Second
Quarter
Report
2024
FOR THE PERIOD ENDED
JUNE 30, 2024
           Power Corporation of Canada




                                                                                                      PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                               TABLE OF CONTENTS




This document contains management’s discussion and analysis of the ﬁnancial
condition, ﬁnancial performance and cash ﬂows of Power Corporation
of Canada (the Corporation) for the three months and six months ended
June 30, 2024 and the unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial
statements of the Corporation as at and for the three months and six months
ended June 30, 2024. This document has been ﬁled with the securities
regulatory authorities in each of the provinces and territories of Canada and
is available under the Corporation’s proﬁle on SEDAR+, at www.sedarplus.ca.




                                                                                                      PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
Power Corporation of Canada
PART A



Great-West Lifeco Inc.
PART B



IGM Financial Inc.
PART C




                                                                                                      PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.




P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4     1
The trademarks contained in this report are owned by Power Corporation of Canada or by a Member of
the Power Corporation Group of Companies®. Trademarks that are not owned by Power Corporation are
used with permission.




     2                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
           Power Corporation of Canada




                                                                                                       PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                  PART A




Management’s Discussion and Analysis
PAGE A 2



Financial Statements and Notes
PAGE A 77




P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4   A  1
                                       POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA


                                       MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND AN ALYSIS




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       Abbreviations used throughout this Management’s Discussion and Analysis (MD&A) are defined in the section “Abbreviations”.

                                       CAU TIONAR Y STATEMENT R EGARDING F OR WAR D-LOOKING S TATEMENTS
                                       Certain statements in this MD&A, other than statements of historical fact, are forward-looking statements based on certain assumptions and reflect the Corporation’s current
                                       expectations, or with respect to disclosure regarding the Corporation’s public subsidiaries, reflect such subsidiaries’ current expectations as disclosed in their respective
                                       MD&A. Forward-looking statements are provided for the purposes of assisting the reader in understanding the Corporation’s financial performance, financial position and
                                       cash flows as at and for the periods ended on certain dates and to present information about management’s current expectations and plans relating to the future, and the
                                       reader is cautioned that such statements may not be appropriate for other purposes. These statements may include, without limitation, statements regarding the operations,
                                       business, financial condition, expected financial results, performance, prospects, opportunities, priorities, targets, goals, ongoing objectives, strategies and outlook of the
                                       Corporation and its subsidiaries including the outlook for North American and international economies for the current fiscal year and subsequent periods, the Corporation’s
                                       NCIB commenced in 2024, statements concerning deferred taxes, impact of the strategic partnership transaction in Power Sustainable Manager, the expectation based on
                                       the Corporation’s assessment of the impact of Global Minimum Tax (GMT or Pillar Two) on adjusted net earnings, management of standalone businesses to realize value
                                       over time, the fintech strategy, fundraising activities and investment strategies of the investment platforms, capital commitments by the Power group and third parties, the
                                       objective to maintain a minimum level of cash and cash equivalents relative to fixed charges, GBL’s proposed dividend, GBL’s intent to grow its portfolio and third-party
                                       asset management activity, and the Corporation’s subsidiaries’ disclosed expectations, including in respect of the ongoing obligations resulting from the sale of Putnam to
                                       Franklin Templeton. Forward-looking statements include statements that are predictive in nature, depend upon or refer to future events or conditions, or include words
                                       such as “expects”, “anticipates”, “plans”, “believes”, “estimates”, “seeks”, “intends”, “targets”, “projects”, “forecasts” or negative versions thereof and other similar expressions,
                                       or future or conditional verbs such as “may”, “will”, “should”, “would” and “could”.
                                       By its nature, this information is subject to inherent risks and uncertainties that may be general or specific and which give rise to the possibility that expectations, forecasts,
                                       predictions, projections or conclusions will not prove to be accurate, that assumptions may not be correct and that objectives, strategic goals and priorities will not be
                                       achieved. A variety of factors, many of which are beyond the Corporation’s and its subsidiaries’ control, affect the operations, performance and results of the Corporation
                                       and its subsidiaries and their businesses, and could cause actual results to differ materially from current expectations of estimated or anticipated events or results. These
                                       factors include, but are not limited to: the impact or unanticipated impact of general economic, political and market factors in North America and internationally, fluctuations
                                       in interest rates, inflation and foreign exchange rates, monetary policies, business investment and the health of local and global equity and capital markets, management of
                                       market liquidity and funding risks, risks related to investments in private companies and illiquid securities, risks associated with financial instruments, changes in accounting
                                       policies and methods used to report financial condition (including uncertainties associated with significant judgments, estimates and assumptions), the effect of applying
                                       future accounting changes, business competition, operational and reputational risks, technological changes, cybersecurity risks, changes in government regulation and
                                       legislation, changes in tax laws, unexpected judicial or regulatory proceedings, catastrophic events, man-made disasters, terrorist attacks, wars and other conflicts, or an
                                       outbreak of a public health pandemic or other public health crises, the Corporation’s and its subsidiaries’ ability to complete strategic transactions, integrate acquisitions
                                       and implement other growth strategies, the Corporation’s and its subsidiaries’ success in anticipating and managing the foregoing factors, and with respect to forward-
                                       looking statements of the Corporation’s subsidiaries disclosed in this MD&A, the factors identified by such subsidiaries in their respective MD&A.
                                       The reader is cautioned to consider these and other factors, uncertainties and potential events carefully and not to put undue reliance on forward-looking statements.
                                       Information contained in forward-looking statements is based upon certain material assumptions that were applied in drawing a conclusion or making a forecast or
                                       projection, including management’s perceptions of historical trends, current conditions and expected future developments, that any required approvals (including
                                       regulatory approvals) for strategic transactions, acquisitions, divestitures or other growth or optimization strategies will be received when and on such terms as are expected,
                                       as well as other considerations that are believed to be appropriate in the circumstances. In arriving at the assessment of the potential exposure to Pillar Two income taxes
                                       for the Corporation and its subsidiaries and the expectation regarding the impact on adjusted net earnings, management has relied on the interpretation of the relevant
                                       legislation by management of the Corporation and its subsidiaries. In estimating the impact on Lifeco, Lifeco management has assumed a starting point of its current mix of
                                       business and adjusted net earnings (defined as base earnings by Lifeco) growth consistent with its adjusted net earnings objectives disclosed in Part B of this MD&A. Other
                                       considerations also include the availability of cash to complete purchases under the NCIB, that the list of risks and uncertainties in the previous paragraph, collectively, are
                                       not expected to have a material impact on the Corporation and its subsidiaries, and with respect to forward-looking statements of the Corporation’s subsidiaries disclosed
                                       in this MD&A, the risks identified by such subsidiaries in their respective MD&A and Annual Information Form most recently filed with the securities regulatory authorities in
                                       Canada and available at www.sedarplus.ca. While the Corporation considers these assumptions to be reasonable based on information currently available to management,
                                       they may prove to be incorrect.
                                       Other than as specifically required by applicable Canadian law, the Corporation undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect events or
                                       circumstances after the date on which such statement is made, or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events, whether as a result of new information, future events or
                                       results, or otherwise.
                                       Additional information about the risks and uncertainties of the Corporation’s business and material factors or assumptions on which information contained in forward‐
                                       looking statements is based is provided in its disclosure materials, including this MD&A and its most recent Annual Information Form, filed with the securities regulatory
                                       authorities in Canada and available at www.sedarplus.ca.

                                       S TATEMENT R EG AR DING NON- IFRS F INANCIAL MEASUR ES AND OTHER MEAS UR ES
                                       This MD&A contains financial measures (including ratios) that do not have a standard meaning under International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS). Terms by which
                                       non-IFRS financial measures are identified include, but are not limited to, “adjusted net earnings from continuing operations (adjusted net earnings)”, “adjusted net earnings
                                       from continuing operations per share (adjusted net earnings per share)”, “adjusted net asset value”, “adjusted net asset value per share”, “consolidated assets and assets
                                       under management”, “consolidated assets and assets under administration” and “fee-related earnings”. Management uses these financial measures in its presentation and
                                       analysis of the financial performance, financial condition and cash flows of Power Corporation, and believes that they provide additional meaningful information to readers
                                       in their analysis of the results of the Corporation. These non-IFRS financial measures may not be comparable to similar measures used by other entities. Refer to the section
                                       “Non-IFRS Financial Measures” in this MD&A for the appropriate reconciliations of these non-IFRS financial measures to measures prescribed by IFRS as well as additional
                                       details on each measure. Reconciliations of the adjusted net asset value and the holding company balance sheet are also included in the section “Adjusted Net Asset Value”.
                                       Adjusted net earnings from continuing operations (or adjusted net earnings) represents net earnings from continuing operations excluding Adjustments. Effective the first
                                       quarter of 2024, the Corporation modified the definition of adjusted net earnings, a non-IFRS earnings measure, to better reflect the underlying performance of the
                                       Corporation. The definition of Adjustments, used to calculate adjusted net earnings, was modified to include the impact of the revaluation of non-controlling interests
                                       liabilities related to PSEIP which result from changes in fair value of assets held within the fund, and the share of earnings (losses) from the consolidated activities of PSEIP
                                       attributable to third-party investors. The comparative periods have been restated to reflect this change.
                                       Global Minimum Tax legislation was enacted in Canada on June 20, 2024 and applies retroactively to January 1, 2024. As a result, in the second quarter of 2024, the impact
                                       of the GMT including the retroactive amount related to the first quarter was recognized in net earnings. The comparative results for adjusted net earnings and Adjustments
                                       for the first quarter of 2024 are presented on a pro forma basis to reflect the related first quarter impact as if the legislation had been enacted in the first quarter of 2024.
                                       Refer to the section “Tax Risk” in this MD&A.
                                       This MD&A also includes other measures used to discuss activities of the Corporation, its consolidated publicly traded operating companies and alternative asset investment
                                       platforms including, but not limited to, “assets under management”, “assets under administration”, “assets under management and advisement”, “assets under management
                                       and advisement including strategic investments”, “book value per participating share”, “carried interest”, “fee-bearing capital”, “market capitalization”, “net asset value”, “net
                                       carried interest”, “unfunded commitments” and “weighted average management fee rate”. As well, the presentation of the holding company is used to present and analyze
                                       the financial position and cash flows of Power Corporation as a holding company. Refer to the section “Other Measures” in this MD&A for a definition of each measure.




                                             A  2                                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


AUGUST 8, 2024
ALL TABULAR AMOUNTS ARE IN MILLIONS OF CANADIAN DOLLARS, UNLESS OTHERWISE NOTED.




                                                                                                                                   PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
The following MD&A of Power Corporation of Canada (Power Corporation or the Corporation) (TSX: POW; POW.PR.E), a
public corporation, is for the three-month and six-month periods ended June 30, 2024. This MD&A should be read in
conjunction with the unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements of Power Corporation and notes thereto
for the three-month and six-month periods ended June 30, 2024 (the Interim Consolidated Financial Statements), the MD&A
for the year ended December 31, 2023 (the 2023 Annual MD&A), and the audited consolidated financial statements and
notes thereto for the year ended December 31, 2023 (the 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements). Additional information
relating to Power Corporation, including its Annual Information Form, may be found on the Corporation’s website at
www.powercorporation.com and on SEDAR+ at www.sedarplus.ca.

ORGANIZATION OF THE INTERIM MD&A
The Corporation’s MD&A consists of three parts:
  Part A – Power Corporation, presented on a consolidated basis, and including a discussion of the contribution to the
    holding company from Lifeco, IGM, GBL, and its alternative asset investment platforms and other investments;
  Part B – Lifeco’s interim MD&A, as prepared and disclosed by Lifeco in accordance with applicable securities legislation,
    which is also available either directly from SEDAR+ (www.sedarplus.ca) or from Lifeco’s website (www.greatwestlifeco.com);
  Part C – IGM’s interim MD&A, as prepared and disclosed by IGM in accordance with applicable securities legislation,
    which is also available either directly from SEDAR+ (www.sedarplus.ca) or from IGM’s website (www.igmfinancial.com).
Lifeco (TSX: GWO) and IGM (TSX: IGM) are public companies listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange. GBL is a public
company listed on the Brussels Stock Exchange (EBR: GBLB). Market capitalizations reported in the following sections are at
June 30, 2024 (refer to the section “Other Measures”).




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4   A  3
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       TABLE OF CON TEN TS




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       About the Corporation                                                                 Liquidity, Capital and Risk Management
                                       5    Power Corporation of Canada                                     5                57     Cash Flows                                                57

                                       6    Group Structure                                                 6                60     Capital Management                                        60

                                       10   Table of Holdings                                               10               62     Risk Management                                           62

                                       11   Financial Highlights                                            11               63     Financial Instruments and Other Instruments               63

                                                                                                                             64     Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements                            64
                                       Consolidated Operating Results                                                        64     Contingent Liabilities                                    64

                                       13   Results of Power Corporation                                    13               64     Commitments and Contractual Obligations                   64

                                       14   Consolidated Statements of Earnings in Accordance with IFRS 14

                                       16   Contribution to Net Earnings and Adjusted Net Earnings          16               Accounting Policies
                                                                                                                             64     Summary of Critical Accounting Estimates and Judgments    64
                                       Review of Segments and Operating Results                                              64     Changes in Accounting Policies                            64

                                       19   Lifeco                                                          19               65     Future Accounting Changes                                 65

                                       25   IGM Financial                                                   25

                                       31   GBL                                                             31

                                       Other Components                                                                      Other
                                       35   Sagard and Power Sustainable                                    35               65     Transactions with Related Parties                         65

                                       47   Other                                                           47               66     Internal Control over Financial Reporting                 66

                                                                                                                             66     Power Financial Corporation                               66

                                       Financial Position                                                                    67     Non-IFRS Financial Measures                               67

                                       50   Consolidated Balance Sheets                                     50               69     Reconciliations of IFRS and Non-IFRS Financial Measures   69

                                       52   Holding Company Balance Sheets                                  52               73     Other Measures                                            73

                                       55   Adjusted Net Asset Value                                        55               76     Summary of Quarterly Results                              76




                                            A  4                                         P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA




                                                                                                                                   PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
OVERVIEW
Incorporated in 1925, Power Corporation (TSX: POW; POW.PR.E) is an international management and holding company that
focuses on financial services in North America, Europe and Asia. Its core holdings are leading insurance, retirement, wealth
management and investment businesses, including a portfolio of alternative asset investment platforms. Through Power
Financial, it holds a controlling interest in Lifeco and IGM and has an active fintech strategy. It also holds, jointly with the
Frère Group of Belgium, a controlling interest in GBL.
Power Corporation conducts its investment activities, built upon a network of deep and long-standing relationships, to
provide superior returns. Investment activities include investments in alternative asset managers, Sagard and Power
Sustainable, investment funds, and interests in China resulting from more than 40 years of engagement. The Corporation aims
to act as an owner with a long-term perspective and a strategic vision anchored in strong core values.
Power Corporation adheres to four overriding investing principles to pursue its objective of achieving sustainable long-term
value creation in the best interests of the Corporation:
  Long-term perspective;
  Leading franchises with attractive growth profiles;
  Strong governance oversight; and
  Prudent approach to risk management.

VALUE CREATION STRATEGY
Power Corporation’s value creation strategy is focused on financial services, designed to generate long-term sustainable
growth in earnings and dividends, and is based upon three key levers:
  Operating company organic levers: organic growth strategies at the publicly traded operating companies;
  Operating company inorganic levers: deployment and redeployment of capital; and
  Holding company levers: actions that can be taken at the Corporation and between the Corporation and its publicly
    traded operating companies and investments.
Power Corporation, through its alternative asset investment platforms, is developing alternative asset management
businesses which build upon the investment capabilities that have been created over many years in several high-growth asset
classes. The alternative asset investment platforms are focused on growing their asset management businesses through
raising third-party capital and the Corporation intends to continue to provide proprietary capital to the different investment
products managed by each.
The Corporation also has significant influence and controlling interests in several standalone businesses managed to create
and realize value over time.




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4   A  5
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       GROUP STRUCTURE
                                       The following chart reflects the economic interests held by the Corporation at June 30, 2024, which include the operating
                                       subsidiaries (Lifeco and IGM) and its interest in GBL, held through Power Financial, and interests held through the




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       Corporation’s alternative asset investment platforms.




                                          In bold: Publicly listed holdings
                                          [1] Lifeco, through Canada Life, holds a 3.9% interest in IGM, and IGM holds a 2.4% interest in Lifeco.
                                          [2] Represents a 49.9% non-controlling voting interest. The interest in Northleaf is held through an acquisition vehicle in which IGM holds an 80% equity interest
                                              and Lifeco holds a 20% equity interest.
                                          [3] Held through Parjointco, a jointly controlled corporation (50%). Parjointco has a 47.0% voting interest in GBL. Refer to the section “GBL” for a list of investments.
                                          [4] Includes a controlling interest in Portage Ventures I, Portage Ventures II, Portage Ventures III and Wealthsimple, held through Power Financial, Lifeco and IGM.
                                          [5] Refer to the section “Alternative Asset Investment Platforms” for a list of investments held by each investment platform.
                                          [6] The Corporation holds a 52.0% interest in SHMI and a 74.7% interest in PSM. Refer to the section “Alternative Asset Investment Platforms”.




                                            A  6                                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


As a holding company, the Corporation uses adjusted net asset value [1], which presents the fair value of the participating
shareholders’ equity of the holding company, to assess the value, composition and size of its investment holdings. The charts
below present the composition and relative size of investment holdings within the Power group of companies, as well as show




                                                                                                                                                                         PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
the composition of the assets included in the adjusted net asset value and the holding company balance sheet, which are
discussed in detail later in this MD&A.


                                                        TOTAL HOLDING COMPANY ASSETS

                  IN ADJUSTED NET ASSET VALUE                                                               IN HOLDING COMPANY BALANCE SHEET




[1] Adjusted net asset value is a non-IFRS financial measure. Refer to the sections “Adjusted Net Asset Value” and “Non-IFRS Financial Measures”.
[2] Includes fintech investments held by the Corporation including investments in Portage Ventures I, Portage Ventures II, Portage Ventures III and Wealthsimple, held
    through Power Financial.
[3] Includes the Corporation’s other investments and investments in standalone businesses, cash and cash equivalents, and other assets held by the holding company.




                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                             A  7
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       Publicly Traded Operating Companies
                                       The Corporation holds controlling interests, through Power Financial, in Lifeco and IGM. It also has significant holdings in a




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       portfolio of European-based global companies through its investment in GBL.

                                       LIF ECO
                                       Great-West Lifeco Inc. (TSX: GWO), market capitalization of $37.2 billion (refer to the section “Other Measures”) at June 30,
                                       2024, is an international financial services holding company with interests in life insurance, health insurance, retirement and
                                       investment services, asset management and reinsurance businesses. Lifeco operates primarily in Canada, the United States
                                       (U.S.) and Europe under the brands Canada Life, Empower and Irish Life.
                                       At June 30, 2024, Power Financial and IGM held interests of 68.1% and 2.4%, respectively, in Lifeco’s common shares,
                                       representing approximately 65% of the voting rights attached to all outstanding Lifeco voting shares. The Insurance
                                       Companies Act limits voting rights in life insurance companies to 65%.

                                       IG M FINANCIAL
                                       IGM Financial Inc. (TSX: IGM), market capitalization of $8.9 billion at June 30, 2024, is a leading wealth and asset management
                                       company supporting advisors and the clients they serve in Canada, and institutional investors throughout North America,
                                       Europe and Asia. IGM’s principal operating subsidiaries are wealth manager IG Wealth Management and asset manager
                                       Mackenzie Investments. IGM also holds a number of strategic investments that provide benefits to its operating subsidiaries
                                       while furthering IGM’s growth prospects.
                                       At June 30, 2024, Power Financial and Canada Life, a subsidiary of Lifeco, held interests of 62.5% and 3.9%, respectively, in
                                       IGM’s common shares.

                                       GBL
                                       Power Financial Europe SA, a wholly owned subsidiary of Power Financial, and the Frère Group each hold a 50% interest in
                                       Parjointco. At June 30, 2024, Parjointco held a 32.9% indirect (47.0% of the voting rights) controlling interest in GBL, a Belgian
                                       holding company listed on the Brussels Stock Exchange.
                                       GBL (EBR: GBLB), market capitalization of €9.2 billion at June 30, 2024, is an established investment holding company. As a
                                       leading and active investor in Europe, GBL is focused on long-term value creation with the support of a stable family
                                       shareholder base and considers environmental, social and governance (ESG) factors as being inextricably linked to value
                                       creation. GBL aims to grow its diversified high-quality portfolio of listed, private and alternative investments. GBL Capital
                                       conducts the group’s alternative assets activity which provides additional sources of diversification to GBL’s portfolio. In
                                       addition, GBL is developing its third-party asset management activity through Sienna Investment Managers.

                                       Alternative Asset Investment Platforms
                                       Power Corporation continues to develop alternative asset investment platforms (investment platforms) that manage portfolios
                                       in several alternative asset classes principally in North America and Europe. The alternative asset investment platforms offer
                                       alternative strategies to traditional long-term investment strategies. Traditional long-term investment strategies generally
                                       invest in publicly traded shares and fixed income investments, whereas the alternative asset strategies include venture capital,
                                       private equity, private credit as well as real estate and infrastructure. At June 30, 2024, the alternative asset investment
                                       platforms had $38.6 billion of assets under management, including unfunded commitments (refer to the section “Other
                                       Measures”).

                                       S AG AR D
                                       Sagard is a multi-strategy alternative asset management firm with professionals principally located in Canada, the U.S., Europe
                                       and the Middle East. Sagard has active strategies in venture capital, private equity, private credit and real estate. Sagard also
                                       engages in private wealth management and holds strategic interests in other alternative asset management businesses.
                                       Sagard seeks to generate attractive returns by matching investment opportunities with flexible capital solutions and pairing
                                       entrepreneurs with teams that have deep industry knowledge. Sagard develops long-term partnerships and empowers the
                                       growth of its investments through a unique global network of portfolio companies, limited partners, advisors and other valued
                                       relationships. At June 30, 2024, Sagard had $34.7 billion of assets under management, including unfunded commitments.
                                       The alternative investment management business of Sagard is consolidated under Sagard Holdings Management Inc. (SHMI).
                                       The Corporation, through Sagard, held a 52.0% controlling interest in SHMI at June 30, 2024 (53.5% at December 31, 2023).




                                           A  8                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


POWER S US TAINABLE
Power Sustainable is a climate-focused investment manager with offices in Canada and the U.S. Power Sustainable finances
companies and projects aiming for both competitive returns and positive sustainability outcomes, and offers institutional




                                                                                                                                   PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
investors exposure to alternative assets which aim to accelerate and scale sustainable solutions across multiple industries.
Power Sustainable invests in companies and projects that contribute to decarbonization, social progress and quality growth,
which are priorities shared by its global network of clients, asset owners, partners and employees. Power Sustainable is
currently comprised of three strategies: Power Sustainable Energy Infrastructure, Power Sustainable Infrastructure Credit and
Power Sustainable Lios (agri-food). At June 30, 2024, Power Sustainable had $3.9 billion of assets under management,
including unfunded commitments.
The management business of Power Sustainable is consolidated under Power Sustainable Manager (PSM). The Corporation,
through Power Sustainable, held a 74.7% controlling interest in PSM at June 30, 2024 (100.0% at December 31, 2023).

Other Investments and Standalone Businesses
Other investments and standalone businesses includes the Corporation’s investments held in investment funds as well as
equity investments in standalone businesses which are managed to create and realize value over time. The standalone
businesses include the Corporation’s interest in Peak and Lion Electric, as well as a controlling interest in LMPG.




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4   A  9
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       TABLE OF HOLDINGS
                                       At June 30, 2024, the Corporation’s main holdings were as follows:




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                % economic
                                       Holdings                                                     interest       Nature of investment                 Accounting method
                                                                                       [1]
                                       Publicly traded operating companies
                                         Lifeco [2]                                                     68.1       Controlling interest                 Consolidation
                                                [3]
                                         IGM                                                            62.5       Controlling interest                 Consolidation
                                         GBL [4]                                                        16.5       Joint control                        Equity method
                                       Alternative asset investment platforms
                                         Sagard
                                           SHMI [5]                                                     52.0       Controlling interest                 Consolidation
                                                PEM [6]                                                 38.0       Controlling interest                 Consolidation
                                                HalseyPoint                                             40.0       Joint control                        Equity method
                                           Wealthsimple [1][7]                                          14.0       Controlling interest                 Consolidation
                                                                    [1][8]
                                           Portage Ventures I                                           63.0       Controlling interest                 Consolidation
                                           Portage Ventures II [1][9]                                   12.4       Controlling interest                 Consolidation
                                                                      [10]
                                           Portage Ventures III                                          2.4       Controlling interest                 Consolidation
                                           Portage Capital Solutions [11]                               31.5       Controlling interest                 Consolidation
                                                             [12]
                                           Sagard Funds                                              various       Investment                           Fair value through profit or loss
                                         Power Sustainable
                                           Power Sustainable Manager [13]                               74.7       Controlling interest                 Consolidation
                                           Power Sustainable Energy
                                            Infrastructure Partnership [14]                             37.7       Controlling interest                 Consolidation
                                           Potentia                                                   100.0        Controlling interest                 Consolidation
                                           Nautilus                                                   100.0        Controlling interest                 Consolidation
                                       Standalone businesses
                                         Peak                                                           42.6       Joint control                        Equity method
                                         LMPG                                                           49.6       Controlling interest                 Consolidation
                                         Lion                                                           34.1       Significant influence                Equity method

                                       [1] Investments held by the Corporation through Power Financial.
                                       [2] IGM also holds a 2.4% interest in Lifeco.
                                       [3] Canada Life also holds a 3.9% interest in IGM.
                                       [4] Held through Parjointco, a jointly controlled corporation (50%). Parjointco holds a controlling interest in GBL.
                                       [5] At June 30, 2024, management of Sagard held a 15.0% interest in SHMI. Lifeco also held a 12.7% interest in SHMI. During the second quarter of 2024, management of
                                           Sagard made an investment in SHMI and acquired an interest of 2.7%. SHMI also has a long-term incentive program pursuant to which certain key members of
                                           management have received, or will receive in the future, compensation in the form of equity of SHMI vesting over a 5-year period.
                                       [6] The Corporation, through Sagard, currently has an exercisable option to buy an additional 13.0% equity interest in PEM.
                                       [7] Portage Ventures I and IGM also hold interests of 10.5% and 30.6%, respectively, in Wealthsimple (see also the section “Wealthsimple” in the section “Sagard and Power
                                           Sustainable”).
                                       [8] Lifeco and IGM also hold equal interests of 18.5% in Portage Ventures I.
                                       [9] Power Financial holds a 7.7% interest, Sagard holds a 4.7% interest, and Lifeco and IGM also hold equal interests of 7.7% in Portage Ventures II.
                                       [10] Lifeco and IGM also hold interests of 9.0% and 4.0%, respectively, in Portage Ventures III.
                                       [11] Lifeco also holds a 30.1% interest in Portage Capital Solutions.
                                       [12] The Corporation holds a non-controlling interest in various funds managed by SHMI. Lifeco also holds an investment in certain of these funds. Refer to the section “Asset
                                            Management Activities” in the section “Sagard and Power Sustainable” for a list of investments and the respective holdings.
                                       [13] At June 30, 2024, management of Power Sustainable held a 4.5% interest in PSM. Lifeco also held an interest of 20.8%. PSM also has a long-term incentive program
                                            pursuant to which certain key members of management may receive, in the future, compensation in the form of equity of PSM vesting over a 5-year period.
                                       [14] Lifeco also holds a 14.6% interest in PSEIP.




                                             A  10                                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS




                                                                                                                                                                                     PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
SELECTED FINANCIAL INFORMATION
                                                                                                                                       Three months ended         Six months ended
                                                                                                             June 30,         March 31,          June 30,   June 30,      June 30,
(in millions of dollars; except per share and as otherwise noted)                                               2024              2024              2023       2024          2023

Net earnings [1]                                                                                                  730                 709            501     1,439             814
Net earnings from continuing operations [1]                                                                       730                 758            550     1,488             876
                                                                     [1][2][3]
Adjusted net earnings from continuing operations                                                                  761                 703            842     1,464          1,430

Per share – basic [1]:
   Net earnings                                                                                                  1.12                 1.09          0.75       2.21          1.22
   Net earnings from continuing operations                                                                       1.12                 1.17          0.82       2.29          1.31
   Adjusted net earnings from continuing operations [4]                                                          1.17                 1.08          1.26       2.25          2.14


Dividend declared (per participating share)                                                                   0.5625            0.5625            0.5250    1.1250        1.0500
                    [5]
Dividend yield                                                                                                  5.9%                  5.9%          5.9%


Total consolidated assets (in billions)                                                                           791                 776            724
                                                                                 [6]
Total consolidated assets and assets under management                                  (in billions)           1,215              1,191            1,258
Total consolidated assets and assets under administration [6] (in billions)                                    3,221              3,140            2,911


Adjusted net asset value [1][6]                                                                               32,746            34,513            32,448
Participating shareholders’ equity                                                                            21,749            21,474            20,874

Per share [1]:
   Adjusted net asset value [4]                                                                                50.48              53.10            48.86
   Book value [7]                                                                                              33.53              33.04            31.43

Market capitalization [8]                                                                                     24,664            24,686            23,680

Share price (Subordinate Voting Shares)
   Ending                                                                                                      38.02              37.98            35.66     38.02          35.66
   High                                                                                                        40.59              40.30            36.75     40.59          37.66
   Low                                                                                                         35.83              36.86            33.66     35.83          32.00

Number of participating shares outstanding
   End of period                                                                                               648.7              650.0            664.0     648.7          664.0
   Average                                                                                                     649.4              650.6            665.8     650.0          666.3

[1] Attributable to participating shareholders.
[2] Non-IFRS financial measure. Effective the first quarter of 2024, the Corporation modified the definition of adjusted net earnings. Refer to the section “Non-IFRS Financial
    Measures”. The comparative periods have been restated to reflect this change.
[3] GMT legislation was enacted in Canada on June 20, 2024 and applies retroactively to January 1, 2024. As a result, the comparative results for adjusted net earnings and
    Adjustments for the first quarter of 2024 are presented on a pro forma basis as if the legislation had been enacted in the first quarter of 2024. Refer to the section
    “Statement Regarding Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Measures”.
[4] Non-IFRS ratio. Refer to the section “Non-IFRS Financial Measures”.
[5] Dividend yield is calculated as the annualized dividend per participating share based on the dividend declared during the reporting period divided by the share price of a
    Subordinate Voting Share at the end of the reporting period.
[6] Non-IFRS financial measure. Refer to the section “Non-IFRS Financial Measures”.
[7] Refer to the section “Other measures”.
[8] Represents the closing price of a Subordinate Voting Share at the end of the reporting period multiplied by the aggregate of Subordinate Voting Shares and Participating
    Preferred Shares outstanding.




                                      P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                    A  11
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       SUMMARY OF THE CONTRIBUTIONS TO POWER CORPORATION’S EARNINGS FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS
                                                                                                                                                                      Three months ended               Six months ended




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                                                               June 30,         March 31,           June 30,     June 30,      June 30,
                                                                                                                                                  2024              2024               2023         2024          2023

                                       Lifeco [1]                                                                                                   708               666                628      1,374          1,189
                                             [1]
                                       IGM                                                                                                          137               140                132        277            260
                                       GBL [1]                                                                                                       21                 54                90          75           109
                                                                   [2]
                                       Effect of consolidation                                                                                      (13)               (15)              (10)        (28)            (7)
                                       Publicly traded operating companies                                                                          853               845                840      1,698          1,551


                                       Sagard and Power Sustainable                                                                                    −               (28)                 −        (28)          (43)
                                       ChinaAMC                                                                                                        −                 −                  −          −             2
                                       Other investments and standalone businesses                                                                   14                 (9)              110           5           126
                                                                                                                                                    867               808                950      1,675          1,636
                                                                               [3]
                                       Corporate operations and other                                                                              (106)             (105)              (108)       (211)         (206)
                                       Adjusted net earnings [4][5]                                                                                761                703               842       1,464         1,430
                                       Adjustments [6]                                                                                              (31)                55              (292)         24          (554)
                                       Net earnings [4]                                                                                            730                758               550       1,488           876
                                       [1] Contribution based on earnings reported by Lifeco, IGM and GBL.
                                       [2] Refer to the detailed table in the section “Results of Power Corporation”.
                                       [3] Includes operating and other expenses, and dividends on non-participating shares of the Corporation and Power Financial.
                                       [4] Attributable to participating shareholders.
                                       [5] Non-IFRS financial measure. Effective the first quarter of 2024, the Corporation modified the definition of adjusted net earnings. Refer to the section “Non-IFRS Financial
                                           Measures”. The comparative periods have been restated to reflect this change.
                                       [6] Refer to the detailed table of Adjustments in the section “Review of Segments and Operating Results”.




                                             A  12                                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


RESULTS OF POWER CORPORATION




                                                                                                                                    PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
This section presents:
  The “Consolidated Statements of Earnings in Accordance with IFRS”; and
  The contributions to Power Corporation of its operating subsidiaries (Lifeco and IGM) and GBL, which are held through
    Power Financial, the contribution of the Corporation’s alternative asset investment platforms and the Corporation’s other
    investments and standalone businesses to the net earnings and adjusted net earnings of Power Corporation. A discussion
    of the contributions of each of the reportable segments and other components follows in the section “Review of Segments
    and Operating Results”.
Adjusted net earnings is a non-IFRS financial measure. Refer to the section “Non-IFRS Financial Measures” for a description
and reconciliation of IFRS and non-IFRS financial measures.

BASIS OF PRESENTATION
IFRS Financial Measures and Presentation
The Interim Consolidated Financial Statements of the Corporation have been prepared in accordance with International
Accounting Standard 34 – Interim Financial Reporting (IAS 34) and are presented in Canadian dollars.
The financial statements of the Corporation include the consolidated results of Power Financial which include the results of
Lifeco, IGM, Wealthsimple and the Portage Ventures I, Portage Ventures II and Portage Ventures III funds, which are controlled
by Power Financial. Power Financial’s investment in GBL is held through Parjointco. Parjointco is a holding company jointly
controlled by Power Financial and the Frère Group, and is accounted for using the equity method.
The investment platforms manage and operate alternative asset investment funds in which third-party investors, the
Corporation and associated companies can participate. The Corporation controls a fund when it is exposed, or has rights, to
variable returns from its involvement with the fund and has the ability to affect those returns through its power to direct the
relevant activities of the fund.

Presentation of the Holding Company
The Corporation’s reportable segments include Lifeco, IGM Financial and GBL, which represent the Corporation’s investments
in publicly traded operating companies, as well as the holding company. These reportable segments, in addition to the asset
management activities, reflect Power Corporation’s management structure and internal financial reporting. The Corporation
evaluates its performance based on the operating segment’s contribution to earnings.
The holding company comprises the corporate activities of the Corporation and Power Financial, on a combined basis, and
presents the investment activities of the Corporation. The investment activities of the holding company, including the
investments in Lifeco, IGM and controlled entities within the alternative asset investment platforms, are presented using the
equity method. The holding company activities present the holding company’s assets and liabilities, including cash,
investments, debentures and non-participating shares. The discussions included in the sections “Financial Position” and “Cash
Flows” present the segmented balance sheets and cash flow statements of the holding company, which are presented in Note 20
of the Interim Consolidated Financial Statements, and reconciliations of these statements are provided throughout this MD&A.




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4   A  13
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EARNINGS IN ACCORDANCE WITH IFRS
                                       Power Corporation’s consolidated statements of earnings for the three months and six months ended June 30, 2024 are
                                       presented below. The Corporation’s reportable segments include Lifeco, IGM and GBL, as well as the holding company.




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       These tables reflect the contributions to the net earnings attributable to Power Corporation’s participating shareholders from
                                       its reportable segments and Sagard and Power Sustainable, the Corporation’s alternative asset investment platforms, which
                                       include controlled and consolidated investment funds and investments, and the Corporation’s other investments and
                                       standalone businesses.
                                       Consolidated Net Earnings – Three months ended
                                                                                                                               Alternative Asset
                                                                                                                                     Investment
                                                                                                                       Holding    Platforms and                Effect of                     Power Corporation
                                                                                    Lifeco      IGM         GBL       company            Other [1]      consolidation [2]                 Consolidated net earnings
                                                                                                                                                                                    June 30,        March 31,         June 30,
                                                                                                                                                                                       2024             2024             2023

                                       Insurance service result
                                         Insurance revenue                         5,273           −           −              −                    −                   −              5,273            5,250           5,081
                                         Insurance service expenses                (4,057)         −           −              −                    −                   −              (4,057)         (4,067)          (3,963)
                                         Net expense from reinsurance
                                           contracts                                 (385)         −           −              −                    −                   −                (385)           (386)            (415)
                                       Total insurance service result                831           −           −              −                    −                   −                 831             797             703
                                       Net investment result
                                         Net investment income (loss) [3]          1,536         10            −             19                 150                  (15)             1,700            1,183             (472)
                                         Net investment result from
                                          insurance activities [4]                   (896)         −           −              −                    −                   −                (896)           (195)            911
                                       Total net investment result                   640         10            −             19                 150                  (15)                804             988             439
                                       Fee income and other revenues               1,794        836            −              −                 348                  (43)             2,935            2,729           2,564
                                       Operating and administrative
                                        expenses                                   (1,859)     (584)           −            (45)               (458)                 39               (2,907)         (2,900)          (2,829)
                                       Financing charges                             (101)       (32)          −            (13)                 (52)                 (4)               (202)           (201)            (186)
                                       Earnings before investments in
                                        jointly controlled corporations
                                        and associates, and income
                                        taxes                                      1,305        230            −            (39)                 (12)                (23)             1,461            1,413             691
                                       Share of earnings (losses) of
                                        investments in jointly
                                        controlled corporations and
                                        associates                                      9        51           21              −                   26                 (34)                 73              64             248
                                       Earnings before income taxes                1,314        281           21            (39)                  14                 (57)             1,534            1,477             939
                                       Income tax expense (recovery)                 229         64            −              −                    1                 11                  305             234               88
                                       Net earnings – continuing
                                        operations                                 1,085        217           21            (39)                  13                 (68)             1,229            1,243             851
                                       Net loss – discontinued
                                        operations                                      −          −           −              −                    −                   −                    −           (115)             (71)
                                       Net gain – disposal of
                                        discontinued operations                         −          −           −              −                    −                   −                    −             44                −
                                       Net earnings                                1,085        217           21            (39)                  13                 (68)             1,229            1,172             780
                                       Attributable to
                                         Non-controlling interests                   415         81            −             35                   23                 (68)                486             450             266
                                         Non-participating shareholders                 −          −           −             13                    −                   −                  13              13               13
                                         Participating shareholders of
                                          Power Corporation [2]                      670        136           21            (87)                 (10)                  −                 730             709             501
                                                                                   1,085        217           21            (39)                  13                 (68)             1,229            1,172             780
                                       [1] Alternative Asset Investment Platforms and Other is comprised of the Corporation’s alternative asset investment platforms, which include consolidated investment funds,
                                           as well as the investment activities held through Power Financial including Portage Ventures I, Portage Ventures II and Wealthsimple, and the Corporation’s standalone
                                           businesses.
                                       [2] The results presented for Lifeco and IGM are as reported by each. The Effect of consolidation includes the elimination of intercompany transactions and the application
                                           of the Corporation’s accounting method for investments under common control. The contribution from Lifeco, IGM, GBL and Alternative Asset Investment Platforms and
                                           Other to net earnings attributable to participating shareholders of the Corporation includes the effect of consolidation, and represents the contribution to the holding
                                           company.
                                       [3] Includes net investment income and changes in fair value through profit or loss included in the net investment result on the consolidated statements of earnings.
                                       [4] Includes net finance income (expenses) from insurance contracts, net finance income (expenses) from reinsurance contracts and changes in investment contract liabilities.




                                             A  14                                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


Consolidated Net Earnings – Six months ended
                                                                                                          Alternative Asset
                                                                                                                Investment




                                                                                                                                                                                          PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                             Holding         Platforms and                Effect of       Power Corporation
                                                      Lifeco         IGM           GBL      company                 Other [1]      consolidation [2]   Consolidated net earnings
                                                                                                                                                         June 30,           June 30,
                                                                                                                                                            2024               2023

Insurance service result
  Insurance revenue                                 10,523              −            −              −                     −                       −      10,523              10,118
  Insurance service expenses                         (8,124)            −            −              −                     −                       −       (8,124)            (7,958)
  Net expense from reinsurance
   contracts                                           (771)            −            −              −                     −                       −         (771)              (757)
Total insurance service result                       1,628              −            −              −                     −                       −        1,628              1,403
Net investment result
  Net investment income (loss) [3]                   2,472             26            −             42                  344                       (1)       2,883              5,284
  Net investment result from
   insurance activities [4]                          (1,091)            −            −              −                     −                       −       (1,091)            (4,448)
Total net investment result                          1,381             26            −             42                  344                       (1)       1,792                   836
Fee income and other revenues                        3,466         1,660             −              −                  624                     (86)        5,664              4,997
Operating and administrative
 expenses                                            (3,730)      (1,152)            −            (88)                 (913)                    76        (5,807)            (5,462)
Financing charges                                      (201)          (64)           −            (27)                 (105)                     (6)        (403)              (377)
Earnings before investments in jointly
 controlled corporations and
 associates, and income taxes                        2,544           470             −            (73)                  (50)                   (17)        2,874              1,397
Share of earnings (losses) of
 investments in jointly controlled
 corporations and associates                             28          103            75              −                      8                   (77)          137                   281
Earnings before income taxes                         2,572           573            75            (73)                  (42)                   (94)        3,011              1,678
Income tax expense (recovery)                           398          131             −              −                     (7)                   17           539                   208
Net earnings – continuing operations                 2,174           442            75            (73)                  (35)                  (111)        2,472              1,470
Net loss – discontinued operations                     (115)            −            −              −                     −                       −         (115)                  (90)
Net gain – disposal of discontinued
 operations                                              44             −            −              −                     −                       −           44                    −
Net earnings                                         2,103           442            75            (73)                  (35)                  (111)        2,401              1,380

Attributable to
  Non-controlling interests                             792          173             −             70                    12                   (111)          936                   540
  Non-participating shareholders                          −             −            −             26                     −                       −           26                   26
  Participating shareholders of
   Power Corporation [2]                             1,311           269            75          (169)                   (47)                      −        1,439                   814
                                                     2,103           442            75            (73)                  (35)                  (111)        2,401              1,380
[1] Alternative Asset Investment Platforms and Other is comprised of the Corporation’s alternative asset investment platforms, which include consolidated investment funds,
    as well as the investment activities held through Power Financial including Portage Ventures I, Portage Ventures II and Wealthsimple, and the Corporation’s standalone
    businesses.
[2] The results presented for Lifeco and IGM are as reported by each. The Effect of consolidation includes the elimination of intercompany transactions and the application
    of the Corporation’s accounting method for investments under common control. The contribution from Lifeco, IGM, GBL and Alternative Asset Investment Platforms and
    Other to net earnings attributable to participating shareholders of the Corporation includes the effect of consolidation, and represents the contribution to the holding
    company.
[3] Includes net investment income and changes in fair value through profit or loss included in the net investment result on the consolidated statements of earnings.
[4] Includes net finance income (expenses) from insurance contracts, net finance income (expenses) from reinsurance contracts and changes in investment contract liabilities.


As a holding company, the Corporation evaluates the performance of each segment based on its contribution to net earnings
and adjusted net earnings attributable to participating shareholders. A discussion of the results of Lifeco, IGM and GBL is
provided in the section “Review of Segments and Operating Results” below.




                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                         A  15
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       CONTRIBUTION TO NET EARNINGS AND ADJUSTED NET EARNINGS
                                       This section details the contribution to the net earnings and adjusted net earnings attributable to Power Corporation’s
                                       participating shareholders from Lifeco, IGM, GBL and Sagard and Power Sustainable, the Corporation’s alternative asset




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       investment platforms, which include the contribution from controlled and consolidated investments, and the Corporation’s
                                       other investments and standalone businesses.
                                                                                                                                                                     Three months ended                 Six months ended
                                                                                                                                              June 30,         March 31,           June 30,      June 30,       June 30,
                                                                                                                                                 2024              2024               2023          2024           2023

                                       Adjusted net earnings from continuing operations [1]
                                       Lifeco [2][3]                                                                                              708                666                628       1,374           1,189
                                       IGM [3]                                                                                                    137                140                132         277             260
                                             [3]
                                       GBL                                                                                                          21                 54                90           75            109
                                       Effect of consolidation [4]                                                                                 (13)               (15)               (10)        (28)             (7)
                                                                                                                                                  853                845                840       1,698           1,551
                                       Sagard and Power Sustainable                                                                                  −                (28)                 −         (28)           (43)
                                       ChinaAMC [5]                                                                                                  −                  −                  −           −              2
                                       Other investments and standalone businesses                                                                  14                  (9)             110            5            126
                                       Corporate operating and other expenses                                                                      (58)               (57)               (60)       (115)          (111)
                                       Dividends on non-participating and perpetual preferred shares                                               (48)               (48)               (48)        (96)           (95)
                                                                                                                                                  761                703                842       1,464          1,430
                                       Adjustments [2][6]
                                       Lifeco [3]                                                                                                  (22)                36              (240)          14           (384)
                                       IGM [3]                                                                                                       (2)                (1)              (46)         (3)            63
                                       Effect of consolidation                                                                                       (2)                (3)               (9)         (5)          (137)
                                                                                                                                                   (26)                32              (295)           6           (458)
                                       Power Sustainable                                                                                             (5)               23                  3          18            (42)
                                       ChinaAMC [5]                                                                                                  −                  −                  −           −            (54)
                                                                                                                                                   (31)                55              (292)          24           (554)
                                       Net earnings from continuing operations [7]
                                       Lifeco [3]                                                                                                 686                702                388       1,388             805
                                       IGM [3]                                                                                                    135                139                 86         274             323
                                       GBL [3]                                                                                                      21                 54                90           75            109
                                       Effect of consolidation                                                                                     (15)               (18)               (19)        (33)          (144)
                                                                                                                                                  827                877                545       1,704           1,093
                                       Sagard and Power Sustainable                                                                                  (5)                (5)                3         (10)           (85)
                                       ChinaAMC [5]                                                                                                  −                  −                  −           −            (52)
                                       Other investments and standalone businesses                                                                  14                  (9)             110            5            126
                                       Corporate operating and other expenses                                                                      (58)               (57)               (60)       (115)          (111)
                                       Dividends on non-participating and perpetual preferred shares                                               (48)               (48)               (48)        (96)           (95)
                                                                                                                                                  730                758                550       1,488            876
                                       Net earnings (loss) from discontinued operations – Putnam                                                     −                (49)               (49)        (49)           (62)
                                       Net earnings [7]                                                                                           730                709                501       1,439            814
                                       [1] Adjusted net earnings from continuing operations (adjusted net earnings) is a non-IFRS financial measure. Effective the first quarter of 2024, the Corporation modified
                                           the definition of adjusted net earnings. Refer to the section “Non-IFRS Financial Measures”. The comparative periods have been restated to reflect this change. For a
                                           reconciliation of Lifeco, IGM, and Sagard and Power Sustainable’s non-IFRS adjusted net earnings to their net earnings, refer to the sections “Lifeco”, “IGM Financial”,
                                           and “Sagard and Power Sustainable” in the section “Review of Segments and Operating Results” below which detail the contribution to net earnings and adjusted net
                                           earnings of each.
                                       [2] GMT legislation was enacted in Canada on June 20, 2024 and applies retroactively to January 1, 2024. As a result, the comparative results for adjusted net earnings and
                                           Adjustments for the first quarter of 2024 are presented on a pro forma basis as if the legislation had been enacted in the first quarter of 2024. Refer to the section
                                           “Statement Regarding Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Measures”.
                                       [3] Contribution based on earnings reported by Lifeco, IGM and GBL.
                                       [4] See table below for details on Effect of consolidation.
                                       [5] On January 12, 2023, the Corporation and IGM completed a transaction in which the interest in ChinaAMC was combined under IGM. The Corporation sold its 13.9%
                                           interest in ChinaAMC to IGM and no longer holds a direct interest in ChinaAMC. Refer to the section “Adjustments” below.
                                       [6] See the section “Adjustments” below, including details on Effect of consolidation.
                                       [7] Attributable to participating shareholders.




                                             A  16                                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


Adjusted and Net Earnings Per Share
                                                                                                                                   Three months ended           Six months ended




                                                                                                                                                                                    PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                         June 30,         March 31,          June 30,    June 30,       June 30,
                                                                                                            2024              2024              2023        2024           2023

Earnings per share – basic [1]
Adjusted net earnings from continuing operations                                                             1.17              1.08             1.26        2.25           2.14
Adjustments                                                                                                 (0.05)             0.09             (0.44)      0.04          (0.83)
Net earnings from continuing operations                                                                      1.12              1.17             0.82        2.29           1.31
Net earnings (loss) from discontinued operations – Putnam                                                       −             (0.08)            (0.07)     (0.08)         (0.09)
Net earnings                                                                                                 1.12              1.09             0.75        2.21           1.22
[1] Attributable to participating shareholders.


EFFECT OF CONSOLIDATION
Effect of consolidation reflects:
   The elimination of intercompany transactions; and
   The application of the Corporation’s accounting method for investments under common control to the reported net
      earnings of the publicly traded operating companies, which include:
         i)     An adjustment related to Lifeco’s investment in PSEIP, PSM and SHMI;
         ii) An allocation of the results of the fintech portfolio, including Wealthsimple, Portage Ventures I, Portage Ventures II,
                Portage Ventures III and Portage Capital Solutions, to the contributions from Lifeco and IGM based on their
                respective interest.

The following table summarizes the effect of consolidation on adjusted net earnings for Lifeco and IGM:
                                                                                                                                   Three months ended           Six months ended
                                                                                                         June 30,         March 31,          June 30,    June 30,       June 30,
                                                                                                            2024              2024              2023        2024           2023

Lifeco                                                                                                        (15)                  (8)          (13)        (23)             (5)
IGM                                                                                                             2                   (7)            3          (5)             (2)
                                                                                                              (13)                 (15)          (10)        (28)             (7)


Per share [1]                                                                                               (0.02)            (0.01)            (0.02)     (0.04)         (0.02)
[1] Attributable to participating shareholders.




                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                     A  17
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                                          Q2 2024 vs. Q2 2023 and Q1 2024                                                              Year-to-date 2024 vs. 2023

                                       Net earnings




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       $730 million or $1.12 per share, compared with $501 million or                  $1,439 million or $2.21 per share, compared with $814 million or
                                       $0.75 per share in the corresponding period in 2023, an increase                $1.22 per share in the corresponding period in 2023, an increase
                                       of 49.3% on a per share basis, and $709 million or $1.09 per share              of 81.1% on a per share basis.
                                       in the first quarter of 2024.

                                       Net earnings from continuing operations
                                       $730 million or $1.12 per share, compared with $550 million or                  $1,488 million or $2.29 per share, compared with $876 million or
                                       $0.82 per share in the corresponding period in 2023, an increase                $1.31 per share in the corresponding period in 2023, an increase
                                       of 36.6% on a per share basis, and $758 million or $1.17 per share              of 74.8% on a per share basis.
                                       in the first quarter of 2024.

                                       Adjusted net earnings from continuing operations
                                       $761 million or $1.17 per share, compared with $842 million or                  $1,464 million or $2.25 per share, compared with $1,430 million or
                                       $1.26 per share in the corresponding period in 2023, a decrease                 $2.14 per share in the corresponding period in 2023, an increase
                                       of 7.1% on a per share basis, and $703 million or $1.08 per share               of 5.1% on a per share basis.
                                       in the first quarter of 2024.

                                       Contribution to net earnings and adjusted net earnings from continuing operations from Lifeco, IGM and GBL
                                       Contribution to net earnings from continuing operations of          Contribution to net earnings from continuing operations of
                                       $827 million, compared with $545 million in the corresponding       $1,704 million, compared with $1,093 million in the corresponding
                                       period in 2023, an increase of 51.7%, and $877 million in the first period in 2023, an increase of 55.9%.
                                       quarter of 2024.                                                    Contribution to adjusted net earnings from continuing operations
                                       Contribution to adjusted net earnings from continuing operations                of $1,698 million, compared with $1,551 million in the
                                       of $853 million, compared with $840 million in the corresponding                corresponding period in 2023, an increase of 9.5%.
                                       period in 2023, an increase of 1.5%, and $845 million in the first
                                       quarter of 2024.


                                       Main Drivers of Earnings
                                       NET EAR NINGS AND ADJU STED NET EAR NING S FROM CONTINU ING OPERATIONS
                                       The Corporation’s net earnings increased by $180 million or 32.7% for the three-month period ended June 30, 2024 and
                                       adjusted net earnings decreased by $81 million or 9.6% from the corresponding quarter in 2023:
                                         Lifeco: contribution to net earnings and adjusted net earnings increased by $298 million or 76.8% and by $80 million or
                                           12.7%, respectively.
                                         IGM: contribution to net earnings and adjusted net earnings increased by $49 million or 57.0% and by $5 million or 3.8%,
                                           respectively.
                                         GBL: contribution to net earnings of $21 million in the second quarter of 2024, compared with a contribution of
                                           $90 million in the second quarter of 2023.
                                         Sagard and Power Sustainable: net earnings include a positive contribution of $27 million from Sagard and a negative
                                           contribution of $32 million from Power Sustainable in the second quarter of 2024, compared with a positive contribution
                                           of $5 million from Sagard and a negative contribution of $2 million from Power Sustainable in the corresponding quarter
                                           in 2023. Adjusted net earnings include a positive contribution of $27 million from Sagard and a negative contribution of
                                           $27 million from Power Sustainable, compared with a positive contribution of $5 million from Sagard and a negative
                                           contribution of $5 million from Power Sustainable in the corresponding quarter in 2023.
                                       The Corporation’s net earnings and adjusted net earnings for the six-month period ended June 30, 2024 increased by
                                       $612 million and by $34 million or 2.4%, respectively, from the corresponding period in 2023:
                                         Lifeco: contribution to net earnings and adjusted net earnings increased by $583 million or 72.4% and by $185 million
                                           or 15.6%, respectively.
                                         IGM: contribution to net earnings decreased by $49 million or 15.2% and the contribution to adjusted net earnings
                                           increased by $17 million or 6.5%.
                                         GBL: contribution to net earnings of $75 million, compared with a contribution of $109 million in 2023.
                                         Sagard and Power Sustainable: net earnings include a positive contribution of $32 million from Sagard and a negative
                                           contribution of $42 million from Power Sustainable in the six-month period ended June 30, 2024, compared with a
                                           negative contribution from Sagard and Power Sustainable of $6 million and $79 million, respectively, in the
                                           corresponding period in 2023. Adjusted net earnings include a positive contribution of $32 million from Sagard and a
                                           negative contribution of $60 million from Power Sustainable, compared with a negative contribution from Sagard and
                                           Power Sustainable of $6 million and $37 million, respectively, in the corresponding period in 2023.

                                       A discussion of the results of Lifeco, IGM, GBL and Sagard and Power Sustainable is provided in the sections “Lifeco”, “IGM
                                       Financial”, “GBL” and “Sagard and Power Sustainable” in the section “Review of Segments and Operating Results” below.
                                       For additional discussion of the results of Lifeco and IGM, refer to Part B and C, respectively, of this MD&A.


                                           A  18                                      P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


REVIEW OF SEGMENTS AND OPERATIN G RESULTS




                                                                                                                                       PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
PUBLICLY TRADED OPERATING COMPANIES

Lifeco

OVER VIEW OF THE BUS INES S
Lifeco is an international financial services holding company with interests in life insurance, health insurance, retirement and
investment services, asset management and reinsurance businesses. Lifeco operates primarily in Canada, the U.S. and Europe
under the brands Canada Life, Empower and Irish Life. For reporting purposes, Lifeco has four major reportable segments:
Canada, the United States, Europe, and Capital and Risk Solutions. Lifeco focuses on three key value drivers for its business:
Workplace Solutions (including group life & health, group retirement, and pension administration and record-keeping
services); Wealth & Asset Management (including retail savings and wealth products); and Insurance & Risk Solutions
(including life insurance, disability, and critical illness coverage for individuals, and payout annuities for individuals and
pension plans as well as reinsurance). On January 1, 2024, Lifeco completed the sale of Putnam Investments to Franklin
Templeton, and as a result of the transaction Putnam is classified as discontinued operations.
The Canada segment is operated by Canada Life, offering a broad portfolio of financial and benefit plan solutions for
individuals, families, businesses and organizations primarily through the Workplace Solutions, Individual Wealth
Management, and Insurance & Annuities business units. Through the Workplace Solutions business unit, Lifeco offers group
life and health benefits, group creditor and group retirement and investment products, including life, accidental death and
dismemberment, critical illness, disability, health and dental protection, and creditor insurance, as well as retirement savings
and income and annuity products and other speciality products to group clients in Canada. Through the Individual Wealth
Management business unit, Lifeco provides wealth savings and income products and services to individual customers. The
Insurance & Annuities business unit offers individual life, disability and critical illness insurance products and services, as well
as individual life annuities and single-premium group annuities.
The United States segment is operated by Empower through the Empower Defined Contribution and the Empower Personal
Wealth business units, as well by PanAgora through the Asset Management business unit. The Empower Defined Contribution
business unit helps people with saving, investing and advice through employer-sponsored defined contribution, defined
benefit and non-qualified plans. The Empower Personal Wealth business unit offers individual product solutions and provides
retail wealth management products and services to individuals, including individual retirement accounts and after-tax
investment accounts. The Asset Management business unit provides investment management services, related administrative
functions and distribution services, and offers a broad range of investment products. The Corporate business unit includes
items not associated directly with or allocated to the Empower and PanAgora Asset Management business units, including a
retained block of life insurance, predominately participating policies, which are now administered by Protective Life Insurance
Company, as well as a closed retrocession block of life insurance. The United States segment also includes the results of
Putnam, classified as discontinued operations.
The Europe segment operates under the Canada Life brand in the U.K. and Germany and under the Irish Life brand in Ireland
along with other acquired brands within the broker market in Ireland. The Workplace Solutions business unit consists of group
life and health insurance business in the U.K. and Ireland as well as group retirement and employee benefit consulting services
in Ireland. The Individual Wealth & Asset Management business unit consists of investment products (including life bonds,
retirement drawdown and pension) offered in the U.K., pension, savings and investment products offered in Ireland and
pension products offered in Germany. Irish Life Investment Managers (ILIM) is one of Lifeco’s fund management operations
in Ireland. In addition to managing assets on behalf of companies in the Lifeco group, ILIM also manages assets for a wide
range of institutional clients across Europe and North America. The Insurance & Annuities business unit consists of bulk and
individual payout annuities offered in the U.K. and Ireland, equity-release mortgages offered in the U.K., and individual
insurance offered in Ireland and Germany.
The Capital and Risk Solutions segment includes Lifeco’s reinsurance business under the Insurance & Risk Solutions value
driver, which operates primarily in the U.S., Barbados, Bermuda and Ireland. Reinsurance products are provided through
Canada Life and its subsidiaries and include both reinsurance and retrocession business transacted directly with clients or
through reinsurance brokers.




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4   A  19
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       2024 DEVELOPMENTS
                                       Putnam Investments: On January 1, 2024, Lifeco completed the previously announced sale of Putnam to Franklin Resources,
                                       Inc., operating as Franklin Templeton, in exchange for Franklin Templeton common shares, cash, and contingent




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       consideration of up to US$375 million over a five- to seven-year period. In the first quarter of 2024, Lifeco recorded a net loss
                                       of $115 million reflecting closing costs as well as a $44 million final gain on sale within discontinued operations. Lifeco
                                       retained its controlling interest in PanAgora, a leading quantitative asset manager. Lifeco currently holds approximately
                                       31.6 million Franklin Templeton shares and will hold a majority of these shares for a minimum five-year period.
                                       In addition to the sale, Lifeco, along with the Corporation and Franklin Templeton, has entered into a strategic partnership to
                                       distribute Franklin Templeton products. Lifeco will provide an initial long-term asset allocation of US$25 billion of assets under
                                       management to Franklin Templeton within 12 months of closing, with the potential for that amount to increase over the next
                                       several years.
                                       See Part B of this MD&A for additional information on Lifeco.

                                       R ES U LTS
                                       Contribution to Power Corporation
                                                                                                                                                                     Three months ended                 Six months ended
                                                                                                                                              June 30,         March 31,           June 30,      June 30,       June 30,
                                                                                                                                                 2024              2024               2023          2024           2023

                                       Average direct ownership (%)                                                                              68.1               68.1               68.2         68.1           68.1
                                       Contribution to earnings
                                         Net earnings from continuing operations                                                                  670                689                375       1,359             783
                                         Adjusted net earnings from continuing operations                                                         693                658                615       1,351           1,184


                                       Dividend received                                                                                                                                            706             661

                                                                                                                                                                                                 June 30,   December 31,
                                       As at                                                                                                                                                        2024          2023

                                       Contribution to holding company balance sheets
                                         Investment in Lifeco, carrying value                                                                                                                    15,996          15,326
                                         % of total holding company assets                                                                                                                          58.4           57.1

                                         Investment in Lifeco, fair value                                                                                                                        25,361          27,871
                                         % of total holding company assets, at fair value                                                                                                           66.0           68.7



                                       Reconciliation of contribution to net earnings and adjusted net earnings of Power Corporation
                                                                                                                                                                     Three months ended                 Six months ended
                                                                                                                                              June 30,         March 31,           June 30,      June 30,       June 30,
                                                                                                                                                 2024              2024               2023          2024           2023

                                       Contribution to Power Corporation’s:
                                         Adjusted net earnings from continuing operations
                                           As reported by Lifeco                                                                                  708                666                628       1,374           1,189
                                                                       [1]
                                           Effect of consolidation                                                                                 (15)                 (8)              (13)        (23)             (5)
                                                                                                                                                  693                658                615       1,351           1,184
                                         Adjustments
                                           As reported by Lifeco                                                                                   (22)                36              (240)          14           (384)
                                                                       [2]
                                           Effect of consolidation                                                                                   (1)                (5)                −          (6)           (17)
                                                                                                                                                   (23)                31              (240)           8           (401)
                                         Net earnings from continuing operations                                                                  670                689                375       1,359             783
                                         Net earnings (loss) from discontinued operations – Putnam                                                   −                (48)               (48)        (48)           (61)
                                         Net earnings                                                                                             670                641                327       1,311             722
                                       [1] The Effect of consolidation includes the elimination of intercompany transactions and the application of the Corporation’s accounting method for investments under
                                           common control including an adjustment for Lifeco’s investment in PSEIP, PSM and SHMI and an allocation of the results of the fintech portfolio.
                                       [2] Refer to the section “Adjustments” below for details of Effect of consolidation.




                                               A  20                                             P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




Adjusted and net earnings per share as reported by Lifeco




                                                                                                                                                                                    PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                                                   Three months ended           Six months ended
                                                                                                         June 30,         March 31,          June 30,    June 30,       June 30,
                                                                                                            2024              2024              2023        2024           2023

Adjusted net earnings from continuing operations [1][2]                                                      1.11              1.05             0.99        2.16           1.87
Adjustments [3]                                                                                             (0.03)             0.05             (0.38)      0.02          (0.60)
Net earnings from continuing operations [1]                                                                  1.08              1.10             0.61        2.18           1.27
                [1]
Net earnings                                                                                                 1.08              1.03             0.53        2.11           1.17
[1] Attributable to Lifeco common shareholders.
[2] Defined as “base earnings per common share” by Lifeco, a non-IFRS ratio; refer to the section “Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios” in Part B of this MD&A.
[3] See the section “Adjustments” below.

Contribution to adjusted and net earnings by segments as reported by Lifeco
                                                                                                                                   Three months ended           Six months ended
                                                                                                         June 30,         March 31,          June 30,    June 30,       June 30,
                                                                                                            2024              2024              2023        2024           2023

Adjusted net earnings from continuing operations [1][2][3]
  Canada                                                                                                     322                   302           283        624              561
  United States                                                                                              324                   286           265        610              483
  Europe [3]                                                                                                 206                   197           180        403              358
  Capital and Risk Solutions [3]                                                                             190                   195           203        385              360
  Lifeco Corporate                                                                                              (4)                 (2)          (11)         (6)            (16)
                                                                                                           1,038                   978           920      2,016           1,746
Adjustments [3][4]
  Market experience relative to expectations [5]                                                               28                  107           (79)       135            (247)
  Realized OCI gains (losses) from asset rebalancing                                                            −                   −           (121)          −           (121)
                                                                [5]
  Assumption changes and management actions                                                                    39                   (1)            (4)        38              3
  Other non-market related impacts [3][6]                                                                   (100)                  (53)         (147)       (153)          (198)
                                                                                                              (33)                 53           (351)         20           (563)
                                                     [1]
Net earnings from continuing operations
  Canada                                                                                                     335                   353           148        688              381
  United States                                                                                              274                   233           161        507              331
  Europe                                                                                                     201                   187           102        388              142
  Capital and Risk Solutions                                                                                 155                   260           169        415              353
  Lifeco Corporate                                                                                             40                   (2)          (11)         38             (24)
Net earnings from continuing operations [1]                                                                1,005              1,031              569      2,036           1,183
Net earnings (loss) from discontinued operations – Putnam                                                       −              (115)             (71)       (115)            (90)
Net gain from disposal of discontinued operations – Putnam                                                      −                  44              −          44              −
                [1]
Net earnings                                                                                               1,005                   960           498      1,965           1,093
[1] Attributable to Lifeco common shareholders.
[2] Defined as “base earnings (loss)” by Lifeco, a non-IFRS financial measure; refer to Part B of this MD&A for additional details including a definition and reconciliation by
    segment.
[3] GMT legislation was enacted in Canada on June 20, 2024 and applies retroactively to January 1, 2024. As a result, the comparative results for adjusted net earnings and
    Adjustments for the first quarter of 2024 are presented on a pro forma basis as if the legislation had been enacted in the first quarter of 2024. Refer to Part B of this
    MD&A.
[4] See the section “Adjustments” below. Described as “items excluded from base earnings” by Lifeco; refer to Part B of this MD&A.
[5] Refer to Part B of this MD&A for more details, including a definition of these Adjustments.
[6] Includes business transformation impacts (including restructuring and integration costs as well as acquisition and divestiture costs), amortization of acquisition-related
    intangible assets and tax legislative changes impacts.




                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                     A  21
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                                         Q2 2024 vs. Q2 2023 and Q1 2024                                                              Year-to-date 2024 vs. 2023

                                       Net earnings




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       $1,005 million or $1.08 per share, compared with $498 million or               $1,965 million or $2.11 per share, compared with $1,093 million or
                                       $0.53 per share in the corresponding period in 2023, and                       $1.17 per share in the corresponding period in 2023, an increase of
                                       $960 million or $1.03 per share in the first quarter of 2024.                  80.3% on a per share basis.

                                       Net earnings from continuing operations
                                       $1,005 million or $1.08 per share, compared with $569 million or               $2,036 million or $2.18 per share, compared with $1,183 million or
                                       $0.61 per share in the corresponding period in 2023, an increase               $1.27 per share in the corresponding period in 2023, an increase of
                                       of 77.0% on a per share basis, and $1,031 million or $1.10 per                 71.7% on a per share basis.
                                       share in the first quarter of 2024.

                                       Adjusted net earnings from continuing operations
                                       $1,038 million or $1.11 per share, compared with $920 million or               $2,016 million or $2.16 per share, compared with $1,746 million or
                                       $0.99 per share in the corresponding period in 2023, an increase               $1.87 per share in the corresponding period in 2023, an increase of
                                       of 12.1% on a per share basis, and $978 million or $1.05 per                   15.5% on a per share basis.
                                       share in the first quarter of 2024.


                                       CANADA
                                       Net earnings in the three-month period ended June 30, 2024 increased by $187 million to $335 million, compared with the
                                       corresponding quarter in 2023. Adjusted net earnings in the three-month period ended June 30, 2024 were $322 million, an
                                       increase of $39 million compared with the corresponding quarter in 2023, reflecting:
                                         Strong long-term disability and health experience driven by management actions in Workplace Solutions, as well as
                                           organic growth in Workplace Solutions;
                                         Higher net fee and spread income partially driven by the addition of IPC and Value Partners; and
                                         Higher equity markets, improved mortality experience in Insurance and Annuities, and favourable tax impacts;
                                         Partially offset by higher than normal commodity taxes in the second quarter of 2024.
                                       Adjusted net earnings in the three-month period ended June 30, 2024 excluded Adjustments of positive $13 million,
                                       compared with Adjustments of negative $135 million in the corresponding quarter in 2023. Market experience relative to
                                       expectations was positive $25 million in the second quarter of 2024, compared with negative $129 million in the
                                       corresponding quarter in 2023, primarily due to favourable impacts of risk-free interest rate and credit spread movements in
                                       the three-month period ended June 30, 2024, compared with unfavourable impacts in the prior year, and less unfavourable
                                       non-fixed income experience.
                                       Net earnings in the six-month period ended June 30, 2024 increased by $307 million to $688 million, compared with the
                                       corresponding period in 2023. Adjusted net earnings in the six-month period ended June 30, 2024 were $624 million, an
                                       increase of $63 million compared with the corresponding period in 2023, primarily due to:
                                         Favourable long-term disability and health experience driven by management actions in Workplace Solutions, as well as
                                           organic growth in Workplace Solutions;
                                         Higher net fee and spread income partially driven by the addition of IPC and Value Partners; and
                                         Higher equity markets, and improved mortality experience in Insurance & Annuities;
                                         Partially offset by a favourable tax item from 2023 in Individual Wealth Management which did not repeat, and lower
                                           earnings on surplus.
                                       Adjusted net earnings in the six-month period ended June 30, 2024 excluded Adjustments of positive $64 million, compared
                                       with Adjustments of negative $180 million in the corresponding period in 2023. Market experience relative to expectations
                                       was positive $92 million, compared with negative $172 million in the corresponding period in 2023, primarily due to the same
                                       reasons explained in the three-month period above.




                                           A  22                                     P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


UNITED STATES (CONTINUING OPERATIONS)
Net earnings from continuing operations in the three-month period ended June 30, 2024 increased by US$80 million
(C$113 million) to US$200 million (C$274 million), compared with the corresponding quarter in 2023. Adjusted net earnings




                                                                                                                                    PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
were US$236 million (C$324 million) in the three-month period ended June 30, 2024, an increase of US$38 million
(C$59 million), compared with the corresponding quarter in 2023, primarily due to:
  Increased fee income driven by higher equity markets;
  A US$22 million (C$30 million) fee income adjustment related to the acquired Prudential business; and
  Dividends on Franklin Templeton shares of US$9 million (C$12 million), and growth in the business;
  Partially offset by US$29 million (C$40 million) of credit-related impacts on commercial mortgage loans in the second
    quarter of 2024 and higher paid crediting rates resulting in lower spread income.
Adjusted net earnings in the three-month period ended June 30, 2024 excluded Adjustments of negative US$36 million
(C$50 million), compared with negative US$78 million (C$104 million) in the corresponding quarter in 2023. The decrease in
negative Adjustments was primarily due to the non-recurrence of a 2023 provision related to Empower’s sale of substantially
all of its individual life and annuity business in 2019.
Net earnings from continuing operations in the six-month period ended June 30, 2024 increased by US$124 million
(C$176 million) to US$372 million (C$507 million), compared with the corresponding period in 2023. Adjusted net earnings
were US$447 million (C$610 million) in the six-month period ended June 30, 2024, an increase of US$86 million
(C$127 million), compared with the corresponding period in 2023, primarily due to the same reasons explained in the three-
month period above as well as higher earnings on surplus assets.
Adjusted net earnings in the six-month period ended June 30, 2024 excluded Adjustments of negative US$75 million
(C$103 million), compared with negative US$113 million (C$152 million) in the corresponding period in 2023. The decrease
in negative Adjustments was primarily due to the same reasons explained in the three-month period above.

EUROPE
Net earnings in the three-month period ended June 30, 2024 increased by $99 million to $201 million, compared with the
corresponding quarter in 2023. Adjusted net earnings in the three-month period ended June 30, 2024 were $206 million, an
increase of $26 million, compared with the corresponding quarter in 2023, primarily due to:
  Favourable group experience in the U.K.; and
  Higher fee income, lower operating expenses, higher contractual service margin recognized and higher surplus income;
  Partially offset by unfavourable health claims experience in Ireland and a higher effective tax rate due to the implementation
    of GMT. Refer to Part B of this MD&A for more details.
Adjusted net earnings in the three-month period ended June 30, 2024 excluded Adjustments of negative $5 million,
compared with Adjustments of negative $78 million in the corresponding quarter in 2023. The decrease in negative
Adjustments was primarily due to realized OCI losses in the prior year that did not repeat related to asset rebalancing in the
surplus account and a loss from the sale of Canada Life U.K.’s onshore individual protection business in the prior year. These
items were partially offset by less favourable market experience relative to expectations in the three-month period ended
June 30, 2024, compared with the corresponding quarter in 2023 due to increases in risk-free interest rates. Adjustments in
the second quarter of 2024 include the true-up for GMT impact for the first quarter of 2024.
Net earnings in the six-month period ended June 30, 2024 increased by $246 million to $388 million, compared with the
corresponding period in 2023. Adjusted net earnings in the six-month period ended June 30, 2024 were $403 million, an
increase of $45 million compared with the corresponding period in 2023, primarily due to:
  Growth in the group and annuity protection business in the U.K.; and
  Lower operating expenses and higher surplus income growth;
  Partially offset by unfavourable health claims experience in Ireland and the impact of GMT. The impact of GMT on net
    earnings for the six-month period ended June 30, 2024 was negative $15 million.
Adjusted net earnings in the six-month period ended June 30, 2024 excluded Adjustments of negative $15 million, compared
with Adjustments of negative $216 million in the corresponding period in 2023. The increase was primarily due to the same
reasons explained in the three-month period above and positive market experience relative to expectations from smaller
decreases in commercial property, compared with the corresponding period in 2023.




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4   A  23
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       CAPITAL AND RISK SOLUTIONS
                                       Net earnings in the three-month period ended June 30, 2024 decreased by $14 million to $155 million, compared with the
                                       corresponding quarter in 2023. Adjusted net earnings in the three-month period ended June 30, 2024 were $190 million, a




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       decrease of $13 million compared with the corresponding quarter in 2023, as growth in the structured reinsurance business
                                       and higher net investment revenue were offset by unfavourable experience primarily driven by the U.S. life reinsurance
                                       business and a $24 million impact of GMT. Refer to Part B of this MD&A for more details.
                                       Adjusted net earnings in the three-month period ended June 30, 2024 excluded Adjustments of negative $35 million,
                                       compared with negative $34 million in the corresponding quarter in 2023, primarily due to market experience relative to
                                       expectations from interest rate movements and the implementation of GMT. Adjustments in the second quarter of 2024
                                       include the true-up for GMT impact for the first quarter of 2024.
                                       Net earnings in the six-month period ended June 30, 2024 increased by $62 million to $415 million, compared with the
                                       corresponding period in 2023. Adjusted net earnings in the six-month period ended June 30, 2024 were $385 million, an
                                       increase of $25 million compared with the corresponding period in 2023, primarily due to growth in the structured business,
                                       higher net investment revenue and improved experience primarily driven by the U.S. life business, partially offset by the
                                       impact of GMT. The impact of GMT on net earnings for the six-month period ended June 30, 2024 was negative $51 million,
                                       primarily related to operations in Barbados.
                                       Adjusted net earnings in the six-month period ended June 30, 2024 excluded Adjustments of positive $30 million, compared
                                       with negative $7 million in the corresponding period in 2023, primarily due to the same reasons explained in the three-month
                                       period above.

                                       ADJUSTMENTS
                                       Adjustments are items excluded from net earnings from continuing operations in the determination of adjusted net earnings
                                       by Lifeco’s management. Refer to the further discussion above in each of Lifeco’s operating segments.
                                       In the first and second quarters of 2024, Adjustments with a net positive earnings impact of $20 million after tax consist of:
                                          In the second quarter of 2024, Adjustments were a net negative impact of $33 million, which consisted of business
                                             transformation impacts of negative $29 million after tax ($36 million pre-tax), amortization of acquisition-related finite life
                                             intangibles of $37 million after tax ($52 million pre-tax), and a negative impact from tax legislative changes [1] of
                                             $34 million after tax ($34 million pre-tax), partially offset by market experience relative to expectations of positive
                                             $28 million after tax ($45 million pre-tax), and assumption changes and management actions of positive $39 million after
                                             tax (positive $2 million pre-tax).          1




                                          In the first quarter of 2024, Adjustments were a net positive impact of $53 million, which consisted of market experience
                                             relative to expectations of positive $107 million after tax ($136 million pre-tax), and a positive impact from tax legislative
                                             changes [1] of $34 million after tax ($34 million pre-tax), partially offset by assumption changes and management actions
                                             of negative $1 million after tax (positive $3 million pre-tax), business transformation impacts of negative $49 million after
                                             tax ($67 million pre-tax), and amortization of acquisition-related finite life intangibles of $38 million after tax ($50 million
                                             pre-tax).
                                       In the first and second quarters of 2023, Adjustments with a net negative earnings impact of $563 million after tax consisted of:
                                          In the second quarter of 2023, Adjustments were a net negative earnings impact of $351 million, which consisted of
                                             market experience relative to expectations of negative $79 million after tax ($92 million pre-tax), realized OCI losses from
                                             the sale of surplus assets measured at FVOCI from asset rebalancing of $121 million after tax ($158 million pre-tax),
                                             business transformation impacts of negative $111 million after tax ($144 million pre-tax), amortization of acquisition-
                                             related finite life intangibles of $36 million after tax ($49 million pre-tax), and a negative earnings impact from assumption
                                             changes and management actions of $4 million after tax ($5 million pre-tax).
                                          In the first quarter of 2023, Adjustments were a net negative earnings impact of $212 million, which consisted of market
                                             experience relative to expectations of negative $168 million after tax ($209 million pre-tax), business transformation
                                             impacts of negative $19 million after tax ($26 million pre-tax), and amortization of acquisition-related finite life intangibles
                                             of $32 million after tax ($43 million pre-tax), partially offset by a positive earnings impact from assumption changes and
                                             management actions of $7 million after tax ($9 million pre-tax).


                                       The information above has been derived from Lifeco’s interim and most recent Annual MD&A; see Part B of this MD&A for
                                       additional information on Lifeco’s interim results. Lifeco’s interim and most recent Annual MD&A are available under its profile
                                       on SEDAR+ (www.sedarplus.ca).




                                       [1] Adjusted net earnings for the six months ended June 30, 2024 include the negative impact of $66 million, primarily related to the enactment of the GMT legislation in
                                           Canada on June 20, 2024 which is retroactive to January 1, 2024. This negative impact includes a $34 million retroactive impact for the first quarter of 2024 as a result of
                                           Canada’s enactment of legislation in the quarter. The adjusted net earnings for the first quarter of 2024 have been presented on a pro forma basis as if the legislation
                                           had been enacted in the first quarter of 2024, reflecting the impact to adjusted net earnings of $34 million. Refer to Part B of this MD&A for further details.


                                             A  24                                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


IGM Financial

OVER VIEW OF THE BUS INES S




                                                                                                                                                                            PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
IGM is a leading wealth and asset management company supporting advisors and the clients they serve in Canada, and
institutional investors throughout North America, Europe and Asia. IGM’s core business is comprised of wealth manager
IG Wealth Management and asset manager Mackenzie Investments. IGM also holds a number of strategic investments that
provide benefits to the operating subsidiaries while furthering IGM’s growth prospects. IGM has three reportable segments:
Wealth Management, Asset Management, and Corporate and Other.
The Wealth Management segment reflects the activities of its core business and strategic investments that are principally
focused on providing financial planning and related services to retail client households. This segment includes the activities
of IG Wealth Management, a retail distribution organization that serves Canadian households through its securities dealer,
mutual fund dealer and other subsidiaries licensed to distribute financial products and services. IG Wealth Management
provides comprehensive personal financial planning by offering a broad range of financial products and services in the areas
of advanced financial planning, mortgage banking, insurance, and securities. IG Wealth Management distinguishes itself from
its competition by offering comprehensive planning to its clients that synchronizes their financial lives. This segment also
includes the investment management activities of these organizations, including mutual fund management and discretionary
portfolio management services, as well as IGM’s strategic investments in Rockefeller (classified as an investment in an
associate) and Wealthsimple (classified by IGM as an investment at FVOCI).
The Asset Management segment reflects the activities of its core business and strategic investments primarily focused on
providing investment management services. This segment includes the operations of Mackenzie Investments which provides
investment management services to a suite of investment funds that are distributed through third-party dealers and financial
advisors, and through institutional advisory mandates to financial institutions, pensions and other institutional investors.
Mackenzie Investments is a diversified asset management solutions provider and provides investment management and
related services with a wide range of investment mandates through a boutique structure and multiple distribution channels.
Mackenzie seeks to be Canada’s preferred global asset management solutions provider and business partner. This segment
also includes IGM’s strategic investments in ChinaAMC and Northleaf which are both classified as an investment in an
associate.
The Corporate and Other segment primarily represents the investments made by IGM in Lifeco and the Portage Ventures
funds (refer to the section “Alternative Asset Investment Platforms”), IGM’s unallocated capital, as well as consolidation
elimination entries.
See Part C of this MD&A for additional information on IGM.


R ES U LTS

Contribution to Power Corporation
                                                                                                                             Three months ended         Six months ended
                                                                                                   June 30,         March 31,          June 30,   June 30,       June 30,
                                                                                                      2024              2024              2023       2024           2023

Average direct ownership (%)                                                                           62.5              62.2             62.1       62.3           62.2
Contribution to earnings
  Net earnings from continuing operations                                                              136                   134            80       270              201
  Adjusted net earnings from continuing operations                                                     139                   133           135       272              258


Dividend received                                                                                                                                    166              166

                                                                                                                                                  June 30,   December 31,
As at                                                                                                                                                2024          2023

Contribution to holding company balance sheets
  Investment in IGM, carrying value                                                                                                                3,849           3,702
  % of total holding company assets                                                                                                                  14.1           13.8

  Investment in IGM, fair value                                                                                                                    5,587           5,179
  % of total holding company assets, at fair value                                                                                                   14.5           12.8




                             P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                    A  25
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       Reconciliation of contribution to net earnings and adjusted net earnings of Power Corporation
                                                                                                                                                                     Three months ended                 Six months ended
                                                                                                                                              June 30,         March 31,           June 30,      June 30,       June 30,




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                                                                 2024              2024               2023          2024           2023

                                       Contribution to Power Corporation’s:
                                         Adjusted net earnings from continuing operations
                                           As reported by IGM [1][2]                                                                              137                140                132         277             260
                                           Effect of consolidation [3]                                                                                2                 (7)                3          (5)             (2)
                                                                                                                                                  139                133                135         272             258
                                         Adjustments
                                           As reported by IGM [2]                                                                                    (2)                (1)              (46)         (3)            63
                                                                            [2][4]
                                           Effect of consolidation                                                                                   (1)                2                 (9)          1           (120)
                                                                                                                                                     (3)                1                (55)         (2)           (57)
                                         Net earnings from continuing operations                                                                  136                134                 80         270             201
                                         Net earnings (loss) from discontinued operations
                                           Effect of consolidation [5]                                                                               −                  (1)               (1)         (1)             (1)
                                         Net earnings                                                                                             136                133                 79         269             200
                                       [1] Based on adjusted net earnings available to IGM common shareholders.
                                       [2] In the first quarter of 2024, IGM modified its definition of adjusted net earnings to exclude its proportionate share of items that Lifeco excludes from its net earnings
                                           reported in accordance with IFRS. The comparative information for the Corporation’s share of adjusted net earnings and adjustments reported by IGM and the Effect of
                                           consolidation have been restated to reflect this change.
                                       [3] The Effect of consolidation includes the elimination of intercompany transactions and the application of the Corporation’s accounting method for investments under
                                           common control including an allocation of the results of the fintech portfolio.
                                       [4] Refer to the section “Adjustments” below for details of Effect of consolidation.
                                       [5] Represents IGM’s share of the discontinued operations of Lifeco.




                                       Adjusted and net earnings per share as reported by IGM

                                                                                                                                                                     Three months ended                 Six months ended
                                                                                                                                              June 30,         March 31,           June 30,      June 30,       June 30,
                                                                                                                                                 2024              2024               2023          2024           2023

                                       Adjusted net earnings [1][2][3]                                                                            0.93              0.94               0.89         1.87           1.75
                                                       [3][4][5]
                                       Adjustments                                                                                               (0.02)                 −             (0.31)       (0.02)          0.43
                                       Net earnings [1]                                                                                           0.91              0.94               0.58         1.85           2.18
                                       [1] Available to IGM common shareholders.
                                       [2] Adjusted net earnings per share is a non-IFRS ratio; refer to the section “Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures” in Part C of this MD&A.
                                       [3] In the first quarter of 2024, IGM modified its definition of adjusted net earnings to exclude its proportionate share of items that Lifeco excludes from its net earnings
                                           reported in accordance with IFRS. The comparative information has been restated to reflect this change.
                                       [4] See the section “Adjustments” below.
                                       [5] Described as “Other items” by IGM; refer to Part C of this MD&A.


                                       Contribution to adjusted net earnings by segments and net earnings as reported by IGM
                                                                                                                                                                     Three months ended                 Six months ended
                                                                                                                                              June 30,         March 31,           June 30,      June 30,       June 30,
                                                                                                                                                 2024              2024               2023          2024           2023

                                       Wealth Management [1][2]                                                                                   109                111                114         220             221
                                                                   [1][2]
                                       Asset Management                                                                                             85                 87                77         172             154
                                       Corporate and Other [1][2]                                                                                   27                 26                21           53             43
                                       Adjusted net earnings [3][4]                                                                               221                224                212         445             418
                                       Adjustments [4][5]                                                                                            (4)               (1)               (74)         (5)           101
                                       Net earnings [3]                                                                                           217                223                138         440             519
                                       [1] In the fourth quarter of 2023, IGM realigned its reportable segments to better characterize and simplify its business lines into wealth management and asset management
                                           segments. The revised segments reflect a realignment of Rockefeller and Wealthsimple to the wealth management segment and ChinaAMC and Northleaf to the asset
                                           management segment. These changes have no impact on the reported earnings of IGM. The comparative information has been restated to reflect the realigned segments.
                                       [2] Debt and interest expense is allocated to each segment based on IGM’s assessment of: i) capacity to service the debt, and ii) where the debt is being serviced.
                                       [3] Available to IGM common shareholders.
                                       [4] Adjusted net earnings is a non-IFRS financial measure; refer to Part C of this MD&A for additional details including a definition and reconciliation. IGM does not allocate
                                           Adjustments to segments. In the first quarter of 2024, IGM modified its definition of adjusted net earnings to exclude its proportionate share of items that Lifeco excludes
                                           from its net earnings reported in accordance with IFRS. The comparative information has been restated to reflect this change.
                                       [5] Described as “Other items” by IGM; refer to Part C of this MD&A.




                                             A  26                                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                   Q2 2024 vs. Q2 2023 and Q1 2024                                                                     Year-to-date 2024 vs. 2023

Net earnings




                                                                                                                                                                PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
$217 million or $0.91 per share, compared with $138 million or                         $440 million or $1.85 per share, compared with $519 million or
$0.58 per share in the corresponding period in 2023, an increase                       $2.18 per share in the corresponding period in 2023, a decrease
of 56.9% on a per share basis, and $223 million or $0.94 per share                     of 15.1% on a per share basis.
in the first quarter of 2024.                                                          Net earnings in 2023 include IGM’s gain of $169 million recognized
                                                                                       on the sale of a portion of its interest in Lifeco to the Corporation.
                                                                                       The Corporation eliminated this gain on consolidation.

Adjusted net earnings
$221 million or $0.93 per share, compared with $212 million or                         $445 million or $1.87 per share, compared with $418 million or
$0.89 per share in the corresponding period in 2023, an increase                       $1.75 per share in the corresponding period in 2023, an increase
of 4.5% on a per share basis, and $224 million or $0.94 per share in                   of 6.9% on a per share basis.
the first quarter of 2024.


Adjusted net earnings exclude Adjustments of a negative earnings impact of $5 million in the six-month period ended
June 30, 2024, compared with Adjustments of a positive earnings impact of $101 million in the corresponding period in 2023,
which included a positive earnings impact of $175 million in the first quarter and a negative earnings impact of $74 million in
the second quarter. These Adjustments are not allocated to segments. The following is a summary of each segment’s net
earnings and adjusted net earnings:

WEALTH MANAGEMENT
Adjusted net earnings decreased by $5 million to $109 million in the three-month period ended June 30, 2024, compared
with the corresponding quarter in 2023. Adjusted net earnings of Wealth Management include a negative contribution from
strategic investments of $3 million, comparable with the corresponding quarter of 2023. As well, adjusted net earnings of
Wealth Management in the corresponding quarter of 2023 included $4 million of net earnings of IPC, which IGM has
presented as discontinued operations. The contribution to adjusted net earnings from IG Wealth Management decreased by
$1 million to $112 million, primarily due to:
  An increase in advisory and business development expenses of $24 million to $257 million in the three-month period
    which includes compensation paid to advisors, the majority of which varies directly with asset or sales levels. Asset-based
    compensation increased by $15 million to $161 million, primarily due to increases in assets under advisement and other
    compensation changes. Sales-based compensation payments are based upon the level of new assets contributed to
    client accounts and are capitalized and amortized as they reflect incremental costs to obtain a client contract. Sales-based
    compensation increased by $3 million to $26 million. Other advisory and business development expenses increased by
    $6 million to $70 million in the three-month period, primarily due to higher compensation paid on the distribution of
    insurance products and timing of certain projects and other expenses;
  An increase in operations and support expenses of $9 million to $114 million, which includes costs that support wealth
    management and other general and administrative functions such as product management, technology and operations,
    as well as other functional business units and corporate expenses;
  An increase in sub-advisory expenses of $4 million to $47 million, primarily due to changes in assets under management;
  A decrease in other financial planning revenues of $1 million to $35 million, primarily due to an earnings decline in the
    mortgage banking operations and lower revenues from the distribution of banking products, partially offset by higher
    revenues from the distribution of insurance products. The decrease in earnings from the mortgage banking operations
    was due to negative fair value adjustments;
  A decrease in net investment income and other of $1 million to $3 million. Net investment income and other consists of
    unrealized gains or losses on investments in proprietary funds in the three-month period, and investment income earned
    on cash and cash equivalents and securities and other income not related to IG Wealth Management’s core business. It
    also includes a charge from the Corporate and Other segment for the use of unallocated capital; and
  An increase in interest expense of $2 million to $26 million, which includes allocated interest expense on long-term debt
    and interest expense on leases. Long-term debt interest expense is calculated based on an allocation of IGM’s long-term
    debt to IG Wealth Management. The allocation of debt increased during the second quarter of 2023, as a result of the
    issuance of long-term debt by IGM.
 Partially offset by:
  An increase in income from advisory fees of $20 million to $315 million, primarily due to the increase in average assets
    under advisement of 10.4%, partially offset by a decrease in the advisory fee rate. The average advisory fee rate for the
    three-month period was 98.9 basis points of average assets under advisement, compared with 102.2 basis points in the
    corresponding quarter in 2023. Fee rates are determined based on client assets under advisement levels and the average
    rate will fluctuate based on changes in a client’s assets under advisement as well as product mix; and
  An increase in income from product and program fees of $20 million to $242 million, primarily due to the increase in
    average assets under management of 8.9%. The average product and program fee rate for the three-month period was
    85.6 basis points of assets under management, compared with 85.8 basis points in the corresponding quarter in 2023.


                             P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                          A  27
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       Adjusted net earnings decreased by $1 million to $220 million in the six-month period ended June 30, 2024, compared with
                                       the corresponding period in 2023. Adjusted net earnings of Wealth Management include a negative contribution from
                                       strategic investments of $9 million, compared with a negative contribution of $4 million in the corresponding period in 2023.




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       As well, adjusted net earnings of Wealth Management in the corresponding period in 2023 included $7 million of net earnings
                                       of IPC, which IGM has presented as discontinued operations. The contribution to adjusted net earnings from IG Wealth
                                       Management increased by $12 million to $229 million, primarily due to:
                                         An increase in income from advisory fees of $38 million to $624 million, primarily due to the increase in average assets
                                           under advisement of 9.3%, partially offset by a decrease in the advisory fee rate. The average advisory fee rate for the six-
                                           month period was 99.6 basis points of average assets under advisement, compared with 102.5 basis points in the
                                           corresponding period in 2023;
                                         An increase in income from product and program fees of $36 million to $477 million, primarily due to the increase in
                                           average assets under management of 7.7%. The average product and program fee rate for the six-month period was
                                           85.6 basis points of assets under management, compared with 85.8 basis points in the corresponding period in 2023; and
                                         An increase in other financial planning revenues of $14 million to $76 million, primarily due to higher earnings from
                                           mortgage banking operations and higher revenues from the distribution of insurance products, partially offset by lower
                                           revenues from the distribution of banking products. The increase in earnings from mortgage banking operations was due
                                           to higher interest income on mortgages held prior to securitization, partially offset by the increase in negative fair value
                                           adjustments.
                                        Partially offset by:
                                         An increase in advisory and business development expenses of $45 million to $501 million in the six-month period. Asset-
                                           based compensation increased by $27 million to $318 million, primarily due to increases in assets under advisement and
                                           other compensation changes. Sales-based compensation increased by $7 million to $51 million. Other advisory and
                                           business development expenses increased by $11 million to $133 million in the six-month period, primarily due to higher
                                           compensation paid on the distribution of insurance products;
                                         An increase in operations and support expenses of $15 million to $229 million;
                                         An increase in sub-advisory expenses of $6 million to $92 million, primarily due to changes in assets under management;
                                         An increase in interest expense of $5 million to $52 million, primarily due to the same reason explained in the three-
                                           month period above; and
                                         An increase in income taxes of $4 million to $83 million.

                                       ASSET MANAGEMENT
                                       The Asset Management segment includes the fees received from IGM’s mutual funds, Wealth Management segment and
                                       third parties for investment management services.
                                       Adjusted net earnings increased by $8 million to $85 million in the three-month period ended June 30, 2024, compared with
                                       the corresponding quarter in 2023. Adjusted net earnings of Asset Management include a positive contribution of $29 million
                                       from strategic investments, compared with $27 million in the corresponding quarter in 2023. The adjusted net earnings of
                                       Mackenzie increased by $6 million to $56 million, primarily due to:
                                         An increase in net asset management fees, which is asset management fees offset by dealer compensation expenses, of
                                           $6 million to $191 million. Net asset management fees – third party were $162 million, an increase of $5 million compared
                                           with the corresponding quarter in 2023, primarily due to an increase in the average assets under management of 5.5%,
                                           partially offset by a decrease in the net asset management fee rate. Mackenzie’s net asset management fee rate was
                                           53.0 basis points for the three months ended June 30, 2024, compared with 54.3 basis points in the corresponding
                                           quarter in 2023. Asset management fees – Wealth Management were $29 million, an increase of $1 million from the
                                           corresponding quarter in 2023; and
                                         An increase in net investment income and other of $3 million to $4 million. Net investment income and other primarily
                                           includes investment returns related to Mackenzie’s investments in proprietary funds, which are generally made in the
                                           process of launching a fund and are sold as third-party investors subscribe.
                                         Partially offset by an increase in expenses of $2 million to $113 million, primarily due to an increase in operations and
                                           support expenses of $1 million in the three-month period. Operations and support expenses include costs associated
                                           with business operations, including technology and business processes, in-house investment management and product
                                           shelf management, corporate management and support functions. These expenses primarily reflect compensation,
                                           technology and other service provider expenses.




                                           A  28                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


Adjusted net earnings increased by $18 million to $172 million in the six-month period ended June 30, 2024, compared with
the corresponding period in 2023. Adjusted net earnings of Asset Management include a positive contribution of $58 million
from strategic investments, compared with $56 million in the corresponding period in 2023. The adjusted net earnings of




                                                                                                                                                                      PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
Mackenzie increased by $15 million to $113 million, primarily due to:
   An increase in net asset management fees, which is asset management fees offset by dealer compensation expenses, of
       $11 million to $380 million. Net asset management fees – third party were $322 million, an increase of $10 million
       compared with the corresponding period in 2023, primarily due to an increase in the average assets under management
       of 5.0%, partially offset by a decrease in the net asset management fee rate. Mackenzie’s net asset management fee rate
       was 53.1 basis points for the six months ended June 30, 2024, compared with 54.3 basis points in the corresponding period
       in 2023. Asset management fees – Wealth Management were $58 million, an increase of $1 million from the corresponding
       period in 2023;
   An increase in net investment income and other of $5 million to $11 million; and
   A decrease in expenses of $4 million to $224 million, primarily due to a decrease in operations and support expenses of
       $3 million and a decrease in advisory and business development expenses of $1 million in the six-month period. Advisory
       and business development expenses primarily include wholesale distribution activities which vary directly with assets or
       sales levels.
   Partially offset by an increase in income taxes of $4 million to $40 million.

ASSETS UNDER MANAGEMENT AND ADVISEMENT
Assets under advisement (AUA) are a key performance indicator for the Wealth Management segment.
Assets under management (AUM) are the key driver of the Asset Management segment and an additional driver of revenues
and expenses within the Wealth Management segment in relation to its investment management activities. Refer to the section
“Other Measures” for a definition of AUM and AUA.
Total assets under management and advisement (AUM&A) were as follows:
                                                                                                            June 30,              March 31,   June 30,    March 31,
(In billions of dollars)                                                                                       2024                   2024       2023         2023

Wealth Management [1]
  IG Wealth Management AUM                                                                                     114.7                 113.6     104.8         104.1
  IG Wealth Management other AUA                                                                                15.0                  14.4       12.0         11.8
Assets under advisement                                                                                        129.7                 128.0     116.8         115.9
Asset Management
  Third-party AUM                                                                                              122.7                 124.2     116.6         117.0
  Sub-advisory and AUM to Wealth Management                                                                     79.4                  79.5       76.7         76.8
Assets under management                                                                                        202.1                 203.7     193.3         193.8
Consolidated [1][2]
  Assets under management                                                                                      237.4                 237.7     222.6         222.3
                                                          [3]
  Assets under management and advisement                                                                       252.4                 252.2     234.7         234.1
[1] Excludes AUM and AUM&A of IPC, reported as discontinued operations by IGM in 2023; comparative information presented has been restated to exclude IPC.
[2] Represents the consolidated AUM&A of IGM. In the Wealth Management segment, assets under management is a component part of assets under advisement. All
    instances where the Asset Management segment is providing investment management services or distributing its products through the Wealth Management segment
    are eliminated in IGM’s reporting such that there is no double counting of the same client savings held at IGM’s operating companies.
[3] Includes adjustment representing the elimination of double counting where business is reflected within multiple segments.




                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                          A  29
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       Total average assets under management and advisement were as follows:
                                                                                                                                                                  2024                                        2023
                                       (In billions of dollars)                                                                                       Q2            Q1              Q4          Q3      Q2      Q1




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                   [1]
                                       Wealth Management
                                         IG Wealth Management AUA                                                                                  128.1         124.0          117.1         116.9   116.1   114.7
                                         IG Wealth Management AUM                                                                                  113.5         110.0          104.2         104.7   104.2   103.3
                                       Asset Management
                                         Third-party AUM                                                                                           122.8         121.0          114.1         115.5   116.3   115.7
                                         Total AUM                                                                                                 201.8         198.9          189.3         191.9   193.1   192.0
                                                          [1][2]
                                       Consolidated
                                         Assets under management                                                                                   236.3         231.0          219.2         221.5   221.8   220.2
                                                                                             [3]
                                         Assets under management and advisement                                                                    250.9         245.0          232.1         233.7   233.6   231.6
                                       [1] Excludes AUM and AUM&A of IPC, reported as discontinued operations by IGM in 2023; comparative information presented has been restated to exclude IPC.
                                       [2] Represents the consolidated AUM&A of IGM. All instances where the Asset Management segment is providing investment management services or distributing its
                                           products through the Wealth Management segment are eliminated in IGM’s reporting such that there is no double counting of the same client savings held at IGM’s
                                           operating companies.
                                       [3] Includes adjustment representing the elimination of double counting where business is reflected within multiple segments.



                                       ADJUSTMENTS
                                       Adjustments are items excluded from net earnings in the determination of adjusted net earnings by IGM’s management.
                                       In the second quarter of 2024, adjusted net earnings excludes a negative impact of $4 million after tax ($4 million pre-tax),
                                       comprised of:
                                          IGM’s proportionate share of Rockefeller’s one-time debt refinancing costs of $3 million, related to the early repayment
                                              of one of Rockefeller’s financing facilities; and
                                          IGM’s proportionate share of Lifeco’s adjustments of $1 million.
                                       In the first quarter of 2024, adjusted net earnings excluded a negative impact of $1 million related to IGM’s proportionate
                                       share of Lifeco’s adjustments.
                                       In the second quarter of 2023, adjusted net earnings excluded a negative impact of $74 million after tax ($100 million pre-
                                       tax), comprised of:
                                          Restructuring and other charges of $76 million after tax ($103 million pre-tax), related to further streamlining and
                                              simplifying IGM’s operating model to better align with its business priorities.
                                          A decrease of $6 million after tax ($6 million pre-tax) recorded on a prospective basis related to the gain recognized by
                                              IGM in the first quarter on the sale of a portion of its investment in Lifeco to the Corporation. The Corporation has not
                                              included the amount of the gain on the sale of Lifeco in its Adjustments as this gain was eliminated on consolidation.
                                          An adjustment related to Lifeco’s IFRS 17 impact of $15 million after tax ($15 million pre-tax), representing a change in
                                              estimate which IGM recorded on a prospective basis. This adjustment has been eliminated by the Corporation on
                                              consolidation in the effect of consolidation.
                                          IGM’s proportionate share of Lifeco’s adjustments of $6 million after tax ($6 million pre-tax).
                                       In the first quarter of 2023, adjusted net earnings excluded a positive impact of $175 million after tax ($179 million pre-tax)
                                       related to IGM’s sale of a portion of its investment in Lifeco to the Corporation. The Corporation has not included the amount
                                       of the gain on the sale of Lifeco in its Adjustments as this gain was eliminated on consolidation.


                                       The information above has been derived from IGM’s interim and most recent Annual MD&A; see Part C of this MD&A for
                                       additional information on IGM’s interim results. IGM’s interim and most recent Annual MD&A are available under its profile
                                       on SEDAR+ (www.sedarplus.ca).




                                             A  30                                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


GBL

OVER VIEW OF THE BUS INES S




                                                                                                                                                                   PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
GBL is an established investment holding company. As a leading and active investor in Europe, GBL is focused on long-term
value creation with the support of a stable family shareholder base and considers ESG factors as being inextricably linked to
value creation. GBL aims to grow its diversified high-quality portfolio of listed, private and alternative investments. GBL
Capital, the group’s alternative assets activity, provides additional sources of diversification to GBL’s portfolio. In addition,
GBL is developing its third-party asset management activity through Sienna Investment Managers, a wholly owned subsidiary.
GBL’s portfolio is composed of global companies, leaders in their sectors, in which GBL can contribute to value creation by
being an active professional investor.
At June 30, 2024, GBL’s portfolio was mainly comprised of the following investments (% equity ownership):

PUBLICLY LISTED
     Imerys (EPA: NK) (54.7%) – industrial mineral-based specialty                                Umicore (EBR: UMI) (15.9%) – automotive catalysts, cathode
      solutions                                                                                     materials for batteries and precious metals recycling
     SGS (SIX: SGSN) (18.9%) – testing, inspection and certification                              Concentrix (NASDAQ: CNXC) (13.3%) – global provider of
      solutions                                                                                     customer experience (CX) solutions and technologies
     Pernod Ricard (EPA: RI) (6.8%) – spirits                                                     Ontex (EBR: ONTEX) (19.98%) – provider of personal hygiene
     adidas (XETR: ADS) (5.1%) – design, development and distribution                              solutions
      of sporting goods


PRIVATELY HELD
     Affidea (99.0%) – provider of advanced diagnostics and                                       Parques Reunidos (23.0%) – operator of leisure parks
      outpatient services                                                                          Voodoo (15.6%) – developer and publisher of mobile games
     Sanoptis (83.2%) – provider of ophthalmology services
     Canyon (48.8%) – direct-to-consumer manufacturer of
      premium bicycles


Through GBL Capital and Sienna Investment Managers, GBL has expanded its activities into alternative asset management
and is developing an alternative investment portfolio including investments in funds externally managed and direct co-
investments in private equity, and offers a full range of investment strategies with a strong ESG focus through its multi-
expertise third-party asset managers. Strategies managed by Sienna Investment Managers include listed assets, private
equity, private credit, venture capital and real estate.
GBL reported a net asset value (refer to the section “Other Measures”) at June 30, 2024 of €15,764 million or €113.90 per
share, compared with €16,671 million or €113.64 per share at December 31, 2023.
GBL’s financial results and other disclosures are derived from publicly disclosed information, as issued by GBL in its half-year
report at June 30, 2024. Further information on GBL’s results is available on its website (www.gbl.com).




                                P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                              A  31
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       2024 DEVELOPMENTS
                                          Portfolio Rotation: During the first and second quarters of 2024, GBL continued to rotate its portfolio, and completed the
                                               disposal of a portion of its interest in adidas, reducing its interest from 7.6% at December 31, 2023 to 5.1% at June 30,




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                               2024, generating total proceeds of approximately €1.0 billion and a net capital gain of €630 million for GBL (no impact
                                               on the net consolidated result in accordance with IFRS 9).
                                          Dividend increase: GBL announced that it will propose a dividend of €5.00 per share, an increase of 82.0%, for fiscal year
                                               2024, reflecting its policy of allowing exceptional dividends, funded from its cash earnings and gains on disposals of a
                                               portion of its interest in adidas. The proposed dividend is subject to approval at GBL’s General Shareholders’ Meeting in
                                               May 2025.
                                          Share Repurchases: During the first and second quarters of 2024, GBL repurchased, directly and through its subsidiaries,
                                               1.5 million shares of its own capital for a total consideration of €103 million. During the second quarter of 2024, GBL
                                               cancelled 8.3 million of its treasury shares.

                                       R ES U LTS

                                       Contribution to Power Corporation
                                                                                                                                                                  Three months ended                 Six months ended
                                                                                                                                           June 30,         March 31,           June 30,      June 30,       June 30,
                                                                                                                                              2024              2024               2023          2024           2023

                                       Average direct ownership (%) [1]                                                                        16.1              15.5               15.3         15.8           15.1
                                       Contribution to net earnings                                                                              21                 54                90           75            109


                                       Total dividend received [2]                                                                                                                                 92             92


                                                                                                                                                                                              June 30,   December 31,
                                       As at                                                                                                                                                     2024          2023

                                       Contribution to holding company balance sheets
                                         Investment in GBL, carrying value                                                                                                                     3,572           3,717
                                         % of total holding company assets                                                                                                                       13.0           13.8

                                         Investment in GBL, fair value                                                                                                                         2,150           2,295
                                         % of total holding company assets, at fair value                                                                                                         5.6            5.7

                                       [1] Average direct ownership presented does not consider the effect of the treasury shares held by GBL. The average economic ownership including the effect of treasury
                                           shares was 17.7% for the three-month period ended June 30, 2024 (16.6% in the second quarter of 2023).
                                       [2] Total dividend received from Parjointco was €62 million for the period ended June 30, 2024, compared with €63 million for the period ended June 30, 2023.




                                               A  32                                          P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




Contribution to net earnings (loss) as reported by GBL




                                                                                                                                                                                    PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                                                   Three months ended           Six months ended
                                                                                                         June 30,         March 31,          June 30,     June 30,      June 30,
(in millions of euros)                                                                                      2024              2024              2023         2024          2023

Share of earnings (loss) of associates and consolidated operating
 companies of:
     Imerys                                                                                                    40                  38             24           78            80
     Canyon                                                                                                      3                  (3)            (2)          −             (1)
     Parques Reunidos/Piolin II                                                                                 (5)                (27)            (5)        (32)           (32)
     Sanoptis                                                                                                  (18)                (12)            (8)        (30)            (1)
     Affidea                                                                                                    (5)                 (8)          (12)         (13)           (15)
     Webhelp                                                                                                     −                  −              (1)          −             9
     GBL Capital and Sienna Investment Managers                                                                (16)                30              9           14             8
                                                                                                                (1)                18              5           17            48
Net dividends from investments:
     SGS                                                                                                         −                 126             −         126             118
     Pernod Ricard                                                                                             41                   −             35           41            35
     Umicore                                                                                                   22                   −             22           22            22
     Concentrix                                                                                                  3                   4             −            7             −
     adidas                                                                                                      6                  −              8            6             8
     Holcim                                                                                                      −                  −             34            −            34
     GEA                                                                                                         −                  −             10            −            10
     Other                                                                                                       −                  −              −            −             1
                                                                                                               72                  130           109         202             228
Other financial income (expenses)
     Derivatives associated with exchangeable and convertible bonds                                              1                   1            47            2            35
     Change in value of liability to Webhelp’s minority shareholders                                             −                  −            188            −            144
     Other financial income (expenses)                                                                         54                  54             94         108             142
                                                                                                               55                  55            329         110             321
Other operating income (expenses)
     Change in value of liability for Webhelp’s employee incentive plan                                          −                  −            (38)           −            (76)
     Other operating income (expenses)                                                                         (41)                (37)          (25)         (78)           (54)
                                                                                                               (41)                (37)          (63)         (78)         (130)
Gains (losses) from disposals, impairments and reversals of
 non-current assets                                                                                              −                 30              3           30             2
Interest income (expenses)                                                                                       1                  (2)          (10)          (1)           (19)
Taxes                                                                                                           (1)                 −              −           (1)            −
                         [1][2]
Net earnings (loss)                                                                                            85                  194           373         279             450
[1] Described as “IFRS consolidated net result” in GBL’s publicly disclosed information.
[2] Attributable to GBL shareholders.



                         Q2 2024 vs. Q2 2023 and Q1 2024                                                                     Year-to-date 2024 vs. 2023

Net earnings (loss)
Net earnings of €85 million, compared with net earnings of €373 million                      Net earnings of €279 million, compared with net earnings of
in the corresponding period in 2023, and net earnings of €194 million in                     €450 million in the corresponding period in 2023.
the first quarter of 2024.




                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                     A  33
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       For the three-month period ended June 30, 2024, net earnings decreased by €288 million to €85 million, compared with the
                                       corresponding quarter in 2023. The decrease in net earnings was mainly due to:
                                         A decrease in other financial income of €274 million to income of €55 million in the three-month period ended June 30,




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                           2024, compared with financial income of €329 million in the corresponding quarter in 2023. The decrease in other
                                           financial income is primarily due to:
                                              A gain of €1 million on marking to market derivatives associated with the exchangeable and convertible bonds issued
                                                by GBL, compared with a gain of €47 million in the corresponding period in 2023;
                                              A net increase in the fair value of GBL Capital’s investments in alternative funds and direct co-investments in private
                                                equity classified as FVPL, of €59 million, compared with a net increase in fair value of €69 million in the corresponding
                                                quarter in 2023;
                                              A loss of €2 million on the mark to market of the Concentrix earnout shares; and
                                              The second quarter of 2023 included a positive impact of €188 million related to the increase in the liability to
                                                Webhelp’s minority shareholders, which was extinguished on closing of the transaction with Concentrix in 2023.
                                         A decrease in dividends of €37 million to €72 million, mainly due to a decrease in the dividend received from Holcim and
                                           GEA, partially offset by an increase in dividends received from Pernod Ricard. The decrease in the dividend received
                                           from Holcim and GEA was due to a decrease in GBL’s interest;
                                         A decrease in the contribution from investments consolidated or accounted for using the equity method by GBL Capital
                                           and Sienna Investment Managers of €25 million to a contribution to GBL’s earnings of negative €16 million, compared
                                           with a contribution of €9 million for the corresponding quarter in 2023;
                                         A decrease in the contribution from Sanoptis to GBL’s earnings of €10 million to a contribution to GBL of negative
                                           €18 million, compared with a negative contribution of €8 million for the corresponding quarter in 2023; and
                                         A decrease in the contribution from gains (losses) from disposals, impairments and reversals of non-current assets of
                                           €3 million to a contribution to GBL of nil, compared with a contribution of €3 million for the corresponding quarter in 2023.
                                        Partially offset by:
                                         A decrease in other operating expenses of €22 million to €41 million. The second quarter of 2023 included a negative
                                           impact of €38 million related to the increase in liabilities recorded for Webhelp’s employee incentive plan, which was
                                           extinguished at the closing of the transaction with Concentrix in 2023;
                                         An increase in the contribution from Imerys to GBL’s earnings of €16 million to a contribution to GBL of €40 million,
                                           compared with a contribution of €24 million for the corresponding quarter in 2023;
                                         A decrease in the negative contribution from Affidea to GBL’s earnings of €7 million to a contribution to GBL of negative
                                           €5 million, compared with a contribution of negative €12 million for the corresponding quarter in 2023; and
                                         An increase in the contribution from Canyon to GBL’s earnings of €5 million to a contribution to GBL of €3 million,
                                           compared with a negative contribution of €2 million for the corresponding quarter in 2023.
                                       For the six-month period ended June 30, 2024, net earnings decreased by €171 million to €279 million, compared with the
                                       corresponding period in 2023. The decrease in net earnings was mainly due to:
                                         A decrease in other financial income of €211 million to income of €110 million in the six-month period ended June 30,
                                           2024, compared with financial income of €321 million in the corresponding period in 2023. The decrease in other
                                           financial income is primarily due to:
                                              A gain of €2 million on marking to market derivatives associated with the exchangeable and convertible bonds issued
                                                by GBL, compared with a gain of €35 million in the corresponding period in 2023;
                                              A net increase in the fair value of GBL Capital’s investments in alternative funds and direct co-investments in private
                                                equity classified as FVPL, of €120 million, compared with a net increase in fair value of €102 million in the
                                                corresponding period in 2023;
                                              A loss of €15 million on the mark to market of the Concentrix earnout shares; and
                                              The six-month period ended June 30, 2023 included a positive impact of €144 million related to the increase in the
                                                liability to Webhelp’s minority shareholders, which was extinguished on closing of the transaction with Concentrix in 2023.
                                         A decrease in the contribution from Sanoptis to GBL’s earnings of €29 million to a contribution to GBL of negative
                                           €30 million, compared with a negative contribution of €1 million for the corresponding period in 2023;
                                         A decrease in dividends of €26 million to €202 million, mainly due to a decrease in the dividend received from Holcim
                                           and GEA, partially offset by an increase in dividends received from SGS, Pernod Ricard and Concentrix;
                                         A decrease in the contribution from Webhelp of €9 million as it was deconsolidated in the third quarter of 2023 following
                                           the closing of the transaction with Concentrix; and
                                         A decrease in the contribution from Imerys to GBL’s earnings of €2 million to a contribution to GBL of €78 million,
                                           compared with a contribution of €80 million for the corresponding period in 2023.


                                           A  34                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


 Partially offset by:
  A decrease in other operating expenses of €52 million to €78 million. Other operating expenses in the six-month period
    ended June 30, 2024 includes an expense of €17 million related to a new carry structure implemented in January 2024.




                                                                                                                                                                      PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
    The six-month period of 2023 included an increase in liabilities recorded for Webhelp’s employee incentive plan of
    €76 million, which was extinguished at the closing of the transaction with Concentrix in 2023;
  An increase in the contribution from gains (losses) from disposals, impairments and reversals of non-current assets of
    €28 million to a contribution to GBL of €30 million, compared with a contribution of €2 million in the corresponding
    period in 2023. The gain in the first quarter of 2024 relates to the sale of one investment by GBL Capital;
  An increase in the contribution from investments consolidated or accounted for using the equity method by GBL Capital
    and Sienna Investment Managers of €6 million to a contribution to GBL’s earnings of €14 million, compared with a
    contribution of €8 million for the corresponding period in 2023; and
  A decrease in the negative contribution from Affidea to GBL’s earnings of €2 million to a contribution to GBL of negative
    €13 million, compared with a contribution of negative €15 million for the corresponding period in 2023.

Average Exchange Rates
The average exchange rates for the three-month and six-month periods ended June 30, 2024 and 2023 were as follows:
                                                                                                            Three months ended                    Six months ended
                                                                                       June 30,         June 30,                  June 30,   June 30,
                                                                                          2024             2023        Change %      2024       2023     Change %

Euro/CAD                                                                                1.4730           1.4621             0.7   1.4686     1.4568             0.8



The information above has been derived from GBL’s publicly disclosed financial information, as issued by GBL in its half-year
report at June 30, 2024. Further information on GBL’s results is available on its website (www.gbl.com).



OTHER COMPONENTS OF EARNINGS

Sagard and Power Sustainable
The Corporation, through its alternative asset investment platforms, Sagard and Power Sustainable, is developing alternative
asset management businesses which build upon the investment capabilities that have been created over many years in several
high-growth asset classes. The alternative asset investment platforms are focused on growing their asset management
businesses through raising third-party capital as well as the expansion of strategies and asset classes:
  Sagard is a multi-strategy alternative asset management firm with professionals principally located in Canada, the U.S.,
    Europe and the Middle East. Sagard has active strategies in venture capital, private equity, private credit and real estate.
    Sagard also engages in private wealth management and holds strategic interests in other alternative asset management
    businesses. Sagard looks to generate attractive returns by matching investment opportunities with flexible capital
    solutions and pairing entrepreneurs with teams that have deep industry knowledge.
  Power Sustainable is a climate-focused investment manager with offices in Canada and the U.S. Power Sustainable
    finances companies and projects aiming for both competitive returns and positive sustainability outcomes, and offers
    institutional investors exposure to alternative assets which aim to accelerate and scale sustainable solutions across
    multiple industries. Power Sustainable is currently comprised of three strategies: Power Sustainable Energy Infrastructure,
    Power Sustainable Infrastructure Credit and Power Sustainable Lios (agri-food).
Sagard and Power Sustainable comprise the results of the investment platforms, which include income earned from asset
management and investing activities. Earnings from asset management activities include income earned from management
fees and carried interest, net of investment platform expenses. Earnings from investing activities comprise income earned on
the capital invested by the Corporation (proprietary capital) in the investment funds managed by each platform and the share
of earnings (losses) of controlled and consolidated subsidiaries held within the investment platforms.




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                               A  35
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       2024 DEVELOPMENTS

                                       Sagard




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                         In January 2024, SHMI completed the previously announced transaction to acquire a strategic interest in Performance
                                           Equity Management, LLC (PEM), a global, multi-product, private equity investment firm. Sagard’s investment in PEM
                                           marks its establishment of a fund of funds, secondary and co-investment platform. The agreement includes a path for
                                           Sagard to acquire all of the remaining equity of PEM on December 31, 2028. Upon the closing of the transaction, the
                                           Corporation has determined that it has control of PEM, through Sagard, in accordance with IFRS 10, Consolidated
                                           Financial Statements. As a result, the Corporation has consolidated PEM on the date of the acquisition. PEM had
                                           $12.3 billion (US$9.0 billion) of assets under management at June 30, 2024.
                                         On March 8, 2024, SHMI completed the acquisition of a 40% interest and strategic partnership with HalseyPoint Asset
                                           Management, LLC (HalseyPoint), a U.S.-based collateralized loan obligations (CLO) manager. The HalseyPoint CLO
                                           strategy broadens Sagard’s credit offering, which includes opportunistic credit and senior lending products across North
                                           America. Upon the closing of the transaction, the Corporation has determined that it has joint control of HalseyPoint,
                                           through Sagard. As a result, the Corporation’s investment in HalseyPoint is accounted for using the equity method.
                                           HalseyPoint had $4.3 billion (US$3.1 billion) of assets under management at June 30, 2024.
                                         In the second quarter of 2024, Sagard and Export Development Canada (EDC) announced a strategic partnership
                                           including EDC’s commitment of US$250 million into Sagard’s strategies. Sagard and EDC have committed to a partnership
                                           to share their ecosystem connections and expertise with the objective of helping Canadian companies access capital and
                                           resources necessary to scale and export their products and services. EDC is expected to deploy this commitment over
                                           the next 3 years.

                                       Power Sustainable
                                         In the first quarter of 2024, Power Sustainable made a strategic decision as part of the realignment of its management
                                           business to wind down its China public equity strategy, which included the closing of its investment management
                                           operations in China. Power Sustainable is focused on growing its alternative asset management business primarily
                                           through fundraising third-party capital, and will reallocate resources to other strategies which are well positioned to raise
                                           capital and meet investors’ needs. During the period ended June 30, 2024, the investments managed through the China
                                           public equity strategy were liquidated and returned to investors accordingly. Power Sustainable recognized a
                                           restructuring charge of $14 million in the six-month period ended June 30, 2024 related to this realignment.
                                           The Corporation remains invested in China with investments in mainland China’s public equity markets through its
                                           Qualified Foreign Institutional Investor (QFII) licence. The Power group of companies also remains invested in China
                                           through IGM’s 27.8% strategic investment in ChinaAMC. The Corporation will continue to explore opportunities to deploy
                                           capital that are in line with its strategy to maximize value and meet return objectives.
                                         On May 6, 2024, Power Sustainable and Lifeco jointly announced that they had entered into a new long-term strategic
                                           partnership. Under the transaction, Lifeco became a minority shareholder in the management business of Power Sustainable
                                           Manager (PSM), with an ownership interest of slightly below 20% on a fully diluted basis, and agreed to invest in certain
                                           funds across Power Sustainable’s investment strategies in the future. This ongoing relationship will enable Power Sustainable
                                           to accelerate its growth and market penetration in sustainable private equity and infrastructure, while supporting Lifeco’s
                                           value creation strategy as part of a responsible transition. As part of the transaction, management of PSM acquired an interest
                                           of 4.5% at June 30, 2024. The Corporation’s interest in PSM decreased to 74.7% at June 30, 2024; the transaction did not
                                           have a significant impact on the Corporation’s consolidated statements of earnings and balance sheets.




                                           A  36                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


CONTRIBU TION TO POWER COR POR ATION
Summary of Adjusted and net earnings (loss) from Sagard and Power Sustainable:




                                                                                                                                                                                            PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                                                 Three months ended                     Six months ended
                                                                                                       June 30,         March 31,          June 30,              June 30,       June 30,
                                                                                                          2024              2024              2023                  2024           2023

Contribution to Power Corporation’s:
  Adjusted net earnings (loss)
    Asset management activities
       Sagard                                                                                                 1                   (1)          (13)                    −             (23)
       Power Sustainable                                                                                    (18)                 (14)            (9)                 (32)            (21)
    Investing activities (proprietary capital)
       Sagard                                                                                                26                    6            18                    32             17
       Power Sustainable                                                                                      (9)                (19)            4                   (28)            (16)
                                                                                                              −                  (28)            −                   (28)            (43)
  Adjustments
       Power Sustainable                                                                                      (5)                23              3                    18             (42)
Net earnings (loss)                                                                                           (5)                 (5)            3                   (10)            (85)



The following sections discuss the overview and results of the asset management and investing activities of the investment
platforms.

ASSET MANAGEMENT ACTIVITIES

Overview of the businesses

SAGARD
At June 30, 2024, Sagard had $34.7 billion (US$25.4 billion) of assets under management ($21.3 billion (US$16.1 billion) at
December 31, 2023), including unfunded commitments (refer to the section “Other Measures”), across four asset classes: venture
capital, private equity, private credit and real estate, including $1.3 billion through its private wealth investment platform
($1.5 billion at December 31, 2023). At June 30, 2024, assets under management include $5.0 billion (US$3.6 billion) and
$7.3 billion (US$5.4 billion), managed through PEM’s fund of funds, direct investment funds and separately managed accounts,
and are presented within the venture capital and private equity assets classes, respectively.
Sagard manages assets within funds, separately managed accounts and co-investment vehicles. The composition of the assets
under management by strategy is as follows:
                                                                                                                                                      June 30,              December 31,
(In billions of dollars)                                                                                                                                 2024                     2023

Venture Capital [1][2]                                                                                                                                    9.4                        3.8
Private Equity                                                                                                                                           11.9                        4.2
                   [3]
Private Credit                                                                                                                                            5.7                        5.1
Real Estate                                                                                                                                               6.5                        6.7
        [4]
Other                                                                                                                                                     1.2                        1.5
                                [2]
Assets under management                                                                                                                                  34.7                      21.3
    Power Corporation                                                                                                                                     1.6                        1.6

    Third parties and associated companies [5]                                                                                                           33.1                       19.7

Fee-bearing capital [2][6][7]                                                                                                                            23.5                      14.0
    Power Corporation                                                                                                                                     1.0                        1.0

    Third parties and associated companies [5]                                                                                                           22.5                       13.0

[1] Formerly Venture Capital & Growth.
[2] Includes inter-fund eliminations of Portage Ventures I and Portage Ventures II interests in the Diagram Funds within the Venture Capital asset class.
[3] Includes Sagard Healthcare Partners. Comparative information has been reclassified to conform with the current presentation.
[4] Includes assets managed through its private wealth investment platform, as well as inter-fund eliminations between the private wealth investment platform
     and other asset classes.
[5] Associated companies includes commitments from management, as well as commitments from Lifeco, IGM and GBL.
[6] Refer to the section “Other Measures”.
[7] Excludes the fee bearing capital of Sagard’s private wealth investment platform of $1.2 billion at June 30, 2024 ($1.4 billion at December 31, 2023).



                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                               A  37
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       Sagard’s weighted average management fee rate (refer to the section “Other Measures”) was 0.95% for the three-month
                                       period ended June 30, 2024, compared with 1.33% in the corresponding quarter in 2023. The decrease is primarily due to
                                       the change in the composition of assets under management and related fee rates following the acquisition of PEM, a fund of




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       funds manager, in the first quarter of 2024.
                                       Sagard’s weighted average management fee rate (refer to the section “Other Measures”) was 1.05% for the six-month period
                                       ended June 30, 2024, compared with 1.34% in the corresponding period in 2023. The decrease is primarily due to the same
                                       reasons discussed in the three-month period above.
                                       The following table summarizes the funds managed by Sagard and the Corporation’s interests in each of the funds:
                                       June 30, 2024                                                                                                              Interest held                            Manager compensation
                                       (in millions; except as                                                    Capital              Power Associated                                                                  Carried
                                          otherwise noted)                           Currency        Vintage commitments          Corporation companies [1] Third parties          Fees [2]                            interest [3]
                                                                                                                           ($)              (%)             (%)            (%)                 (%)                             (% )

                                       Venture Capital
                                       Portage Ventures I [4][5]                        C$             2016               470             38.0            62.0               −                2.00 Invested capital         10.0
                                       Portage Ventures II [4][6]                       C$             2018               427             12.4            16.8           70.8                 2.00 Invested capital         20.0
                                       Portage Ventures III                            US$             2021               655               2.4           15.3           82.3                 2.25 Committed capital        20.0
                                       Portage Capital Solutions [7]                   US$             2022               476             31.5            30.1           38.4                 2.00 Committed capital        20.0
                                       Diagram Funds [8]                                C$       2016-2023                375             18.9            20.0           61.1        1.00-2.50 Committed capital        nil-20.0
                                       PEM Venture Capital (PVC)
                                         PEM-PVC I                                     US$             2005              650                  −            0.3           99.7                  nil Committed capital          5.0
                                         PEM-PVC II-III                                US$      2008-2014                833                  −            0.7           99.3      0.38-0.50 Committed capital                5.0
                                         PEM-PVC IV-V                                  US$      2018-2022                473                  −            2.5           97.5      0.30-0.95 Committed capital                5.0
                                                          [7]
                                         PEM-PVC VI                                    US$             2024                98                 −            1.0           99.0      0.30-0.95 Committed capital                5.0
                                       Private Equity
                                       Sagard Private Equity Canada                     C$             2021               407               3.7           13.7           82.6                 2.00 Committed capital        20.0
                                       Sagard MidCap II [6]                              €             2006               728             22.4            25.6           51.9                 1.75 Invested capital         20.0
                                                                 [6][9]
                                       Sagard MidCap 3                                   €             2013               729               0.2           26.9           72.9                 2.00 Invested capital         20.0
                                       Sagard MidCap 4                                   €             2020               815             18.6            27.2           54.2                 1.75 Committed capital        20.0
                                       Sagard NewGen                                     €             2020               313               6.0           23.8           70.2                 2.00 Committed capital        20.0
                                       PEM Direct Investment (PDI)
                                         PEM-PDI III-IV                                US$      2014-2019                474                  −            2.4           97.6             1.00 Invested capital             10.0
                                         PEM-PDI V [7][9]                              US$             2024              163                0.1            0.9           99.0             1.00 Committed capital            10.0
                                       Private Credit
                                       Sagard Credit Partners I                        US$             2017               557             18.0             1.0           81.0                 1.50 Invested capital         15.0
                                       Sagard Credit Partners II                       US$             2020            1,167                4.3            5.2           90.5                 1.50 Invested capital         20.0
                                       Sagard Senior Lending Partners                  US$             2022               501                 −           20.8           79.2                 1.25 Invested capital         15.0
                                       Sagard Healthcare Partners [7][10]              US$             2019            1,026              10.3             0.5           89.2        1.50-1.75 Committed capital            20.0
                                       Real Estate
                                       USPF [7][11]                                    US$             2002               898               1.7           21.8           76.5        0.75-0.98 Net asset value                  −
                                       [1] Associated companies includes commitments from management as well as commitments from Lifeco ($33 million in Portage Ventures II, US$59 million in Portage
                                           Ventures III, US$143 million in Portage Capital Solutions, $50 million in SPEC, €50 million in Sagard MidCap 4, US$50 million in Sagard Credit Partners II, US$101 million
                                           in SSLP, and US$196 million in USPF), IGM ($33 million in Portage Ventures II and US$26 million in Portage Ventures III), Pargesa (€33 million in Sagard MidCap II), and
                                           GBL (€102 million in Sagard MidCap II, €192 million in Sagard MidCap 3, €150 million in Sagard MidCap 4 and €50 million in Sagard NewGen). Lifeco and IGM have
                                           invested $27 million and $264 million, respectively, in Portage Ventures I.
                                       [2] Represents the base management fees. The management fees presented for the PEM-PVC funds represent the range of base fees over the remaining life of each fund.
                                       [3] Represents the base carried interest for each fund. Sagard will receive an allocation of carried interest for the PEM funds with vintage years subsequent to its acquisition in 2024.
                                       [4] Includes an interest in Portage Ventures I and Portage Ventures II of 38.0% and 7.7%, respectively, held through Power Financial.
                                       [5] Includes investments held by Portage Ventures I, Power Financial and IGM, through limited partnerships controlled by Power Financial, in Wealthsimple.
                                       [6] During the investment period, management fees were based on committed capital. Since the close of the investment period, management fees are based on invested
                                           capital, which may include a reserve for follow-on investments.
                                       [7] Fundraising activities continue for Portage Capital Solutions, PEM-PVC VI, PEM-PDI V, Sagard Healthcare Partners and USPF.
                                       [8] The Diagram Funds include Diagram Ventures I, Diagram Ventures II, Diagram Ventures III, Diagram Opportunity and Diagram ClimateTech. Total capital commitments
                                           includes amounts committed by Portage Ventures I and Portage Ventures II. Associated companies includes commitments from management as well as commitments
                                           from Portage Ventures I ($10 million in Diagram Ventures I) and Portage Ventures II ($10 million in Diagram Ventures I and $35 million in Diagram Ventures II). Diagram
                                           Ventures I and II do not have performance fees.
                                       [9] The Corporation’s interest is held in carried interest units.
                                       [10] Represents Series I and II; the interest in the fund is based on invested capital as of June 30, 2024. During the third quarter of 2023, Sagard Healthcare Partners completed
                                            the first close of the second series raising total capital commitments of up to US$300 million. The investment period is completed for the first series which represents a
                                            total commitment of $726 million; base compensation changed from 1.75% on committed capital to 1.50% on invested capital.
                                       [11] USPF is managed by Sagard Real Estate through a management service agreement. USPF is an open-end real estate fund and generally invests all committed capital; as
                                            such the capital commitments of the fund is representative of the net asset value (refer to the section “Other Measures”).




                                             A  38                                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


The following table summarizes the activities of each of the funds managed by Sagard:
June 30, 2024                                                                                                              Commitments
(in millions; except as                                                                                                                       Distributions




                                                                                                                                                                               PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
   otherwise noted)                                   Currency              Total funded                Unfunded                   Unfunded       to date [1]        NAV [2]
                                                                                       ($)                      ($)                     (%)              ($)             ($)

Venture Capital
Portage Ventures I [3]                                      C$                       470                         −                       −             622          1,568
Portage Ventures II                                         C$                       405                       22                       5.1              55            805
Portage Ventures III                                      US$                        359                      296                     45.2                −            366
Portage Capital Solutions                                 US$                        112                      364                     76.5                −            106
Diagram Funds                                               C$                       178                      197                     52.5               76            218
PVC Funds [4]
  PEM-PVC I                                               US$                        641                         9                     1.4          1,133             206
  PEM-PVC II-III                                          US$                        814                       19                      2.3          1,769             786
  PEM-PVC IV-V                                            US$                        225                     248                      52.4              20            266
  PEM-PVC VI                                              US$                           −                      98                    100.0                −              −

Private Equity
Sagard Private Equity Canada                                C$                       144                      263                     64.5                −            138
Sagard MidCap II                                              €                      722                         6                      0.9          1,163              22
Sagard MidCap 3                                               €                      677                       52                       7.2          1,162             602
Sagard MidCap 4 [5]                                           €                      679                      149                     18.3               13            842
Sagard NewGen [5]                                             €                      210                      120                     38.2               26            277
PDI Funds [4]
  PEM-PDI III-IV                                          US$                        462                       12                      2.5             347            539
  PEM-PDI V                                               US$                          51                    112                      68.7                −             51

Private Credit
Sagard Credit Partners I                                  US$                        548                         9                      1.6            616              86
Sagard Credit Partners II [5]                             US$                        446                      819                     70.2             117             436
Sagard Senior Lending Partners                            US$                        119                      382                     76.2                −            124
Sagard Healthcare Partners                                US$                        763                      263                     25.8             174             719

[1] Excludes distributions which have been recalled by the fund for reinvestment, as well as distributions made by the fund due to rebalancing from increases in fund size.
[2] Net asset value (NAV) of the fund represents the fair value of investments held within the fund, net of any liabilities, and includes the controlled and consolidated
    investments held through the fund presented at fair value. Refer to the section “Adjusted Net Asset Value” for a description of the Corporation’s fair value adjustments
    to controlled and consolidated investments.
[3] Includes investments held by Portage Ventures I, Power Financial and IGM, through limited partnerships controlled by Power Financial, in Wealthsimple, which represents
    a fair value of $1.5 billion at June 30, 2024 ($1.1 billion at December 31, 2023).
[4] In the first quarter of 2024, Sagard acquired a controlling interest in PEM. The activities of the funds managed by PEM are presented since the inception of each fund.
[5] Total funded commitments represent the net cash funded for portfolio investments and fund expenses since inception, excluding amounts that have been recalled by
    the fund. The unfunded commitments presented for funds within the investment period, Sagard MidCap 4, Sagard NewGen and Sagard Credit Partners II includes
    amounts distributed of €13 million, €17 million and US$98 million, respectively, which are recallable by the fund.


Venture Capital (fintech investments)
   Sagard’s venture capital asset class is managed under the Portage, Diagram and PEM platforms.
PORTAGE
   Portage has a mission to empower entrepreneurs reshaping financial services by partnering with ambitious companies
      across all stages through Portage Ventures and Portage Capital Solutions.
         Portage Ventures is a global fintech venture capital investment strategy dedicated to supporting fintech innovators
            in insurance, consumer & small and medium business finance, wealth & asset management, and fintech enablers.
            Through its funds, Portage Ventures has invested in more than 100 fintech companies and investment funds.
         Portage Capital Solutions is a capital partner for fintech and financial services businesses which aims to deliver flexible
            equity capital solutions and resources to later-stage fintech and financial services companies, and will generally target
            investments over US$50 million.
DIAGRAM
   Diagram is a venture builder that conceives and launches technology companies, primarily in the financial services
      (fintech) and climate tech spaces. Diagram has launched and invested in more than 30 companies across five funds.




                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                A  39
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       PEM
                                         PEM has a venture capital fund of funds program with an emphasis on access-constrained U.S. early and late-stage
                                             technology-centric asset managers. This investment strategy, through funds and separately managed accounts, provides




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                             investors with access to selected managers, many of which are closed to new investors.
                                             Between 2005 and 2024, PEM launched six funds under this strategy, representing total capital commitments of
                                             US$2.1 billion. The investment period is currently closed for four of the related funds.

                                       Private Equity
                                         Sagard’s private equity asset class is managed under the Sagard and PEM platforms.

                                       SAGARD
                                         Sagard, under its private equity asset class, manages three strategies including Sagard Private Equity Canada, Sagard
                                             Midcap (Europe), and Sagard NewGen (Europe).
                                               Sagard Private Equity Canada is a private equity strategy investing in the Canadian middle market, with a focus on
                                                 business and financial services, as well as manufacturing.
                                               Sagard MidCap is a European private equity investment strategy which invests in middle-market business services,
                                                 healthcare, food & consumer, and industrial sectors.
                                               Sagard NewGen is a European lower-middle-market private equity investment strategy that invests in high-growth
                                                 technology and healthcare industry leaders, with investment sizes typically between €10 million and €50 million.
                                       PEM
                                         PEM manages an investment strategy which focuses on a diversified portfolio of primarily U.S. small and middle-market
                                             buyout sourced from selected asset managers, including co-investment opportunities. PEM offers this investment
                                             strategy through funds and separately managed accounts.
                                             Between 2014 and 2022, PEM launched three funds under this strategy, representing total capital commitments of
                                             US$0.6 billion. The investment period is closed for two of the related funds.

                                       Private Credit
                                         Sagard, under the private credit asset class, manages three strategies, Sagard Credit, Sagard Senior Lending and Sagard
                                             Healthcare and includes a strategic investment in HalseyPoint.
                                               Sagard Credit is a non-sponsor, direct-lending strategy focused on middle-market public and private companies in
                                                North America. It provides bespoke debt solutions across the credit spectrum in first- and second-lien loans, such as
                                                unsecured and mezzanine financings, tailored to a company’s specific needs.
                                               Sagard Senior Lending is a senior direct-lending strategy focused on middle-market companies across the U.S. and
                                                 Canada. It provides non-sponsor first-lien, floating-rate debt to public and private middle-market companies to help
                                                 fund growth and other strategic initiatives.
                                               Sagard Healthcare, a biopharmaceutical royalties investment strategy, invests in royalties and credit backed by
                                                 approved and commercialized biopharmaceutical products, diagnostics and medical devices. Sagard Healthcare
                                                 aims to accelerate the returns on innovation for owners of intellectual property, while offering investors an attractive
                                                 healthcare exposure largely uncorrelated to other asset classes.
                                               HalseyPoint, a manager jointly controlled by Sagard, manages CLOs focused on the U.S. leveraged loan and high-
                                                 yield bond asset class. HalseyPoint has raised to date seven CLOs.

                                       Real Estate
                                         Sagard Real Estate (formerly EverWest) is a full-service real estate investment platform operating in acquisitions,
                                             development, asset management, and property management in specific sub-markets within the U.S. Sagard Real Estate
                                             is headquartered in Denver, Colorado with regional offices throughout the U.S.
                                             Sagard Real Estate offers a variety of investment strategies including separately managed accounts and funds.

                                       Private Wealth Investment Platform
                                         Sagard indirectly holds a 60.3% controlling interest in Grayhawk, a private wealth investment platform offering
                                             independent, bespoke and client-centric investment solutions for Canadian families. Grayhawk had $1.3 billion in assets
                                             under management at June 30, 2024 ($1.5 billion at December 31, 2023).




                                             A  40                                P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


POWER SUSTAINABLE
At June 30, 2024, Power Sustainable had $3.9 billion of assets under management ($4.5 billion at December 31, 2023),
including unfunded commitments. Assets under management reflects the fair value of assets, net of liabilities and project




                                                                                                                                                                                              PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
debt, and includes unfunded commitments.
Power Sustainable manages assets within funds and separately managed accounts. The composition of assets under
management is as follows:
                                                                                                                                                  June 30,                 December 31,
(in millions of dollars)                                                                                                                             2024                        2023

Power Sustainable Energy Infrastructure                                                                                                             2,690                         2,748
Power Sustainable Infrastructure Credit                                                                                                               990                              797
Power Sustainable Lios                                                                                                                                264                              221
Power Sustainable China [1]                                                                                                                                −                           715
Assets under management                                                                                                                             3,944                         4,481
    Power Corporation                                                                                                                                1,197                        1,605

    Third parties and associated companies       [2]
                                                                                                                                                     2,747                        2,876

Fee-bearing capital [1][3]                                                                                                                          2,234                         2,835
    Power Corporation                                                                                                                                  921                        1,456

    Third parties and associated companies [2]                                                                                                       1,313                        1,379
[1] Power Sustainable China managed open-end funds and assets on behalf of clients through separate investment management agreements. In the first quarter of 2024,
    Power Sustainable realigned its strategies and wound down the Power Sustainable China strategy. Refer to the section “2024 Developments”.
[2] Associated companies includes commitments from management, as well as commitments from Lifeco.
[3] Refer to the section “Other Measures”.


Power Sustainable’s weighted average management fee rate was 1.0% for the three-month and six-month periods ended
June 30, 2024, comparable with the corresponding periods in 2023.
The following table summarizes the strategies managed by Power Sustainable and the Corporation’s interests in each of the
strategies:
June 30, 2024                                                                                         Commitments [1]                                      Interest held [2]
                                                                                         Capital                Total            Power       Associated             Third
(in millions of dollars; except as otherwise noted)          Currency   Vintage     commitments               funded        Corporation    companies [3]           parties         NAV
                                                                                                ($)               ($)                (%)            (%)                (%)              ($)

Power Sustainable Energy
 Infrastructure Partnership [4][5]                                C$     2021               1,800             1,013                 37.7          14.6                47.7        1,472
                                                       [6]
Power Sustainable Infrastructure Credit                         US$      2023                  720                59                  −          100.0                   −              62
Power Sustainable Lios                                            C$     2022                  285               100                  −           20.7                79.3              79

[1] Includes amounts of separately managed agreements committed within each strategy.
[2] Based on invested capital as of June 30, 2024.
[3] Associated companies includes commitments from management as well as commitments from Lifeco of $220 million in PSEIP, US$600 million in Power Sustainable
    Infrastructure Credit and $56 million in Power Sustainable Lios.
[4] NAV of the fund represents the fair value of investments held within the fund, net of any liabilities and project debt, and includes the controlled and consolidated
    investments held through the fund presented at fair value. Refer to the section “Adjusted Net Asset Value” for a description of the Corporation’s fair value adjustments
    to controlled and consolidated investments.
[5] Excludes direct investments in energy assets, which have a net asset value of $431 million. At June 30, 2024, PSEIP had distributed an amount of $80 million since
    inception.
[6] In the second quarter of 2024, the Corporation entered into a separately managed account for a total of US$120 million. The Corporation will invest alongside the fund
    on target investments. At June 30, 2024, no capital has been invested under this agreement.




                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                              A  41
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       Power Sustainable Energy Infrastructure
                                       Power Sustainable Energy Infrastructure (Power Sustainable Energy) operates a leading North American-focused renewable
                                       energy platform with 3.1 GW of utility-scale and distributed energy assets, including assets under construction, and assets in




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       advanced development projects. Through its wholly owned operating companies, Potentia Renewables and Nautilus Solar,
                                       Power Sustainable Energy has a dedicated team of over 185 in-house professionals to oversee the development, construction,
                                       financing and operation of renewable energy assets across North America.
                                         Potentia Renewables: Power Sustainable holds a 100% interest in Potentia, a renewable energy generation company,
                                            which is a fully integrated developer, operator and manager of solar and wind energy assets, active in North America.
                                         Nautilus Solar: Power Sustainable holds a 100% interest in Nautilus, a company headquartered in New Jersey, U.S. that
                                            acquires, develops, finances and manages distributed solar projects across community, municipal/utility-scale,
                                            commercial and industrial markets.
                                       The Power Sustainable Energy Infrastructure platform actively manages investments through Power Sustainable Energy
                                       Infrastructure Partnership (PSEIP) and through direct investments in energy infrastructure.
                                       The following table details the composition of the total megawatts of utility-scale and distributed energy assets managed:
                                                                                                                                                                                          June 30,    December 31,
                                       (in megawatts (MW))                                                                                                                                   2024           2023

                                       Advanced development [1]                                                                                                                                837            129
                                       Under construction                                                                                                                                      353            410
                                                    [1]
                                       Operating                                                                                                                                              1,899         1,690
                                                                                                                                                                                              3,089         2,229
                                       [1] Includes projects in which PSEIP has a joint interest representing 645 MW at June 30, 2024 (312 MW at December 31, 2023).


                                       Power Sustainable Energy earns management fees of 0.80% to 1.00% charged on the net asset value of PSEIP as well as a
                                       carried interest of 15%. Power Sustainable Energy also earns management fees of 0.85% charged on the net asset value of
                                       direct investments.
                                       At June 30, 2024, the total assets on a consolidated basis of PSEIP and direct investments were $4.6 billion ($4.4 billion at
                                       December 31, 2023).

                                       Power Sustainable Infrastructure Credit
                                       Power Sustainable Infrastructure Credit, a global infrastructure credit platform launched in 2023, targets global investments
                                       in energy, transportation, social, digital and other sustainable infrastructure. The platform, based in the U.S., targets sub-
                                       investment-grade infrastructure investments and seeks to support sustainable assets, portfolios and operating companies
                                       with tailored financing solutions.

                                       Power Sustainable Lios
                                       Power Sustainable Lios is a specialized North American agri-food private equity investment platform supporting the
                                       sustainability transformation occurring within our food system. Lios Fund I, its inaugural fund, invests in growth-oriented, mid-
                                       market companies across the food value chain in North America to drive positive and sustainable change.




                                            A  42                                             P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


RESULTS – Asset Management Activities
Asset management activities includes fee-related earnings (a non-IFRS financial measure, refer to the section “Non-IFRS
Financial Measures”), which is comprised of management fees less investment platform expenses. Asset management




                                                                                                                                                                                        PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
activities also includes carried interest and income from other management activities.
Summary of the composition of net earnings (loss) from asset management activities:
                                                                                                                                       Three months ended           Six months ended
                                                                                                             June 30,         March 31,          June 30,    June 30,       June 30,
                                                                                                                2024              2024              2023        2024           2023

Adjusted net earnings (loss)
SAGARD
  Management fees [1][2]                                                                                           56                  51             45        107              90
  Investment platform expenses                                                                                    (58)                 (55)          (46)       (113)            (93)
  Fee-related earnings (loss) [3]                                                                                   (2)                 (4)            (1)        (6)             (3)
  Net carried interest [4]                                                                                         10                    3             (2)        13              (4)
          [3]
  Other                                                                                                             (4)                  3           (11)         (1)            (16)
                                                                                                                    4                    2           (14)          6             (23)
  Loss from private wealth platform and other
   asset management activities [5]                                                                                  −                   (1)            (1)        (1)             (3)
                                 [6]
  Non-controlling interests                                                                                         (3)                 (2)            2          (5)             3
                                                                                                                    1                   (1)          (13)          −             (23)
POWER SUSTAINABLE
  Management fees [1]                                                                                               7                    7             7          14             13
  Investment platform expenses [7]                                                                                (16)                 (17)          (14)        (33)            (31)
  Fee-related earnings (loss) [3]                                                                                   (9)                (10)            (7)       (19)            (18)
  Net performance fees and carried interest [4]                                                                     (5)                 (1)            −          (6)             6
          [3][7][8]
  Other                                                                                                             (5)                 (3)            (2)        (8)             (9)
  Non-controlling interests [9]                                                                                     1                   −              −           1              −
                                                                                                                  (18)                 (14)            (9)       (32)            (21)
Adjusted net earnings (loss)                                                                                      (17)                 (15)          (22)        (32)            (44)

Adjustments
POWER SUSTAINABLE
  Restructuring charges                                                                                             (2)                (12)            −         (14)             −
Net earnings (loss)                                                                                               (19)                 (27)          (22)        (46)            (44)
[1] Includes management fees charged by the investment platform on proprietary capital. Management fees paid by the Corporation are deducted from income from
    investing activities.
[2] In the second quarter of 2024, Sagard recognized a retroactive management fee of $4 million related to new capital committed in the fundraising close of Portage Capital
    Solutions ($6 million and $3 million, in the first and second quarters of 2023, respectively, related to new capital committed in the fundraising close of Sagard NewGen
    and Portage Capital Solutions).
[3] Fee-related earnings is a non-IFRS financial measure. Items excluded from fee-related earnings have been included in Other. Refer to the section “Non-IFRS Financial
    Measures” for a description and reconciliation.
[4] Net carried interest is comprised of carried interest earned, net of employee costs which are recognized over the vesting period. Carried interest is recognized based
    on changes in fair value of investments held within each consolidated fund, and based on carried interest earned when it is highly probable that a significant reversal will
    not occur with respect to unconsolidated funds. The Corporation’s share of carried interest expense payable by the fund is included in investing activities.
[5] Includes the Corporation’s share of earnings (losses) from Sagard’s private wealth investment platform and other asset management activities as well as its interest in
    HalseyPoint.
[6] Non-controlling interests represent equity interests held in SHMI and PEM, and includes interests held in SHMI by Lifeco and management of Sagard.
[7] Certain amounts were reclassified in comparative figures to conform with the current presentation.
[8] Other includes customer acquisition, development and asset management activities provided by Potentia and Nautilus on behalf of PSEIP.
[9] Non-controlling interests represent equity interests held in PSM by Lifeco and management of Power Sustainable.


ADJUSTMENTS (EXCLUDED FROM ADJUSTED NET EARNINGS)

Power Sustainable
In the first quarter of 2024, Power Sustainable realigned its strategies and made a strategic decision to wind down its China
public equity strategy, which included the closing of its investment management operations in China. Power Sustainable
recognized a restructuring charge of $12 million and $2 million in the first and second quarters, respectively. Refer to the
section “2024 Developments”.




                                       P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                     A  43
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       INVES TING ACTIVITIES

                                       Overview




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       Power Corporation invests proprietary capital in the strategies of its investment platforms to support their growth and
                                       development as asset managers. The investment platforms’ growth strategy is focused primarily on raising third-party capital,
                                       and the Corporation expects that its proprietary capital will represent an increasingly smaller proportion of future funds. The
                                       Corporation seeks to earn attractive returns on its proprietary capital investments commensurate with the risk profile of the
                                       underlying investments in each strategy. Returns are expected to be realized over differing time horizons:
                                          Income-related strategies such as Private Credit, Real Estate and Power Sustainable Energy Infrastructure Partnership are
                                             expected to generate returns on a regular basis; and
                                          Capital appreciation strategies such as Venture Capital and Private Equity are expected to generate returns as
                                             investments are monetized.
                                       The Corporation holds investments managed by Sagard and Power Sustainable. The following table summarizes the
                                       investments held, by asset class, including the investments held through Power Financial:
                                                                                                                                                  June 30, 2024                                                December 31, 2023
                                                                                                         Investments          Distributions                                  Investments         Distributions
                                       (in millions of dollars)                                             to date [1]           to date [1]          Fair value               to date [1]          to date [1]       Fair value

                                       Sagard
                                         Venture Capital [2]                                                      388                  274                  782                      359                  274               611
                                         Private Equity                                                        1,160                 1,346                  285                    1,125                1,331               244
                                         Private Credit [3]                                                       366                  271                  158                      344                  234               154
                                         Real Estate                                                               32                      1                  30                       32                     1              30
                                         Cash and other investments [4]                                              1                    −                   23                         1                   −               23
                                       Power Sustainable
                                         Power Sustainable China [5][6]                                           420                  880                     −                     417                  372               508
                                         Power Sustainable Energy Infrastructure
                                           PSEIP [7]                                                              373                    32                 524                      335                    32              482
                                                                   [8]
                                           Direct investments                                                  1,163                   520                  431                    1,144                  514               500
                                         Other investments                                                         12                     −                   13                         9                   −                 9

                                       [1] Includes distributions which have been recalled by the fund and distributions due to rebalancing.
                                       [2] Includes investment in the controlled and consolidated subsidiary, Wealthsimple, at fair value.
                                       [3] Includes investment in Sagard Healthcare Partners. Comparative information has been reclassified to conform with the current presentation.
                                       [4] Fair value includes $22 million of cash held within the Sagard investing activities at June 30, 2024 (cash and other assets of $21 million at December 31, 2023).
                                       [5] The fair value of the investments at December 31, 2023 includes $98 million held in cash. Refer to the section “2024 Developments”.
                                       [6] Investments to date includes $182 million invested in the Power Sustainable China platform since 2005 to fund expenses ($179 million at December 31, 2023).
                                       [7] Includes the Corporation’s share of investments in controlled and consolidated subsidiaries held through PSEIP at fair value. Investments to date include amounts
                                           previously held through direct investments which were transferred to PSEIP in 2021 and in each of the third quarters of 2022 and 2023.
                                       [8] Includes the direct investments in energy infrastructure at fair value. Investments to date include funding related to the acquisitions of Potentia and Nautilus and related
                                           platform expenses prior to the establishment of Power Sustainable Energy Infrastructure.




                                             A  44                                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


FINTECH INVESTMENTS
Fintech investments are comprised of the Corporation’s investments, primarily held through Power Financial, in the Portage
Ventures and Diagram funds and Wealthsimple. The Corporation’s investments in the Portage Ventures and Diagram funds




                                                                                                                                                                                 PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
allow it to deepen its knowledge and accelerate the adoption of innovation within the Power group of companies, while
significant investments such as Wealthsimple give direct access to novel capabilities.
Wealthsimple
At June 30, 2024, Portage Ventures I, Power Financial and IGM collectively held, through a limited partnership controlled by
Power Financial, an undiluted equity interest in Wealthsimple of 55.1% (56.6% at December 31, 2023), representing a voting
interest of 59.4% and a fully diluted equity interest of 43.6%. Wealthsimple, founded in 2014, is one of Canada’s fastest-growing
financial technology companies, and provides simple digital tools for growing and managing money.
Wealthsimple continues to strengthen its presence in the marketplace and offers a suite of financial products, ranging from
investing to spending, saving and tax. At June 30, 2024, Wealthsimple had 2.5 million clients, excluding tax filers, across the
Canadian market with assets under administration of $43.6 billion, compared with $31.0 billion at December 31, 2023.
At June 30, 2024, the Power group had invested $344 million in Wealthsimple ($340 million at December 31, 2023), and had
received total proceeds of $500 million from a secondary transaction in 2021.
The fair value of the Power group’s interest in Wealthsimple was $1.5 billion at June 30, 2024 ($1.1 billion at December 31, 2023).
The fair value of the Corporation’s 15.8% equity interest in Wealthsimple, including its indirect interest held through
Portage Ventures I, on a fully diluted basis, was $563 million at June 30, 2024 ($413 million at December 31, 2023). The increase
in fair value in the six-month period of 2024 reflects public market peer valuations, as well as Wealthsimple’s business
performance and revised revenue expectations.

RESULTS – Investing Activities
Investing activities comprises income earned on the capital invested by the Corporation (proprietary capital) in the investment
funds managed by the investment platforms and the share of earnings (losses) of controlled and consolidated subsidiaries
held within the investment platforms. The results of certain consolidated funds and controlled and consolidated subsidiaries
included in investing activities are not aligned with the fair value changes of the Corporation's respective investment, due to
the accounting treatment required for the underlying investments and activities.
The following table summarizes the classification of the investments held by the controlled and consolidated funds and direct
investments managed by the investment platforms:
Investment                                                  Classification of Investments held by the fund                    Measurement [1]
                       [2]
Portage Ventures I                                          FVPL                                                              Fair value
Portage Ventures II                                         FVPL                                                              Fair value
Portage Ventures III                                        FVPL                                                              Fair value
Portage Capital Solutions                                   FVPL                                                              Fair value
Diagram Funds                                               FVPL                                                              Fair value

[1] The Corporation has elected to measure certain of its investments in jointly controlled corporations and associates held by entities that meet the definition of a venture
    capital organization at FVPL.
[2] Excludes investment in Wealthsimple which is controlled and consolidated by the Corporation.


The Corporation consolidates the activities of Power Sustainable Energy Infrastructure Partnership on a historical cost basis;
therefore, the increase in fair value of the Corporation’s interest held in PSEIP is not recognized in earnings. However, the
limited partner equity interests held by third parties which have redemption features, subject to certain restrictions, have been
classified as a financial liability and are remeasured at their redemption value. Effective the first quarter of 2024, the impact
from the revaluation of the non-controlling interests liabilities has been excluded from adjusted net earnings. Refer to the
section “Non-IFRS Financial Measures”.
Income earned from investment activities (proprietary capital) is volatile in nature as it depends on many factors, including
changes in fair value.




                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                A  45
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       Summary of adjusted and net earnings (loss) from investing activities (proprietary capital):
                                                                                                                                                                      Three months ended                Six months ended




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                                                              June 30,         March 31,            June 30,     June 30,       June 30,
                                                                                                                                                 2024              2024                2023         2024           2023

                                       Adjusted net earnings (loss)
                                       SAGARD

                                         Private equity and other strategies                                                                        25                   9                17          34             26
                                         Venture capital (fintech investments) [1]                                                                    1                 (3)                1          (2)             (9)
                                                                                                                                                    26                   6                18          32             17
                                       POWER SUSTAINABLE

                                         Public equity                                                                                                −                 (2)                1          (2)             (1)
                                                                   [2]
                                         Energy infrastructure                                                                                       (9)              (17)                 3         (26)           (15)
                                                                                                                                                     (9)              (19)                 4         (28)           (16)
                                       Adjusted net earnings (loss)                                                                                 17                (13)                22           4              1

                                       Adjustments
                                       POWER SUSTAINABLE

                                         Revaluation of non-controlling interests liabilities                                                        (3)              (19)                 3         (22)           (42)
                                         Reclassification to earnings of foreign currency gains on Power
                                           Sustainable China                                                                                          −                54                  −          54              −
                                                                                                                                                     (3)               35                  3          32            (42)
                                       Net earnings (loss)                                                                                          14                 22                 25          36            (41)
                                       [1] Includes the Corporation’s share of earnings (losses) of Wealthsimple. The net increase in fair value of the Corporation’s investments, including its investments held
                                           through Power Financial in Portage Ventures I, Portage Ventures II, Portage Ventures III and Wealthsimple, was $138 million in the six-month period ended June 30,
                                           2024, compared with a net decrease of $5 million in fair value in the corresponding period in 2023.
                                       [2] Consists of the Corporation’s share of earnings (losses) from direct investments in energy infrastructure and in the consolidated activities of PSEIP. The first quarter of
                                           2023 included the Corporation’s share of carried interest expense of $5 million, which resulted from an increase in fair value of assets held in PSEIP.


                                       ADJUSTMENTS (EXCLUDED FROM ADJUSTED NET EARNINGS)

                                       Power Sustainable
                                       For the six-month period ended June 30, 2024, Power Sustainable recognized Adjustments of a net positive impact of
                                       $32 million, which include:
                                          The closing of Power Sustainable China, a foreign operation, resulted in a recovery of $54 million from the reclassification
                                             of the related cumulative translation adjustment to net earnings in the first quarter of 2024. Refer to the section “2024
                                             Developments”.
                                          Partially offset by a charge of $22 million related to the Corporation’s share of the revaluation of non-controlling interests
                                             liabilities resulting from changes in fair value of assets held in PSEIP, and the share of earnings (losses) from the
                                             consolidated activities of PSEIP attributable to third-party investors, of which $19 million was recorded in the first quarter
                                             of 2024 and $3 million in the second quarter of 2024. The Corporation controls and consolidates the activities of PSEIP
                                             on a historical cost basis; however, equity interests held by third parties have redemption features and are classified as a
                                             financial liability, which are remeasured at their redemption value. The six-month period ended June 30, 2024 includes
                                             a charge of $8 million, related to the Corporation’s share of the revaluation of non-controlling interests liabilities which
                                             mainly resulted from an increase in fair value of assets held in PSEIP.
                                       For the six-month period ended June 30, 2023, Power Sustainable recognized Adjustments of negative $42 million related to
                                       the Corporation’s share of the revaluation of non-controlling interests liabilities, as explained above, of which $45 million was
                                       recorded in the first quarter of 2023. The six-month period ended June 30, 2023 included a charge of $31 million related to
                                       the Corporation’s share of the revaluation of non-controlling interests liabilities which mainly resulted from an increase in fair
                                       value of assets held in PSEIP.




                                             A  46                                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


Other Investments and Standalone Businesses

OVER VIEW




                                                                                                                                                                                   PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
Other investments and standalone businesses includes the Corporation’s investments held in investment funds as well as the
following equity investments in standalone businesses which are managed to create and realize value over time.

Standalone Businesses
   Peak: Sagard held a 42.6% equity interest and a 50% voting interest in Peak at June 30, 2024 (same as at December 31,
      2023). Peak designs, develops and commercializes sports equipment and apparel for ice hockey and lacrosse under
      iconic brands including Bauer. During the second quarter of 2024, Peak disposed of its minority interest in Rawlings
      Sporting Goods Company Inc. (Rawlings), a leading brand in baseball. The Corporation’s investment is accounted for
      using the equity method.
   In July 2024, subsequent to quarter-end, Sagard received a distribution of US$60 million from Peak.
   LMPG: Power Sustainable, through Power Sustainable Energy, held a controlling interest of 49.6% at June 30, 2024 (same
      as at December 31, 2023) in LMPG, an internationally recognized designer, developer, and manufacturer of a wide range
      of high-performance and sustainable specification-grade LED solutions for commercial, institutional, and urban
      environments.
   Lion Electric (NYSE: LEV) (TSX: LEV): Power Sustainable, through Power Sustainable Energy, held a 34.1% equity interest
      at June 30, 2024 (same as at December 31, 2023) in Lion Electric. An innovative manufacturer of zero-emission vehicles,
      Lion Electric creates, designs and manufactures all-electric Class 5 to Class 8 commercial urban trucks and all-electric
      buses. Lion designs, builds and assembles many of its vehicles’ components, including chassis, battery packs, truck cabins
      and bus bodies.
      At June 30, 2024, Power Sustainable also held 9,842,519 warrants. The fair value of the warrants was $2 million at June 30,
      2024 ($5 million at December 31, 2023).

R ES U LTS
Summary of other investments and standalone businesses:
                                                                                                                                  Three months ended           Six months ended
                                                                                                        June 30,         March 31,          June 30,    June 30,       June 30,
                                                                                                           2024              2024              2023        2024           2023

Other investments
  Investment funds                                                                                             2                    7             (5)         9              (5)
  Other [1]                                                                                                   17                  16            107          33             128
Standalone businesses [2]                                                                                      (5)                (32)            8         (37)             3
Net earnings                                                                                                  14                   (9)          110           5             126
[1] Includes foreign exchange gains or losses and interest on cash and cash equivalents. In the second quarter of 2023, income earned from other investments included a
    recovery of $97 million from the sale of the Corporation’s investment in Bellus Health Inc., which was accounted for as an associate using the equity method, with a
    carrying value of nil.
[2] Includes the Corporation’s share of earnings (losses) of Lion, LMPG, and Peak.


For the three-month period ended June 30, 2024, net earnings from other investments and standalone businesses was
$14 million, compared with net earnings of $110 million in the corresponding quarter in 2023. Standalone businesses had a
net loss of $5 million, compared with net earnings of $8 million in the corresponding quarter in 2023. The net loss in the
second quarter of 2024 includes the Corporation’s share of losses of Lion and LMPG, and a non-cash impairment charge of
$36 million after tax ($42 million pre-tax) on the Corporation’s investment in Lion, which reflects a decline in market value at
June 30, 2024. The negative contribution from Lion and LMPG was partially offset by a positive contribution from Peak of
$56 million, mainly resulting from a gain on the disposal of its minority interest in Rawlings.
For the six-month period ended June 30, 2024, net earnings from other investments and standalone businesses was
$5 million, compared with net earnings of $126 million in the corresponding period in 2023. Standalone businesses had a
net loss of $37 million, compared with net earnings of $3 million in the corresponding period in 2023. The increase in the net
loss in the six-month period is primarily due to the same reasons discussed in the three-month period above. The six-month
period ended June 30, 2024 included a non-cash impairment charge of $53 million after tax ($62 million pre-tax) on the
Corporation’s investment in Lion.




                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                     A  47
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       Corporate Operations (of the holding company)
                                       Corporate operations include operating expenses, financing charges, depreciation and income taxes.




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       OPERATING AND OTHER EX PENS ES
                                       Summary of corporate operating and other expenses of the Corporation and Power Financial shown on a combined basis:
                                                                                                                                                                    Three months ended                 Six months ended
                                                                                                                                             June 30,         March 31,           June 30,      June 30,       June 30,
                                                                                                                                                2024              2024               2023          2024           2023

                                       Operating expenses [1]                                                                                     (43)               (41)               (39)        (84)           (70)
                                       Depreciation                                                                                                 (2)                (1)               (2)         (3)             (4)
                                       Fair value change of TSARs, net of hedge [2]                                                                 −                  (1)               (5)         (1)             (9)
                                       Financing charges [3]                                                                                      (13)               (14)               (13)        (27)           (27)
                                       Income taxes                                                                                                 −                  −                 (1)          −              (1)
                                                                                                                                                  (58)               (57)               (60)       (115)          (111)
                                       [1] Operating expenses related to Power Financial were $30 million in the six-month period ended June 30, 2024 ($26 million in the corresponding period in 2023).
                                       [2] The Corporation has attached tandem share appreciation rights (TSARs) to certain options, which are classified as cash-settled share-based payments. The Corporation
                                           has entered into total return swap agreements to manage exposure to the volatility of a portion of its cash-settled share-based payments and related liability. The fair
                                           value change of TSARs represents the change in fair value of the liability, net of the gain on the remeasurement to fair value of the derivative instruments.
                                       [3] Financing charges related to Power Financial were $9 million in the six-month period ended June 30, 2024 (same as in the corresponding period in 2023).




                                             A  48                                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


Adjustments (excluded from adjusted net earnings)
The following table presents the Corporation’s share of Adjustments:




                                                                                                                                                                                        PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                                                       Three months ended           Six months ended
                                                                                                             June 30,         March 31,          June 30,    June 30,       June 30,
                                                                                                                2024              2024              2023        2024           2023

Lifeco [1]
  Market experience relative to expectations                                                                       19                  73            (54)         92           (168)
  Assumption changes and management actions                                                                        27                   (1)            (3)        26              2
  Realized OCI gains (losses) from asset rebalancing                                                                −                   −            (83)          −             (83)
  Other non-market related impacts [2][3]                                                                         (68)                 (36)         (100)       (104)          (135)
                                                                                                                  (22)                 36           (240)         14           (384)
                              [4][5]
  Effect of consolidation                                                                                           (1)                 (5)            −          (6)            (17)
                                                                                                                  (23)                 31           (240)          8           (401)
IGM [1]
  Rockefeller debt refinancing                                                                                      (2)                 −              −          (2)             −
  Gain on disposal of Lifeco Shares                                                                                 −                   −              (4)         −             105
  Restructuring charges                                                                                             −                   −            (47)          −             (47)
  IFRS 17 adjustment (Lifeco)                                                                                       −                   −              9           −              9
  Share of Lifeco’s adjustments                                                                                     −                   (1)            (4)        (1)             (4)
                                                                                                                    (2)                 (1)          (46)         (3)            63
  Effect of consolidation [4]                                                                                       (1)                  2             (9)         1           (120)
                                                                                                                    (3)                  1           (55)         (2)            (57)
Power Sustainable
  Reclassification to earnings of foreign currency gains on
   Power Sustainable China                                                                                          −                  54              −          54              −
                                                                       [5]
  Revaluation of non-controlling interests liabilities                                                              (3)                (19)            3         (22)            (42)
  Restructuring charges                                                                                             (2)                (12)            −         (14)             −
                                                                                                                    (5)                23              3          18             (42)
              [6]
ChinaAMC
  Transaction costs on disposal of ChinaAMC                                                                         −                   −              −           −             (14)
  Income taxes on disposal of ChinaAMC                                                                              −                   −              −           −             (40)
                                                                                                                    −                   −              −           −             (54)
                                                                                                                  (31)                 55           (292)         24           (554)
[1] As reported by Lifeco and IGM.
[2] Includes business transformation impacts (including restructuring and integration costs as well as acquisition and divestiture costs), amortization of acquisition-related
    intangible assets and tax legislative changes impacts.
[3] GMT legislation was enacted in Canada on June 20, 2024 and applies retroactively to January 1, 2024. As a result, the comparative results for adjusted net earnings and
    Adjustments for the first quarter of 2024 are presented on a pro forma basis as if the legislation had been enacted in the first quarter of 2024. Refer to the section
    “Statement Regarding Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Measures”.
[4] The Effect of consolidation reflects i) the elimination of intercompany transactions, including the gain recognized by IGM on the sale of a portion of its interest in Lifeco
    to the Corporation, as well as IGM’s share of Lifeco’s IFRS 17 adjustment; and ii) the application of the Corporation’s accounting method for investments under common
    control to the Adjustments reported by Lifeco and IGM.
[5] Effective the first quarter of 2024, the Corporation modified the definition of adjusted net earnings. Refer to the section “Non-IFRS Financial Measures”. The comparative
    periods have been restated to reflect this change.
[6] On January 12, 2023, the Corporation and IGM completed a transaction in which the group’s interest in ChinaAMC was combined under IGM. The Corporation sold its
    13.9% interest in ChinaAMC to IGM. As the Power group continues to hold a 27.8% interest in ChinaAMC, the Corporation did not record a gain on the disposal of its
    interest. As a result of the transaction, the Corporation incurred transaction costs of $14 million and income taxes of $40 million. The Corporation has recorded these
    amounts as an Adjustment.


For additional information on each of Lifeco, IGM and Sagard and Power Sustainable, refer to their respective “Adjustments”
sections above. Also refer to the section “Non-IFRS Financial Measures” in this MD&A.




                                       P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                     A  49
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       FINANCIAL POSITION




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (CONDENSED)
                                       The condensed balance sheets of Lifeco, IGM, and the combined holding company balance sheet of Power Corporation and
                                       Power Financial, as well as the alternative asset investment platforms and other, are presented below. These tables reconcile the
                                       holding company balance sheet with the condensed consolidated balance sheets of the Corporation at June 30, 2024 and
                                       December 31, 2023, which are included in Note 20 of the Interim Consolidated Financial Statements.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                  June 30, 2024
                                                                                                                                                                      Alternative Asset                                  Power
                                                                                                                                                                            Investment                             Corporation
                                                                                                                                                        Holding          Platforms and                Effect of   Consolidated
                                                                                                                     Lifeco               IGM          company                  Other [1]        consolidation    balance sheet
                                       Assets
                                       Cash and cash equivalents                                                     8,582                454              1,540                    607                  (293)         10,890
                                       Investments                                                                218,626               5,383                135                  1,652                   208         226,004
                                       Investments in publicly traded operating
                                         companies, investment platforms and other:
                                           Lifeco and IGM                                                              401                609            19,845                        −              (20,855)               −
                                           GBL [2]                                                                        −                  −             3,572                       −                     −           3,572
                                           Other                                                                       529                942              2,050                       −               (3,521)               −
                                       Investments in jointly controlled
                                         corporations and associates                                                   478              3,097                   −                 1,569                  (424)           4,720
                                       Insurance contract assets                                                     1,315                   −                  −                      −                     −           1,315
                                       Reinsurance contract held assets                                            17,180                    −                  −                      −                     −         17,180
                                       Other assets                                                                26,311               4,282                270                14,615                   (153)         45,325
                                       Intangible assets [3]                                                         4,532              1,262                   1                   840                   154            6,789
                                       Goodwill [3]                                                                11,377               2,637                   −                   594                   195          14,803
                                       Investments on account of
                                         segregated fund policyholders                                            460,231                    −                  −                      −                     −        460,231
                                       Total assets                                                               749,562             18,666             27,413                 19,877                (24,689)        790,829
                                       Liabilities
                                       Insurance contract liabilities                                             145,282                    −                  −                      −                     −        145,282
                                       Investment contract liabilities                                             87,070                    −                  −                      −                     −         87,070
                                       Reinsurance contract held liabilities                                           731                   −                  −                      −                     −            731
                                       Obligations to securitization entities                                             −             4,651                   −                      −                     −           4,651
                                       Power Corporation’s debentures and
                                         other debt instruments                                                           −                  −               647                       −                     −            647
                                       Non-recourse debentures and
                                         other debt instruments [4]                                                  9,142              2,400                250                  3,243                    (88)        14,947
                                       Other liabilities                                                           16,236               4,489                987                13,934                   (536)         35,110
                                       Insurance contracts on account of
                                         segregated fund policyholders                                             62,473                    −                  −                      −                     −         62,473
                                       Investment contracts on account of
                                         segregated fund policyholders                                            397,758                    −                  −                      −                     −        397,758
                                       Total liabilities                                                          718,692             11,540               1,884                17,177                   (624)        748,669
                                       Equity
                                       Limited recourse capital notes                                                1,500                   −                  −                      −               (1,500)               −
                                       Perpetual preferred shares                                                    2,720                   −             2,830                       −               (5,550)               −
                                       Non-participating shares                                                           −                  −               950                       −                     −            950
                                       Participating shareholders’ equity                                          23,636               7,066            21,749                   2,261               (32,963)         21,749
                                       Non-controlling interests [5][6]                                              3,014                  60                  −                   439               15,948           19,461
                                       Total equity                                                                30,870               7,126            25,529                   2,700               (24,065)         42,160
                                       Total liabilities and equity                                               749,562             18,666             27,413                 19,877                (24,689)        790,829
                                       [1] Includes consolidated investment funds and their controlled investments, Wealthsimple and standalone businesses.
                                       [2] Indirectly held through Parjointco. The holding company balance sheet includes the Corporation’s investment in GBL, which is separately presented in Note 20 of the
                                           Interim Consolidated Financial Statements.
                                       [3] The assets of Lifeco, IGM, and Alternative Asset Investment Platforms and Other exclude the corporate allocation of goodwill and intangible assets.
                                       [4] The debentures and other debt instruments of controlled and consolidated investments are secured by their assets which are non-recourse to the Corporation.
                                       [5] Lifeco’s non-controlling interests include the Participating Account surplus in subsidiaries.
                                       [6] Non-controlling interests in Effect of consolidation represent non-controlling interests in the equity of Lifeco, IGM, PSM, SHMI, and controlled and consolidated
                                           investments.




                                             A  50                                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                                                                                                                                                       December 31, 2023
                                                                                                                                    Alternative Asset                              Power
                                                                                                                                          Investment                         Corporation
                                                                                                                    Holding            Platforms and           Effect of    Consolidated




                                                                                                                                                                                            PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                  Lifeco              IGM          company                    Other [1]   consolidation     balance sheet

Assets
Cash and cash equivalents                                                        7,742                545             1,218                      639              (207)           9,937
Investments                                                                   217,868               5,260                107                   2,017               110          225,362
Investments in publicly traded operating
  companies, investment platforms and other:
    Lifeco and IGM                                                                 387                589            19,028                         −          (20,004)                −
    GBL [2]                                                                           −                  −            3,717                         −                 −           3,717
   Other                                                                           446                712             2,499                         −           (3,657)                −
Investments in jointly controlled
  corporations and associates                                                      367              3,070                   3                  1,392              (397)           4,435
Insurance contract assets                                                        1,193                   −                  −                       −                 −           1,193
Reinsurance contract held assets                                               17,332                    −                  −                       −                 −          17,332
Assets held for sale                                                             4,467                   −                  −                       −                 −           4,467
Other assets                                                                   24,739               4,599                282                   9,439              (300)          38,759
Intangible assets [3]                                                            4,484              1,251                   2                    801               152            6,690
Goodwill [3]                                                                   11,249               2,637                   −                    549               195           14,630
Investments on account of
  segregated fund policyholders                                               422,956                    −                  −                       −                 −         422,956
Total assets                                                                  713,230             18,663             26,856                  14,837            (24,108)         749,478
Liabilities
Insurance contract liabilities                                                144,388                    −                  −                       −                 −         144,388
Investment contract liabilities                                                88,919                    −                  −                       −                 −          88,919
Reinsurance contract held liabilities                                              648                   −                  −                       −                 −              648
Liabilities held for sale                                                        2,407                   −                  −                       −                 −           2,407
Obligations to securitization entities                                                −             4,688                   −                       −                 −           4,688
Power Corporation’s debentures and
 other debt instruments                                                               −                  −               647                        −                 −              647
Non-recourse debentures and
 other debt instruments [4]                                                      9,046              2,400                250                   3,017                (88)         14,625
Other liabilities                                                              15,015               4,855                986                   8,509              (430)          28,935
Insurance contracts on account of
  segregated fund policyholders                                                60,302                    −                  −                       −                 −          60,302
Investment contracts on account of
  segregated fund policyholders                                               362,654                    −                  −                       −                 −         362,654
Total liabilities                                                             683,379             11,943              1,883                  11,526               (518)         708,213
Equity
Limited recourse capital notes                                                   1,500                   −                  −                       −           (1,500)                −
Perpetual preferred shares                                                       2,720                   −            2,830                         −           (5,550)                −
Non-participating shares                                                              −                  −               950                        −                 −              950
Participating shareholders’ equity                                             22,616               6,660            21,193                    2,844           (32,120)          21,193
Non-controlling interests [5][6]                                                 3,015                  60                  −                    467           15,580            19,122
Total equity                                                                   29,851               6,720            24,973                    3,311           (23,590)          41,265
Total liabilities and equity                                                  713,230             18,663             26,856                  14,837            (24,108)         749,478
[1] Includes consolidated investment funds and their controlled investments, Wealthsimple and standalone businesses.
[2] Indirectly held through Parjointco. The holding company balance sheet includes the Corporation’s investment in GBL, which is separately presented in Note 20 of the
    Interim Consolidated Financial Statements.
[3] The assets of Lifeco, IGM, and Alternative Asset Investment Platforms and Other exclude the corporate allocation of goodwill and intangible assets.
[4] The debentures and other debt instruments of controlled and consolidated investments are secured by their assets which are non-recourse to the Corporation.
[5] Lifeco’s non-controlling interests include the Participating Account surplus in subsidiaries.
[6] Non-controlling interests in Effect of consolidation represent non-controlling interests in the equity of Lifeco, IGM, SHMI, and controlled and consolidated investments.




                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                            A  51
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       Consolidated assets and liabilities
                                       Total assets of the Corporation increased to $790.8 billion at June 30, 2024, compared with $749.5 billion at December 31,




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       2023, primarily due to the impact of equity market movement as well as currency movement, partially offset by the divestiture of
                                       Putnam.
                                       Liabilities increased to $748.7 billion at June 30, 2024, compared with $708.2 billion at December 31, 2023, mainly due to
                                       the following, as disclosed by Lifeco:
                                          Insurance contract liabilities increased by $0.9 billion, primarily due to the impact of currency movements.
                                          Investment contract liabilities decreased by $1.8 billion, primarily due to normal business movements.
                                          Investment and insurance contracts on account of segregated fund policyholders increased by $37.3 billion, primarily
                                             due to the combined impact of market value gains and investment income of $28.7 billion, and the positive impact of
                                             currency movement of $7.3 billion, partially offset by net withdrawals (net of policyholder deposits) of $1.5 billion.
                                       Insurance and investment contract liabilities represent the amounts that, together with estimated future premiums and
                                       investment income, will be sufficient to pay estimated future benefits, dividends and expenses on policies in force. Insurance
                                       and investment contract liabilities are determined using generally accepted actuarial practices, according to standards
                                       established by the Canadian Institute of Actuaries. Refer to Part B of this MD&A for additional information.
                                       Parts B and C of this MD&A include a discussion of the consolidated balance sheets of Lifeco and IGM, respectively.

                                       HOLDING COMPANY BALANCE SHEETS
                                       In the holding company balance sheets shown below, Power Corporation and Power Financial are shown on a combined
                                       basis; investments in subsidiaries are presented using the equity method. This presentation assists the reader by identifying
                                       changes in the combined holding company balance sheet of Power Corporation and Power Financial, and presents the
                                       investment activities, as well as the holding company’s assets and liabilities, including cash, debentures and non-
                                       participating shares.
                                                                                                                                                                                              June 30,   December 31,
                                                                                                                                                                                                 2024          2023

                                       Holding company assets
                                       Cash and cash equivalents [1]                                                                                                                           1,540           1,218
                                       Investment in:
                                         Lifeco                                                                                                                                               15,996          15,326
                                         IGM                                                                                                                                                   3,849           3,702
                                         GBL [2]                                                                                                                                               3,572           3,717
                                                                                 [3]
                                         Sagard and Power Sustainable                                                                                                                          1,442           1,861
                                         Other investments and standalone businesses                                                                                                             743             748
                                                      [4]
                                       Other assets                                                                                                                                              271             284
                                       Total holding company assets                                                                                                                           27,413          26,856

                                       Holding company liabilities
                                       Debentures and other debt instruments [5]                                                                                                                 897             897
                                       Other liabilities                                                                                                                                         987             986
                                       Total holding company liabilities                                                                                                                       1,884           1,883
                                       Holding company equity
                                       Perpetual preferred shares [6]                                                                                                                          2,830           2,830
                                       Non-participating shares                                                                                                                                  950             950
                                       Participating shareholders’ equity                                                                                                                     21,749          21,193
                                       Total holding company equity                                                                                                                           25,529          24,973
                                       Total holding company liabilities and equity                                                                                                           27,413          26,856
                                       [1] Cash equivalents include $293 million ($304 million at December 31, 2023) of fixed income securities with maturities of more than three months. In accordance with
                                           IFRS, these are classified as investments in the Interim Consolidated Financial Statements.
                                       [2] Indirectly held through Parjointco.
                                       [3] Includes Power Financial’s investments in Portage Ventures I, Portage Ventures II and Wealthsimple, presented using the equity method.
                                       [4] Includes $83 million of dividends declared in the second quarter by IGM (same as at December 31, 2023) and received by Power Financial on July 31, 2024.
                                       [5] Includes Power Financial’s debentures of $250 million at June 30, 2024 (same as at December 31, 2023).
                                       [6] Perpetual preferred shares issued by Power Financial.




                                             A  52                                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


Cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents held by the Corporation and Power Financial amounted to $1,540 million at June 30, 2024,




                                                                                                                                                                          PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
compared with $1,218 million at the end of December 2023 (see “Holding Company Statements of Cash Flows” below for
details).
The cash and cash equivalents held within the investment activities of Sagard and Power Sustainable amounted to $22 million
at June 30, 2024 ($120 million at December 31, 2023) and are included in the carrying amount of the investment platforms.

Investments

INVES TMENTS IN LIFECO, IG M AND GBL (A T E Q U I T Y )
The table below presents a continuity of the investments in Lifeco, IGM and GBL, which are presented using the equity method
for the purposes of the holding company presentation. The carrying value of the investments in Lifeco, IGM and GBL,
accounted for using the equity method, increased to $23,417 million at June 30, 2024, compared with $22,745 million at
December 31, 2023:
                                                                                                          Lifeco                    IGM        GBL [1]          Total

Carrying value, at the beginning of the year                                                            15,326                     3,702       3,717          22,745
  Contribution from adjusted net earnings                                                                 1,351                     272           75           1,698
  Contribution from adjustments                                                                                8                      (2)           −               6
  Contribution from discontinued operations – Putnam                                                         (48)                     (1)           −              (49)
  Share of other comprehensive income (loss)                                                                  99                     53         (142)              10
  Dividends                                                                                                (706)                    (166)        (92)           (964)
  Effect of changes in ownership and other                                                                   (34)                     (9)         14               (29)
Carrying value, at June 30, 2024                                                                        15,996                     3,849       3,572          23,417
[1] Indirectly held through Parjointco.


ALTERNATIVE ASS ET INVES TMENT PLATFORMS
The table below presents the components of the alternative asset investment platforms, Sagard and Power Sustainable. The
asset management companies, and controlled and consolidated investments held through the investment platforms, are
presented using the equity method for the purposes of the holding company presentation.
Alternative asset investment platforms are comprised of the following investments:
                                                                                                                                            June 30,     December 31,
Carrying value, as at                                                                                                                          2024            2023

Asset management companies
  Sagard                                                                                                                                       116               108
  Power Sustainable                                                                                                                              16                 −
Investing activities
  Sagard [1]                                                                                                                                   796               721
  Power Sustainable                                                                                                                            514             1,032
                                                                                                                                             1,442             1,861
[1] Includes Power Financial’s investments in Portage Ventures I, Portage Ventures II and Wealthsimple.


OTHER INVES TMENTS AND STANDALONE BUS INESS ES
The table below presents the components of other investments and standalone businesses; certain controlled standalone
businesses are presented using the equity method for the purposes of the holding company presentation.
Other investments and standalone businesses are comprised of the following:
                                                                                                                                            June 30,     December 31,
Carrying value, as at                                                                                                                          2024            2023

Other investments [1]                                                                                                                          135               107
Standalone businesses                                                                                                                          608               641
                                                                                                                                               743               748
[1] Other investments include portfolio investments in private investment funds, classified as FVPL. At June 30, 2024, the Corporation had outstanding commitments to
    make future capital contributions to these funds for an aggregate amount of $28 million.




                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                           A  53
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       Income Taxes
                                       The non-capital losses of the holding company, at June 30, 2024, were $1,420 million ($1,371 million for which the benefits




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       have not been recognized) and are available to reduce future taxable income (including capital gains). These losses expire
                                       from 2028 to 2044.
                                       The capital losses of the holding company, at June 30, 2024, were $144 million, the benefits of which have not been
                                       recognized, and can be used indefinitely to offset capital gains.

                                       Equity

                                       NON- PAR TICIPATING S HAR ES
                                       Non-participating (preferred) shares of the Corporation consist of five series of First Preferred Shares with an aggregate share
                                       capital of $950 million at June 30, 2024 (same as at December 31, 2023), all of which are non-cumulative. All series are
                                       perpetual preferred shares and are redeemable in whole or in part solely at the Corporation’s option.
                                       The terms and conditions of the outstanding First Preferred Shares are described in Note 20 of the Corporation’s 2023
                                       Consolidated Financial Statements.

                                       PAR TICIPATING S HAR EHOLDERS ’ EQU ITY
                                       Participating shareholders’ equity was $21,749 million at June 30, 2024, compared with $21,193 million at December 31,
                                       2023:
                                       Six months ended June 30                                                                                                                           2024      2023

                                       Participating shareholders’ equity, at the beginning of the year                                                                                 21,193    20,911
                                       Changes in participating shares
                                         Purchase for cancellation of subordinate voting shares under NCIB                                                                                 (74)      (52)
                                         Issuance of subordinate voting shares (1,372,215 shares in 2024 and 422,348 shares in 2023)
                                           under the Corporation’s Executive Stock Option Plans                                                                                            49        13
                                                                                                                                                                                           (25)      (39)
                                       Changes in retained earnings
                                        Net earnings before dividends on non-participating shares                                                                                        1,465      840
                                        Dividends declared                                                                                                                                (757)     (724)
                                        Purchase for cancellation of subordinate voting shares under NCIB                                                                                 (115)      (71)
                                        Realized gains on FVOCI equity instruments transferred to retained earnings                                                                       135          9
                                        Effects of changes in capital and ownership of subsidiaries, and other                                                                             41        26
                                                                                                                                                                                          769        80
                                       Changes in reserves
                                        Other comprehensive income (loss)
                                          Foreign currency translation adjustments                                                                                                        114       (144)
                                          Investment revaluation and cash flow hedges                                                                                                     (146)      80
                                          Actuarial gains (losses) on defined benefit plans                                                                                               170        (50)
                                          Share of Parjointco and other jointly controlled corporations and associates                                                                    (259)      29
                                        Share-based compensation, including the effect of changes in capital and ownership of subsidiaries                                                 (67)        7
                                                                                                                                                                                          (188)      (78)
                                       Participating shareholders’ equity, at June 30                                                                                                   21,749    20,874


                                       The book value per participating share (refer to the section “Other Measures”) of the Corporation was $33.53 at June 30,
                                       2024, compared with $32.49 at the end of 2023.




                                            A  54                                       P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


OU TS TANDING NU MBER OF PAR TICIPATING S HARES
At the date of this MD&A, there were 54,860,866 participating preferred shares of the Corporation outstanding (same as
at December 31, 2023), and 592,428,219 subordinate voting shares of the Corporation outstanding, compared with




                                                                                                                                     PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
597,387,873 at December 31, 2023.
At the date of this MD&A, options were outstanding to purchase up to an aggregate of 21,688,633 subordinate voting shares
of the Corporation, including 8,315,689 subordinate voting shares issuable pursuant to options under the Power Financial
Employee Stock Option Plan, which has been assumed by the Corporation.

NOR MAL COURS E ISSU ER BIDS
The Corporation’s Normal Course Issuer Bid (NCIB) that commenced on March 1, 2023 expired on February 29, 2024. The
Corporation repurchased 2.1 million Subordinate Voting Shares for a total of $82 million pursuant to this bid in the first quarter
of 2024 (3.5 million Subordinate Voting Shares for a total of $123 million during the six-month period ended June 30, 2023).
On March 1, 2024, the Corporation commenced a new NCIB which is effective until the earlier of February 28, 2025 and the
date on which the Corporation has purchased the maximum permitted number of Subordinate Voting Shares. Pursuant to
this bid, the Corporation may purchase up to 25 million of its Subordinate Voting Shares outstanding (representing
approximately 4.6% of the public float of Subordinate Voting Shares outstanding at February 16, 2024) at market prices. At
June 30, 2024, the Corporation had repurchased 2.8 million Subordinate Voting Shares for a total of $107 million.
In connection with its NCIB, the Corporation has entered into an automatic share purchase plan (ASPP) and may provide
parameters thereunder from time to time to allow a designated broker to purchase Subordinate Voting Shares under the
NCIB at times when the Corporation would ordinarily not be permitted to purchase shares due to regulatory restrictions or
self-imposed blackout periods. Outside of these predetermined trading blackout periods, purchases under the Corporation’s
NCIB will be completed at management’s discretion. The ASPP has been effective since March 1, 2024, the commencement
date of the NCIB.

SUBSEQUENT EVENT
Subsequent to quarter-end, the Corporation purchased, as at August 8, 2024, an additional 1.4 million Subordinate Voting
Shares pursuant to its current NCIB for a total of $57 million.


ADJUSTED N ET ASSET VALUE

Adjusted net asset value is presented for Power Corporation and represents management’s estimate of the fair value of the
participating shareholders’ equity of the Corporation. Adjusted net asset value is calculated as the fair value of the assets of
the combined Power Corporation and Power Financial holding company less their net debt and preferred shares. In
determining the fair value of assets, investments in subsidiaries, jointly controlled corporations and associates are adjusted to
fair value as follows:
  Investments in publicly traded companies are valued at their market value, measured as the closing share price on the
    reporting date;
  Investments in private entities are valued at fair value based on management’s estimate using consistently applied
    valuation models either based on a valuation multiple or discounted cash flows. Certain valuations are prepared by
    external valuators or subject to review by external valuators. Market-comparable transactions are generally used to
    corroborate the estimated fair value. The value of investments in private entities is presented net of any management
    incentives; and
  Investments in investment funds are valued at the fair value reported by the fund which is net of carried interest or other
    incentives.
The presentation of the participating shareholders’ equity at fair value is not in accordance with IFRS; adjusted net asset value
is a non-IFRS financial measure. Refer to the section “Non-IFRS Financial Measures” for a description and a reconciliation of
IFRS and non-IFRS financial measures.




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4   A  55
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       The Corporation’s adjusted net asset value is presented on a look-through basis. The combined holding company balance
                                       sheets of Power Corporation and Power Financial include the investments held in public entities through Power Financial
                                       (Lifeco, IGM and GBL), and the net debt and preferred shares of Power Financial. The adjusted net asset value per share, a non-




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       IFRS ratio, was $50.48 at June 30, 2024, compared with $53.53 at December 31, 2023, representing a decrease of 5.7%. The
                                       Corporation’s book value per participating share (refer to the section “Other Measures”) was $33.53 at June 30, 2024,
                                       compared with $32.49 at December 31, 2023, representing an increase of 3.2%.
                                                                                                                                                    June 30, 2024                                         December 31, 2023
                                                                                                                Holding                                                           Holding
                                                                                                               company              Fair value        Adjusted net               company           Fair value   Adjusted net
                                                                                                           balance sheet           adjustment          asset value           balance sheet        adjustment     asset value
                                       Holding company assets
                                       Investments
                                         Power Financial
                                           Lifeco                                                                15,996                 9,365               25,361                 15,326            12,545         27,871
                                           IGM                                                                     3,849                1,738                5,587                   3,702            1,477          5,179
                                           GBL [1]                                                                 3,572               (1,422)               2,150                   3,717            (1,422)        2,295
                                         Alternative asset investment platforms
                                           Asset management companies [2]
                                             Sagard                                                                  116                  175                   291                    108              157            265
                                             Power Sustainable                                                         16                    −                   16                       −                −              −
                                           Investing activities
                                             Sagard [3][4]                                                           796                  482                1,278                     721              341          1,062
                                             Power Sustainable [5]                                                   514                  454                   968                  1,032              467          1,499
                                         Other investments and standalone businesses
                                           Other investments [5]                                                     135                     −                  135                    107                 −           107
                                           Standalone businesses [6]                                                 608                  205                   813                    641              159            800
                                       Cash and cash equivalents                                                   1,540                     −               1,540                   1,218                 −         1,218
                                       Other assets                                                                  271                     −                  271                    284                 −           284
                                       Total holding company assets                                              27,413                10,997               38,410                 26,856            13,724         40,580
                                       Holding company liabilities and
                                        non-participating shares
                                       Debentures and other debt instruments                                         897                     −                  897                    897                 −           897
                                       Other liabilities [7]                                                         987                     −                  987                    986                 −           986
                                       Non-participating shares and
                                        perpetual preferred shares                                                 3,780                     −               3,780                   3,780                 −         3,780
                                       Total holding company liabilities and
                                        non-participating shares                                                   5,664                     −               5,664                   5,663                 −         5,663
                                       Net value
                                       Participating shareholders’ equity (IFRS) /
                                        Adjusted net asset value (non-IFRS)                                      21,749                10,997               32,746                 21,193            13,724         34,917
                                       Per share                                                                   33.53                                     50.48                   32.49                           53.53
                                       [1] The Corporation’s share of GBL’s reported net asset value was $3.8 billion (€2.6 billion) at June 30, 2024 ($3.8 billion (€2.6 billion) at December 31, 2023).
                                       [2] The management company of Sagard is presented at its fair value. The management company of Power Sustainable is presented at its carrying value.
                                       [3] Includes the Corporation’s investments in Portage Ventures I, Portage Ventures II and Wealthsimple, held by Power Financial.
                                       [4] Includes $22 million of cash held within the Sagard investing activities at June 30, 2024 (cash and other assets of $21 million at December 31, 2023).
                                       [5] At the end of March 2024, Power Sustainable made a strategic decision to wind down the Power Sustainable China strategy; the Corporation’s remaining investments
                                           are included in other investments.
                                       [6] An additional deferred tax liability of $10 million has been included in the adjusted net asset value at June 30, 2024 ($4 million at December 31, 2023) with respect to
                                           the investments in standalone businesses at fair value, without taking into account possible tax planning strategies. The Corporation has tax attributes (not otherwise
                                           recognized on the balance sheet) that could be available to minimize the tax if the Corporation were to dispose of its interests held in the standalone businesses.
                                       [7] In accordance with IAS 12, Income Taxes, no deferred tax liability is recognized with respect to temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries and
                                           jointly controlled corporations as the Corporation is able to control the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences and it is probable that the temporary differences
                                           will not reverse in the foreseeable future. If the Corporation were to dispose of an investment in a subsidiary or a jointly controlled corporation, income taxes payable on
                                           such disposition would be minimized through careful and prudent tax planning and structuring, as well as with the use of available tax attributes not otherwise recognized
                                           on the balance sheet, including tax losses, tax basis, safe income and foreign tax surplus associated with the subsidiary or jointly controlled corporation.


                                       Investments measured at market value and cash represent 90.8% of the total assets at fair value at June 30, 2024
                                       (92.2% at December 31, 2023). A 10% change in the market value of publicly traded investments would result in a change in
                                       the Corporation’s adjusted net asset value of $3,327 million or $5.13 per share.




                                             A  56                                                P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


CASH FLOWS




                                                                                                                                                                                            PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (CONDENSED)
The condensed cash flows of Lifeco, IGM and the holding company cash flows of Power Corporation and Power Financial on
a combined basis, as well as the Corporation’s alternative asset investment platforms, are presented below. These tables
reconcile the holding company statement of cash flows to the condensed consolidated statement of cash flows of the
Corporation for the six-month periods ended June 30, 2024 and 2023, which are included in Note 20 of the Interim
Consolidated Financial Statements. This presentation assists the reader in assessing the cash flows of the holding company.
Six months ended June 30                                                                                                                                                           2024
                                                                                                                                     Alternative Asset
                                                                                                                                           Investment                             Power
                                                                                                                      Holding           Platforms and           Effect of    Corporation
                                                                              Lifeco                 IGM             company                   Other [1]   consolidation    Consolidated

Cash flows from:
  Operating activities                                                       1,788                   453                   898                    (104)            (841)          2,194
  Financing activities                                                      (1,177)                 (380)                 (951)                   138             1,109          (1,261)
  Investing activities                                                         (319)                (164)                  375                     (74)            (354)           (536)
Effect of changes in exchange rates
  on cash and cash equivalents                                                 173                      −                     −                       8                −             181
Increase (decrease) in cash and
  cash equivalents                                                             465                    (91)                 322                     (32)              (86)            578
Cash and cash equivalents,
  beginning of the year                                                      8,117                   545                1,218                     639              (207)        10,312
Cash and cash equivalents, at June 30                                        8,582                   454                1,540                     607              (293)        10,890
[1] Includes consolidated investment funds and their controlled investments, Wealthsimple and standalone businesses.


Six months ended June 30                                                                                                                                                           2023
                                                                                                                                     Alternative Asset
                                                                                                                                           Investment                             Power
                                                                                                                      Holding           Platforms and           Effect of    Corporation
                                                                              Lifeco                 IGM             company                   Other [1]   consolidation    Consolidated

Cash flows from:
  Operating activities [2]                                                   2,552                   378                   745                      15             (791)          2,899
  Financing activities                                                      (2,260)                  486                  (886)                   820               707          (1,133)
  Investing activities [2]                                                      (85)              (1,486)                  581                    (884)               (9)        (1,883)
Effect of changes in exchange rates
  on cash and cash equivalents                                                  (68)                    −                     −                      (3)              (3)            (74)
Increase (decrease) in cash and
  cash equivalents                                                             139                  (622)                  440                     (52)              (96)          (191)
Cash and cash equivalents,
  beginning of the year                                                      7,290                 1,073                1,277                     493              (285)          9,848
Cash and cash equivalents from continuing
  and discontinued operations, at June 30                                    7,429                   451                1,717                     441              (381)          9,657
Less: cash and cash equivalents from
  discontinued operations, at June 30 [3]                                      (258)                    −                     −                      −                 −           (258)
Cash and cash equivalents, at June 30                                        7,171                   451                1,717                     441              (381)          9,399
[1] Includes consolidated investment funds and their controlled investments, Wealthsimple and standalone businesses.
[2] The cash flows related to Lifeco’s sales, maturities, repayments and purchases of portfolio investments have been reclassified to Operating activities to align with its practice
    of managing the matching of general fund assets with insurance and investment contract liabilities. This activity had previously been presented in Investing activities.
[3] On January 1, 2024, Lifeco completed the sale of Putnam to Franklin Templeton. The cash flows related to the discontinued operations have been presented separately.




                                     P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                           A  57
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       Consolidated cash and cash equivalents increased by $578 million in the six-month period ended June 30, 2024, compared
                                       with a decrease of $191 million in the corresponding period in 2023.




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       Operating activities produced a net inflow of $2,194 million in the six-month period ended June 30, 2024, compared with a
                                       net inflow of $2,899 million in the corresponding period in 2023.
                                       Cash flows from financing activities, which include the issuance and repayment of capital instruments, the issuance and
                                       repurchase of participating and preferred shares, the issuance and redemption of common shares, limited-life fund and
                                       redeemable units by subsidiaries, dividends paid on the participating and non-participating shares of the Corporation, and
                                       dividends paid by subsidiaries to non-controlling interests and increases and repayments of obligations to securitization
                                       entities by IGM, represented a net outflow of $1,261 million in the six-month period ended June 30, 2024, compared with a
                                       net outflow of $1,133 million in the corresponding period in 2023.
                                       Cash flows from investing activities resulted in a net outflow of $536 million in the six-month period ended June 30, 2024,
                                       compared with a net outflow of $1,883 million in the corresponding period in 2023.
                                       Parts B and C of this MD&A include a discussion of the cash flows of Lifeco and IGM, respectively.

                                       HOLDING COMPANY STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
                                       As Power Corporation is a holding company, corporate cash flows are primarily comprised of dividends received, income
                                       from investments and income (loss) from cash and cash equivalents, less operating expenses, financing charges, income
                                       taxes, and non-participating and participating share dividends.
                                       The following combined statements of cash flows of Power Corporation and Power Financial present the cash flows of the
                                       holding company. This presentation has been prepared to assist the reader as it isolates the cash flows of the activities of the
                                       holding company.
                                       Six months ended June 30                                                                                                                                   2024    2023

                                       Operating activities of the holding company
                                       Dividends
                                        Lifeco                                                                                                                                                    706      661
                                        IGM                                                                                                                                                       166      166
                                        GBL                                                                                                                                                        92       92
                                                                                            [1]
                                       Corporate operations, net of non-cash items                                                                                                                 (66)    (174)
                                                                                                                                                                                                  898      745
                                       Financing activities of the holding company
                                       Dividends paid on:
                                        Non-participating shares                                                                                                                                   (26)     (26)
                                        Participating shares                                                                                                                                      (708)    (680)
                                        Perpetual preferred shares                                                                                                                                 (70)     (69)
                                       Issuance of subordinate voting shares                                                                                                                       45       12
                                       Repurchase of subordinate voting shares                                                                                                                    (189)    (123)
                                       Other                                                                                                                                                        (3)      −
                                                                                                                                                                                                  (951)    (886)
                                       Investing activities of the holding company
                                       Distributions and proceeds from disposal of investments [2]                                                                                                518     1,342
                                       Purchase of additional interest in Lifeco                                                                                                                    −      (553)
                                       Purchase of investments                                                                                                                                    (140)    (209)
                                       Other                                                                                                                                                        (3)       1
                                                                                                                                                                                                  375      581
                                       Increase in cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                                      322      440
                                       Cash and cash equivalents, at the beginning of the year                                                                                                1,218       1,277
                                       Cash and cash equivalents, at June 30                                                                                                                  1,540       1,717
                                       [1] Includes changes in short-term receivables from, and payables to, investment platforms.
                                       [2] Includes proceeds from disposal of the Corporation’s investments within Power Sustainable China in 2024 and its interest in ChinaAMC in 2023.




                                            A  58                                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


Cash and cash equivalents of the Corporation and Power Financial increased by $322 million in the six-month period ended
June 30, 2024, compared with an increase of $440 million in the corresponding period in 2023.




                                                                                                                                                                            PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
Operating activities resulted in a net inflow of $898 million in the six-month period ended June 30, 2024, compared with a
net inflow of $745 million in the corresponding period in 2023. Dividends received from the publicly traded operating
companies include:
Six months ended                                                                                                              June 30, 2024                June 30, 2023
                                                                                                          Dividend            Total dividend   Dividend    Total dividend
(in millions of dollars; except as otherwise noted)                                                       per share                 received   per share         received

  Lifeco                                                                                                    1.1100                     706      1.0400              661
  IGM                                                                                                       1.1250                     166      1.1250              166

   Total dividend received from Parjointco was $92 million (€62 million) for the period ended June 30, 2024, compared with
      $92 million (€63 million) for the period ended June 30, 2023.
The Corporation’s financing activities during the six-month period ended June 30, 2024 resulted in a net outflow of $951 million,
compared with a net outflow of $886 million in the corresponding period in 2023, and included:
   Dividends paid on non-participating and participating shares by the Corporation of $734 million, compared with
      $706 million in the corresponding period in 2023. In the six-month period ended June 30, 2024, dividends paid on the
      Corporation’s participating shares were $1.0875 per share, compared with $1.0200 in the corresponding period in 2023.
   Dividends paid on preferred shares by Power Financial of $70 million, compared with $69 million in the corresponding
      period in 2023.
   Issuance of subordinate voting shares of the Corporation for $45 million pursuant to the Corporation’s Executive Stock
      Option Plan and the Power Financial Employee Stock Option Plan, compared with issuance for an amount of $12 million
      in the corresponding period in 2023.
   Repurchase of subordinate voting shares of $189 million, as part of the NCIB, in the six-month period ended June 30,
      2024, compared with repurchase for an amount of $123 million in the corresponding period in 2023.
The Corporation’s investing activities during the six-month period ended June 30, 2024 resulted in a net inflow of
$375 million, compared with a net inflow of $581 million in the corresponding period in 2023.
Proceeds from disposal of investments and purchase of investments are comprised of investment activities of the Corporation
and in its investment platforms.
The Corporation decreased its level of fixed income securities with maturities of more than three months, resulting in a net
inflow of $11 million in the six-month period ended June 30, 2024, compared with a net outflow of $34 million in the
corresponding period in 2023.




                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                            A  59
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       CAPITAL MANAGEMENT




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       As a holding company, Power Corporation’s objectives in managing its capital are to:
                                          provide attractive long-term returns to shareholders of the Corporation;
                                          provide sufficient financial flexibility to pursue its growth strategy to invest on a timely basis in its operating companies
                                             and other investments as opportunities arise;
                                          maintain a capital structure that matches the long-term nature of its investments by maximizing the use of permanent
                                             capital;
                                          maintain an appropriate credit rating to ensure stable access to the capital markets; and
                                          maintain available cash and cash equivalents at a minimum of two times fixed charges.
                                       The Corporation manages its capital taking into consideration the risk characteristics and liquidity of its holdings. In order to
                                       maintain or adjust its capital structure, the Corporation may adjust the amount of dividends paid to shareholders, return capital
                                       to shareholders or issue capital.
                                       The Board of Directors of the Corporation is responsible for capital management. Management of the Corporation is
                                       responsible for establishing capital management procedures and for implementing and monitoring its capital plans. The
                                       Board of Directors of the Corporation reviews and approves capital transactions such as the issuance, redemption and
                                       repurchase of participating shares, non-participating shares and debentures. The boards of directors of the Corporation’s
                                       subsidiaries, as well as those of Parjointco and GBL, oversee and have the responsibility for their respective company’s capital
                                       management.
                                       With the exception of debentures and other debt instruments, the Corporation’s capital is permanent, matching the long-
                                       term nature of its investments. The capital structure of the Corporation consists of: debentures, non-participating shares,
                                       participating shareholders’ equity, and non-controlling interests. The Corporation views non-participating shares as a cost-
                                       effective source of permanent capital.
                                       The Corporation’s consolidated capitalization includes the debentures, preferred shares and other equity instruments, and
                                       other debt instruments issued by its consolidated subsidiaries. Debentures and other debt instruments issued by Power
                                       Financial, Lifeco, IGM and controlled investments are non-recourse to the Corporation. The Corporation does not guarantee
                                       debt issued by its subsidiaries. Non-participating shares and total equity accounted for 73% of consolidated capitalization at
                                       June 30, 2024.
                                                                                                                                                                                                June 30,   December 31,
                                                                                                                                                                                                   2024          2023

                                       Debentures and other debt instruments
                                       Power Corporation                                                                                                                                           647             647
                                       Power Financial                                                                                                                                             250             250
                                       Lifeco                                                                                                                                                    9,142           9,046
                                       IGM                                                                                                                                                       2,400           2,400
                                       Other [1]                                                                                                                                                 3,243           3,017
                                       Effect of consolidation                                                                                                                                      (88)           (88)
                                                                                                                                                                                                14,947          14,625
                                                                                                                                                                                                15,594          15,272
                                       Non-participating shares and other equity instruments
                                       Power Corporation                                                                                                                                           950             950
                                       Power Financial                                                                                                                                           2,830           2,830
                                       Lifeco                                                                                                                                                    4,220           4,220
                                                                                                                                                                                                 7,050           7,050
                                                                                                                                                                                                 8,000           8,000
                                       Equity
                                       Participating shareholders’ equity                                                                                                                       21,749          21,193
                                       Non-controlling interests [2]                                                                                                                            12,411          12,072
                                                                                                                                                                                                34,160          33,265
                                                                                                                                                                                                57,754          56,537
                                       [1] Includes other debt instruments of controlled and consolidated investments and standalone businesses; consists of $361 million ($299 million in 2023) of debt including
                                           revolving credit facilities held by the investment funds, $2,638 million ($2,490 million in 2023) of project-related debt held within the Power Sustainable Energy
                                           Infrastructure platform, and $244 million ($228 million in 2023) of other debt held by standalone businesses. The other debt instruments are secured by the assets of the
                                           controlled investments which are non-recourse to the Corporation. See Note 9 B) to the Interim Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
                                       [2] Represents the non-controlling equity interests of the Corporation’s subsidiaries excluding Power Financial and Lifeco’s preferred shares and limited recourse capital
                                           notes, which are shown in this table as non-participating shares.




                                             A  60                                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


Power Corporation
  The Corporation filed a short-form base shelf prospectus dated November 16, 2022, pursuant to which, for a period of




                                                                                                                                    PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
    25 months thereafter, the Corporation may issue First Preferred Shares, subordinate voting shares, subscription receipts
    and unsecured debt securities, or any combination thereof. This filing provides the Corporation with the flexibility to
    access debt and equity markets on a timely basis.
  The Corporation commenced a NCIB on March 1, 2024 which is effective until the earlier of February 28, 2025 and the
    date on which the Corporation has purchased the maximum permitted number of subordinate voting shares. Refer to the
    section “Participating Shareholders’ Equity” for more information.

Power Financial
  Power Financial filed a short-form base shelf prospectus dated December 5, 2022, pursuant to which, for a period of
    25 months thereafter, Power Financial may issue up to an aggregate of $3 billion of First Preferred Shares and unsecured
    debt securities, or any combination thereof. This filing provides the Corporation with the flexibility to access debt and
    equity markets on a timely basis through Power Financial.

The Corporation itself is not subject to externally imposed regulatory capital requirements; however, Lifeco and certain of its
main subsidiaries, IGM’s subsidiaries and certain of the Corporation’s other subsidiaries are subject to regulatory capital
requirements. Parts B and C of this MD&A further describe the capital management activities of Lifeco and IGM, respectively.
See Note 23 to the Corporation’s 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.

RATINGS
The current rating by Standard & Poor’s (S&P) of the Corporation’s debentures is “A+” with a stable outlook. Dominion Bond
Rating Service’s (DBRS) current rating on the Corporation’s debentures is “A” with a stable rating trend.
Credit ratings are intended to provide investors with an independent measure of the credit quality of the securities of a
corporation and are indicators of the likelihood of payment and the capacity of a corporation to meet its obligations in
accordance with the terms of each obligation. Descriptions of the rating categories for each of the agencies set forth below
have been obtained from the respective rating agencies’ websites. These ratings are not a recommendation to buy, sell or
hold the securities of a corporation and do not address market price or other factors that might determine suitability of a
specific security for a particular investor. The ratings also may not reflect the potential impact of all risks on the value of
securities and are subject to revision or withdrawal at any time by the rating organization.
The “A+” rating assigned to the Corporation’s debentures by S&P is the fifth highest of the 22 ratings used for long-term debt.
A long-term debenture rated “A+” is somewhat more susceptible to the adverse effects of changes in circumstances and
economic conditions than obligations in higher-rated categories; however, the obligor’s capacity to meet its financial
commitment on the obligation is still strong.
The “A” rating assigned to the Corporation’s debentures by DBRS is the sixth highest of the 26 ratings used for long-term
debt. A long-term debenture rated “A” implies that the capacity for repayment is substantial, but of lesser credit quality than
AA, and may be vulnerable to future events, although qualifying negative factors are considered manageable.
The current rating by S&P of Power Financial’s debentures is “A+” with a stable outlook. DBRS’ current rating on Power
Financial’s debentures is “A (High)” with a stable trend.
Parts B and C of this MD&A provide information on the ratings of the debentures of Lifeco and IGM, respectively.




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4   A  61
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       RISK MANAGEMENT




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       Power Corporation is an international management and holding company that focuses on financial services in North America,
                                       Europe and Asia. Its core holdings are leading insurance, retirement, wealth management and investment businesses
                                       including a portfolio of alternative asset investment platforms. The Corporation, through Power Financial, holds a controlling
                                       interest in Lifeco and IGM and also holds a joint controlling interest in Parjointco, which itself holds a controlling interest in
                                       GBL. As a result, the Corporation bears the risks associated with being a significant shareholder of these operating companies.
                                       A complete description of these risks is presented in their public disclosures. The respective boards of directors of Lifeco,
                                       IGM and GBL are responsible for the risk oversight function at their respective companies. The risk committees of the boards
                                       of directors of Lifeco and IGM are responsible for their risk oversight. Certain officers of the Corporation are members of these
                                       boards and committees of these boards, including the risk committees, and, consequently, in their role as directors, they
                                       participate in the risk oversight function at the operating companies. Parts B and C of this MD&A further describe risks related
                                       to Lifeco and IGM, respectively.

                                       RISK OVERSIGHT
                                       The Corporation believes that a prudent approach to risk is achieved through a governance model that focuses on the active
                                       oversight of its investments. The Board of Directors and executive officers of the Corporation have overall oversight and
                                       responsibility for risk management associated with the investment activities and operations of the holding company and
                                       maintain a comprehensive and appropriate set of policies and controls.
                                       The Board of Directors provides oversight and carries out its risk management mandate and addresses operational risks
                                       primarily through the following committees:
                                         The Audit Committee addresses risks related to financial reporting and cybersecurity.
                                         The Human Resources Committee considers risks associated with the Corporation’s compensation policies and practices.
                                         The Governance and Sustainability Committee oversees the Corporation’s approach to appropriately address potential
                                           risks related to governance and sustainability matters.
                                         The Related Party and Conduct Review Committee reviews and considers for approval transactions with related parties
                                           of the Corporation.
                                       There are certain risks inherent in an investment in the securities of the Corporation and in the activities of the Corporation,
                                       which investors should carefully consider before investing in securities of the Corporation. The 2023 Annual MD&A reviews
                                       certain risks that could impact the financial condition and financial performance, and the value of the equity of the
                                       Corporation. This description of risks does not include all possible risks, and there may be other risks of which the Corporation
                                       is not currently aware.
                                       During the six-month period ended June 30, 2024, there were no significant changes to the Corporation’s risk oversight
                                       approach, and the identification and management of the specific risks.

                                       Tax risk
                                       Under International Pillar Two tax reform, the OECD introduced a 15% global minimum tax (GMT or Pillar Two) regime that
                                       has been adopted by all countries in which the Corporation and its subsidiaries have significant operations, other than the
                                       United States. Canada enacted GMT legislation on June 20, 2024, which applies retroactively to January 1, 2024. Other
                                       countries where the Corporation and its subsidiaries have significant operations, including Barbados, Germany, Ireland and
                                       the United Kingdom, had previously enacted GMT legislation, also effective January 1, 2024.
                                       The Corporation currently expects the GMT in Barbados, Ireland and Isle of Man, jurisdictions where the statutory tax rate is
                                       below 15%. In the second quarter of 2024, Lifeco recognized a GMT current tax expense of $62 million, primarily related to
                                       its operations in Barbados and Ireland, of which the Corporation’s share is $43 million. The amount recognized in the second
                                       quarter of 2024 included $34 million for the retroactive application for the first quarter of 2024, as a result of Canada’s
                                       enactment of legislation in the quarter, primarily in respect of Barbados where the GMT was contingent upon Canada’s
                                       enactment, of which the Corporation’s share is $23 million.
                                       In the six-month period ended June 30, 2024, Lifeco recognized a GMT current tax expense of $66 million, primarily related
                                       to its operations in Barbados and Ireland, of which the Corporation’s share is $46 million.




                                           A  62                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


FINANCIAL INSTRU MENTS AND OTHER INSTRUMENTS




                                                                                                                                                                      PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT
At June 30, 2024, there have been changes to the carrying amounts and fair value of the Corporation and its subsidiaries’
assets and liabilities recorded at fair value since December 31, 2023. These changes did not have a material impact on the
financial condition of the Corporation and its subsidiaries. See Note 19 to the Corporation’s Interim Consolidated Financial
Statements for additional disclosure of the Corporation’s fair value measurement.

DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
In the course of their activities, the Corporation and its subsidiaries use derivative financial instruments. When using such
derivatives, they only act as limited end-users and not as market makers in such derivatives.
The use of derivatives is monitored and reviewed on a regular basis by senior management of the Corporation and by senior
management of its subsidiaries. The Corporation and its subsidiaries have each established operating policies, guidelines
and procedures relating to the use of derivative financial instruments, which in particular focus on:
  prohibiting the use of derivative instruments for speculative purposes;
  documenting transactions and ensuring their consistency with risk management policies;
  demonstrating the effectiveness of the hedging relationships; and
  monitoring the hedging relationships.
There were no major changes to the Corporation and its subsidiaries’ policies and procedures with respect to the use of
derivative instruments in the six-month period ended June 30, 2024. The following table provides a summary of the
Corporation and its subsidiaries’ derivatives portfolio:
                                                                                                      June 30, 2024                             December 31, 2023
                                                                                      Maximum                    Total                 Maximum                Total
                                                                   Notional           credit risk           fair value      Notional   credit risk       fair value

Power Corporation                                                       453                  10                     7          367            20               20
Power Financial                                                          68                  11                   11             67           10               10
Lifeco                                                              56,463                1,911                  225        51,909        2,219               931
IGM                                                                  2,045                   35                    (7)        1,903           43                (7)
Other subsidiaries                                                   1,448                   73                   68          1,270           57               44
                                                                    60,024                2,030                  297        55,149        2,329               978
                                                                    60,477                2,040                  304        55,516        2,349               998


During the six-month period ended June 30, 2024, there was an increase of $5.0 billion in the notional amount of derivatives
outstanding, primarily due to increases in volume of regular hedging activities by Lifeco. The Corporation and its subsidiaries’
exposure to derivative counterparty risk (which represents the current fair value of instruments in a gain position) decreased
to $2,040 million at June 30, 2024 from $2,349 million at December 31, 2023. The decrease was primarily driven by the
impact of the U.S. dollar strengthening against the Canadian dollar on cross-currency swaps that pay U.S. dollars and receive
Canadian dollars.
Parts B and C of this MD&A provide information on the types of derivative financial instruments used by Lifeco and IGM,
respectively.
See Note 29 to the Corporation’s 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                              A  63
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       GUARANTEES
                                       In the normal course of their operations, the Corporation and its subsidiaries may enter into certain agreements, the nature
                                       of which precludes the possibility of making a reasonable estimate of the maximum potential amount the Corporation or
                                       subsidiary could be required to pay third parties, as some of these agreements do not specify a maximum amount and the
                                       amounts are dependent on the outcome of future contingent events, the nature and likelihood of which cannot be
                                       determined. See also Note 35 to the Corporation’s 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements.

                                       LETTERS OF CREDIT
                                       In the normal course of its reinsurance business, Lifeco provides letters of credit to other parties or beneficiaries. A beneficiary
                                       will typically hold a letter of credit as collateral to secure statutory credit for insurance and investment contract liabilities ceded
                                       to or amounts due from Lifeco. Lifeco may be required to seek collateral alternatives if it is unable to renew existing letters of
                                       credit on maturity. See also Part B of this MD&A and Note 35 to the Corporation’s 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements.


                                       CONTINGENT LIABILITIES

                                       The Corporation and its subsidiaries are from time to time subject to legal actions, including arbitrations and class actions,
                                       arising in the normal course of business. It is inherently difficult to predict the outcome of any of these proceedings with
                                       certainty, and it is possible that an adverse resolution could have a material adverse effect on the consolidated financial
                                       position of the Corporation. However, based on information presently known, it is not expected that any of the existing legal
                                       actions, either individually or in the aggregate, will have a material adverse effect on the consolidated financial position of the
                                       Corporation. See also Parts B and C of this MD&A and Note 34 to the Corporation’s 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements.


                                       COMMITMENTS AND CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS

                                       At June 30, 2024, there have been no material changes in the contractual obligations of the Corporation and its subsidiaries
                                       from those reported in the 2023 Annual MD&A.


                                       SUMMARY OF CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AN D JU DGMENTS

                                       In the preparation of the financial statements, management of the Corporation and the managements of its subsidiaries are
                                       required to make significant judgments, estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, net
                                       earnings, comprehensive income and related disclosures. The results of the Corporation reflect the judgments of the
                                       managements of the Corporation and its subsidiaries regarding the impact of prevailing market conditions related to global
                                       credit, equities, investment properties and foreign exchange, as well as, with respect to Lifeco, prevailing health and mortality
                                       experience. Key sources of estimation uncertainty and areas where significant judgments are made by the management of
                                       the Corporation and the managements of its subsidiaries include: the entities to be consolidated or accounted for using the
                                       equity method, fair value measurements, expected credit losses, valuation of goodwill and intangible assets, valuation of
                                       insurance, reinsurance held and investment contract liabilities, income taxes, and pension plans and other post-employment
                                       benefits. These are described in the Corporation’s 2023 Annual MD&A and the notes to the Corporation’s 2023 Consolidated
                                       Financial Statements.


                                       CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES

                                       There were no changes to the Corporation’s accounting policies from those reported at December 31, 2023, except for:
                                       The Corporation adopted the amendments to IFRS for IAS 7, Statement of Cash Flows, IFRS 7, Financial Instruments:
                                       Disclosures, and IFRS 16, Leases effective January 1, 2024. The adoption of these amendments did not have a material impact
                                       on the Corporation’s financial statements.




                                           A  64                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


FUTURE ACCOUNTING CHANGES




                                                                                                                                                 PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
The Corporation and its subsidiaries monitor changes in IFRS, both proposed and released, by the International Accounting
Standards Board (IASB) and analyze the effect that changes in the standards may have on the consolidated financial
statements when they become effective. The following sets out standards released and updates to the Corporation’s 2023
Consolidated Financial Statements.
Standard                         Summary of future changes

IFRS 18 –                        In April 2024, the IASB published IFRS 18, Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements (IFRS 18). The
Presentation and Disclosure      standard aims to improve how companies communicate information in their financial statements, with a
in Financial Statements          focus on information about financial performance in the statement of earnings.
                                 IFRS 18 will require corporations to:
                                       Provide defined subtotals in the statement of earnings;
                                       Disclose information for any management-defined performance measures related to the statement of
                                          earnings; and
                                       Implement principles for the grouping of information in the financial statements, and whether to
                                          provide it in the primary financial statements or notes.
                                 The standard is effective for annual reporting periods beginning on or after January 1, 2027, with earlier
                                 application permitted. The Corporation is evaluating the impact of the adoption of this standard.

IFRS 9 –                         In May 2024, the IASB published amendments to IFRS 9, Financial Instruments and IFRS 7, Financial
Financial Instruments and        Instruments: Disclosures. The amendments clarify the classification of financial assets with environmental,
IFRS 7 -                         social and corporate governance and similar features, the settlement of liabilities through electronic
Financial Instruments:           payment systems, and introduce additional disclosure requirements to enhance transparency for investors.
Disclosures                      These amendments are effective for annual reporting periods beginning on or after January 1, 2026, with
                                 earlier application permitted. The Corporation is evaluating the impact of the adoption of these
                                 amendments.



TRANSACTIONS WITH RELATED PARTIES

Power Corporation has a Related Party and Conduct Review Committee composed entirely of Directors who are independent
of management and independent of the Corporation’s controlling shareholder. The mandate of this Committee is to review
proposed transactions with related parties of the Corporation, including its controlling shareholder, and to approve only those
transactions that it deems appropriate and that are done at market terms and conditions.
In the normal course of business, Power Corporation and its subsidiaries enter into various transactions which include capital
commitments to investment funds, including commitments from management, performance and base management fees paid
to subsidiaries of the group, employee ownership participations and loans to employees. Such transactions are at market
terms and conditions and are reviewed by the appropriate related party and conduct review committee.
In the normal course of business, Canada Life and other Lifeco subsidiaries enter into various transactions with related
companies which include providing group insurance benefits and sub-advisory services to other companies within the Power
Corporation group of companies. Such transactions are at market terms and conditions. These transactions are reviewed by
the appropriate related party and conduct review committee.
Lifeco provides asset management, employee benefits and administrative services for employee benefit plans relating to
pension and other post-employment benefits for employees of Power Corporation, Power Financial, and Lifeco and its
subsidiaries. These transactions are at market terms and conditions and are reviewed by the appropriate related party and
conduct review committee.
IGM enters into transactions with subsidiaries of Lifeco. These transactions are in the normal course of operations and include
i) providing certain administrative and technology services; ii) distributing insurance products; and iii) the sale of residential
mortgages to Canada Life. These transactions are at market terms and conditions and are reviewed by the appropriate related
party and conduct review committee.
On May 6, 2024, Lifeco and Power Sustainable announced that they had entered into a long-term strategic partnership and
Lifeco acquired a minority interest in Power Sustainable Manager, a subsidiary of Power Sustainable. This transaction was at
market terms and conditions and was reviewed by the relevant related party and conduct review committee. Refer to the
section “Sagard and Power Sustainable”.
See Note 33 to the Corporation’s 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.




                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4         A  65
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       The Corporation’s internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
                                       reliability of financial reporting and that the preparation of financial statements for external purposes is in accordance with
                                       IFRS. The Corporation’s management, under the supervision of the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer, is
                                       responsible for establishing and maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting. All internal control systems
                                       have inherent limitations and may become ineffective because of changes in conditions. Therefore, even those systems
                                       determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and
                                       presentation.
                                       As a management and holding company, the Corporation’s business activities are carried out through its investments in
                                       businesses, each of which has its own management team. Accordingly, the Corporation’s management relies on the
                                       certifications filed by management of Lifeco and IGM pursuant to National Instrument 52-109 – Certification of Disclosure in
                                       Issuers’ Annual and Interim Filings, as well as a sub-certification process by management at its other significant subsidiaries
                                       and investees in order to make determinations regarding the Corporation’s disclosure controls and procedures and internal
                                       control over financial reporting.
                                       There have been no changes in the Corporation’s internal control over financial reporting during the three-month period
                                       ended June 30, 2024 which have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Corporation’s internal
                                       control over financial reporting.


                                       POWER FINANCIAL CORPORATION

                                       Power Financial relies on certain of the continuous disclosure documents filed by Power Corporation of Canada pursuant to
                                       an exemption from the requirements of National Instrument 51-102 – Continuous Disclosure Obligations (NI 51-102) and as
                                       provided in the decision of the Autorité des marchés financiers and the Ontario Securities Commission, dated January 19,
                                       2021, regarding Power Financial and Power Corporation. The following disclosure is provided further to the requirements of
                                       such decision:
                                                                                                                                             Corporate               Effect of                     Total               Total
                                       At June 30, 2024                                                       Lifeco              IGM       and other [1]       consolidation            Power Financial   Power Corporation

                                       Total assets                                                        749,562            18,666            37,177               (22,455)                   782,950            790,829
                                       Total liabilities                                                   718,692            11,540            12,687                   (343)                  742,576            748,669
                                       [1] Includes Power Financial’s investment activities including its investment in Portage Ventures I, Portage Ventures II and Wealthsimple.



                                                                                                                                                              Three months                                        Six months
                                       For the period ending June 30, 2024                                                         Power Financial      Power Corporation                Power Financial   Power Corporation

                                       Cash flows from operations                                                                            1,885                    1,829                       2,332               2,194




                                             A  66                                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


NON-IFRS FINANCIAL MEASURES




                                                                                                                                                                         PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
DEFINITIONS
This MD&A presents and discusses financial measures which are not in accordance with IFRS. Management uses these
financial measures in its presentation and analysis of the financial performance of Power Corporation, and believes that they
provide additional meaningful information to readers in their analysis of the results of the Corporation. See also “Statement
Regarding Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Measures”. The non-IFRS financial measures and non-IFRS ratios used in
this MD&A are defined as follows:
Non-IFRS financial measure         Definition                                                                       Purpose
                                                                                             [1]
Adjusted net earnings              Net earnings from continuing operations                         excluding        Assists in the comparison of the current period’s
from continuing                    Adjustments.                                                                     underlying operating performance to that of
operations [1]                                                                                                      previous periods as it reflects management’s view
                                                                                                                    of the operating performance of the Corporation
                                                                                                                    and its subsidiaries, excluding items that are not
                                                                                                                    considered to be part of the underlying business
                                                                                                                    results.
                                                                                                                    As a holding company, management reviews and
                                                                                                                    assesses the performance of each operating
                                                                                                                    company’s contribution to net earnings and
                                                                                                                    adjusted net earnings.


  Adjustments                       After-tax impact of any item that in management’s                               Identifies items that are not considered part of
                                    judgment, including those identified by management                              operating performance by management,
                                    of its publicly traded operating companies, would                               including items identified by management of its
                                    make the period-over-period comparison of results                               publicly traded operating companies.
                                    from operations less meaningful.
                                    Includes the Corporation’s share of Lifeco’s impact of
                                    market-related impacts, where actual market returns
                                    in the current period are different than longer-term
                                    expected returns, assumption changes and
                                    management actions that impact the measurement of
                                    assets and liabilities, realized gains (losses) on the
                                    sale of assets measured at FVOCI, direct equity and
                                    interest rate impacts on the measurement of surplus
                                    assets and liabilities, and amortization of acquisition-
                                    related finite life intangible assets, as well as items
                                    that management believes are not indicative of the
                                    underlying business results which include those
                                    identified by a subsidiary or a jointly controlled
                                    corporation. Items that management and
                                    management of its subsidiaries believe are not
                                    indicative of the underlying business results include
                                    business transformation impacts (including
                                    restructuring or reorganization and integration costs,
                                    acquisition and divestiture costs), material legal
                                    settlements, material impairment charges, impacts of
                                    income tax rate changes on the remeasurement of
                                    deferred tax assets and liabilities and other tax
                                    impairments, certain non-recurring material items, net
                                    gains, losses or costs related to the disposition or
                                    acquisition of a business, and other items that, when
                                    removed, assist in explaining underlying operating
                                    performance.
                                    Effective the first quarter of 2024, the definition of
                                    Adjustments was modified to include the impact of
                                    the revaluation of non-controlling interests liabilities
                                    related to PSEIP which result from changes in fair
                                    value of assets held within the fund, and the share of
                                    earnings (losses) from the consolidated activities of
                                    PSEIP attributable to third-party investors. The
                                    comparative periods have been restated to reflect
                                    this change.

[1] Attributable to participating shareholders of Power Corporation.




                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                               A  67
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       Non-IFRS financial measure   Definition                                                                 Purpose

                                       Adjusted net asset value     Adjusted net asset value represents the fair value of                      Presents the fair value of the participating




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                    the participating shareholders’ equity of Power                            shareholders’ equity of the holding company and
                                                                    Corporation. Adjusted net asset value is calculated as                     is used to assist in assessing value.
                                                                    the fair value of the assets of the combined Power                         This measure may be used by investors and
                                                                    Corporation and Power Financial holding company                            analysts in determining or comparing the fair
                                                                    less their net debt and preferred shares.                                  value of investments held by the holding company
                                                                    The investments held in publicly traded entities                           or its overall fair value.
                                                                    (including Lifeco, IGM and GBL) are measured at their
                                                                    market value and investments in private entities and
                                                                    investment funds are measured at management’s
                                                                    estimate of fair value.

                                       Consolidated assets and      Consolidated assets and assets under management                            Consolidated assets and assets under
                                       assets under                 includes total assets per the financial statements as                      management and Consolidated assets and assets
                                       management, and              well as assets managed on behalf of clients which are                      under administration provide an indicator of the
                                       Consolidated assets and      beneficially owned by clients and are not recognized                       size and volume of the Corporation’s consolidated
                                       assets under                 in the consolidated financial statements including:                        businesses, including the publicly traded
                                       administration                                                                                          operating companies and alternative asset
                                                                       Internally and externally managed funds,
                                                                          including proprietary mutual funds, exchange-                        investment platforms.
                                                                          traded funds and institutional assets, where the                     Consolidated assets and assets under
                                                                          Corporation’s publicly traded operating                              administration includes assets in which the
                                                                          companies and alternative asset investment                           Corporation’s consolidated publicly traded
                                                                          platforms have oversight of the investment                           operating companies and investment
                                                                          policies; and                                                        management services businesses only provide
                                                                       The fair value of assets managed on behalf of the                      administration services, which are an important
                                                                          clients by asset managers controlled within the                      aspect of the overall business and should be
                                                                                                                                               considered when comparing volumes, size and
                                                                          investment platforms, including assets managed
                                                                                                                                               trends.
                                                                          through a separately managed account.
                                                                    Services provided in respect of assets under
                                                                    management include the selection of investments, the
                                                                    provision of investment advice and discretionary
                                                                    portfolio management on behalf of clients.
                                                                    Consolidated assets and assets under administration
                                                                    includes consolidated assets under management and
                                                                    other assets under administration. Other assets under
                                                                    administration includes assets where the Corporation’s
                                                                    consolidated publicly traded operating companies
                                                                    and investment management services businesses only
                                                                    provide administration services for which they earn
                                                                    fees and other income. These assets are beneficially
                                                                    owned by the clients and the Corporation’s operating
                                                                    subsidiaries do not direct the investing activities.
                                                                    Services provided relating to assets under
                                                                    administration include record keeping, safekeeping,
                                                                    collecting investment income, settling of transactions
                                                                    or other administrative services.

                                       Fee-related earnings         Fee-related earnings is presented for Sagard and                           This measure is presented for the alternative asset
                                       (of alternative asset        Power Sustainable and includes revenues from                               investment platforms, Sagard and Power
                                       investment platforms)        management fees earned across all asset classes, less                      Sustainable, and is used to assess the profitability
                                                                    investment platform expenses which include i) fee-                         from their asset management activities. This
                                                                    related compensation including salary, bonus, and                          financial measure provides insight as to whether
                                                                    benefits, and ii) operating expenses. Fee-related                          recurring revenues from management fees, which
                                                                    earnings is presented on a gross pre-tax basis,                            are not based on future realization events, are
                                                                    including non-controlling interests.                                       sufficient to cover associated operating expenses.
                                                                    Fee-related earnings excludes i) share-based
                                                                    compensation expenses, ii) amortization of
                                                                    acquisition-related finite life intangible assets,
                                                                    iii) foreign exchange-related gains and losses,
                                                                    iv) net interest, and v) other items that in
                                                                    management’s judgment are not indicative of
                                                                    underlying operating performance of the alternative
                                                                    asset investment platforms, which include
                                                                    restructuring costs, transaction and integration costs
                                                                    related to business acquisitions and certain non-
                                                                    recurring material items.




                                            A  68                                     P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


Non-IFRS ratio                     Definition                                                                        Purpose

Adjusted net earnings              Earnings per share calculated using adjusted net                                  Assists in comparing adjusted net earnings from




                                                                                                                                                                                  PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
from continuing                    earnings from continuing operations.                                              continuing operations on a per share basis; refer
operations per share               Adjusted net earnings from continuing operations                                  to “Adjusted net earnings from continuing
                                   divided by the weighted average number of                                         operations” definition above.
                                   participating shares outstanding.

Adjusted net asset value           Adjusted net asset value calculated on a                                          Assists the reader in comparing the adjusted net
per share                          per share basis.                                                                  asset value on a per share basis; refer to “Adjusted
                                   Adjusted net asset value divided by the number of                                 net asset value” definition above.
                                   participating shares outstanding.


These non-IFRS financial measures do not have a standard meaning and may not be comparable to similar measures used by
other entities.


RECONCILIATIONS OF IFRS AND NON-IFRS FINANCIAL MEASURES

Adjusted Net Earnings
The following table presents a reconciliation of adjusted net earnings, a non-IFRS financial measure, to net earnings reported
in accordance with IFRS. Adjusted net earnings is presented in the section “Contribution to Net Earnings and Adjusted Net
Earnings”:
                                                                                                                                  Three months ended          Six months ended
                                                                                                        June 30,         March 31,          June 30,   June 30,       June 30,
                                                                                                           2024              2024              2023       2024           2023
Adjusted net earnings from continuing operations –
 Non-IFRS financial measure [1]                                                                             761                   703           842     1,464           1,430
                          [2]
Share of Adjustments , net of tax
 Lifeco                                                                                                      (23)                 31           (240)         8           (401)
 IGM                                                                                                           (3)                  1           (55)        (2)            (57)
 Power Sustainable                                                                                             (5)                23              3         18             (42)
 ChinaAMC                                                                                                      −                   −              −          −             (54)
                                                                                                             (31)                 55           (292)        24           (554)
Net earnings from continuing operations –
 IFRS financial measure [1]                                                                                 730                   758           550     1,488              876
Net earnings (loss) from discontinued operations – Putnam                                                      −                  (49)          (49)       (49)            (62)
                                                [1]
Net earnings – IFRS financial measure                                                                       730                   709           501     1,439              814
[1] Attributable to participating shareholders of Power Corporation.
[2] Refer to the section “Adjustments” for more detail on Adjustments from Lifeco, IGM, Power Sustainable, and ChinaAMC.




                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                    A  69
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       Adjustments (excluded from Adjusted net earnings)
                                       The following table presents the Corporation’s share of Adjustments on a pre- and post-tax basis:




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                                                                                     Three months ended                 Six months ended
                                                                                                                                              June 30,         March 31,           June 30,      June 30,       June 30,
                                                                                                                                                 2024              2024               2023          2024           2023
                                       Lifeco [1]
                                         Market experience relative to expectations (pre-tax)                                                       30                 93                (63)       123            (205)
                                              Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                         (11)               (20)                 9         (31)            37
                                         Assumption changes and management actions (pre-tax)                                                          2                 2                 (3)          4              3
                                              Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                          25                  (3)                −          22              (1)
                                         Business transformation impacts (pre-tax) [2][3]                                                          (25)               (45)               (98)        (70)          (116)
                                              Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                            5                12                22           17             27
                                         Realized OCI gains (losses) from asset rebalancing (pre-tax)                                                −                  −                (99)          −            (99)
                                              Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                           −                  −                16            −             16
                                         Amortization of acquisition-related finite life
                                           intangible assets (pre-tax) [3]                                                                         (35)               (34)               (33)        (69)           (62)
                                              Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                          10                  8                  9          18             16
                                         Tax legislative changes impact [3][4]                                                                     (23)                23                  −           −              −
                                                                                                                                                   (22)                36              (240)          14           (384)
                                             Effect of consolidation (pre-tax) [5][6]                                                                (1)                (5)               (1)         (6)           (18)
                                                 Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                        −                  −                  1           −              1
                                                                                                                                                   (23)                31              (240)           8           (401)
                                       IGM [1]
                                         Rockefeller debt refinancing (pre-tax)                                                                      (2)                −                  −          (2)             −
                                              Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                           −                  −                  −           −              −
                                         Gain on disposal of Lifeco shares (pre-tax)                                                                 −                  −                 (4)          −            108
                                              Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                           −                  −                  −           −              (3)
                                         Restructuring charges (pre-tax)                                                                             −                  −                (64)          −            (64)
                                              Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                           −                  −                17            −             17
                                         IFRS 17 adjustment (pre-tax)                                                                                −                  −                  9           −              9
                                              Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                           −                  −                  −           −              −
                                         Share of Lifeco adjustments (pre-tax)                                                                       −                  (1)               (4)         (1)             (4)
                                              Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                           −                  −                  −           −              −
                                                                                                                                                     (2)                (1)              (46)         (3)            63
                                         Effect of consolidation (pre-tax) [5]                                                                       (1)                1                 (9)          −           (130)
                                              Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                           −                  1                  −           1             10
                                                                                                                                                     (3)                1                (55)         (2)           (57)
                                       Power Sustainable
                                        Reclassification to earnings of foreign currency gains on
                                         Power Sustainable China (pre-tax)                                                                           −                 54                  −          54              −
                                            Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                             −                  −                  −           −              −
                                        Revaluation of non-controlling interests liabilities (pre-tax) [6]                                           (3)              (19)                 3         (22)           (42)
                                            Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                             −                  −                  −           −              −
                                        Restructuring charges (pre-tax)                                                                              (2)              (12)                 −         (14)             −
                                            Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                             −                  −                  −           −              −
                                                                                                                                                     (5)               23                  3          18            (42)
                                       ChinaAMC
                                        Transaction costs on disposal of ChinaAMC (pre-tax)                                                          −                  −                  −           −            (14)
                                            Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                             −                  −                  −           −              −
                                        Income taxes on disposal of ChinaAMC                                                                         −                  −                  −           −            (40)
                                                                                                                                                     −                  −                  −           −            (54)
                                                                                                                                                   (31)                55              (292)          24           (554)
                                       [1] As reported by Lifeco and IGM.
                                       [2] Business transformation impacts include restructuring and integration costs as well as acquisition and divestiture costs.
                                       [3] Included in other non-market related impacts.
                                       [4] GMT legislation was enacted in Canada on June 20, 2024 and applies retroactively to January 1, 2024. As a result, the comparative results for adjusted net earnings and
                                           Adjustments for the first quarter of 2024 are presented on a pro forma basis as if the legislation had been enacted in the first quarter of 2024.
                                       [5] The Effect of consolidation reflects i) the elimination of intercompany transactions, including the gain recognized by IGM on the sale of a portion of its interest in Lifeco
                                           to the Corporation, as well as IGM’s share of Lifeco’s IFRS 17 adjustment; and ii) the application of the Corporation’s accounting method for investments under common
                                           control to the Adjustments reported by Lifeco and IGM.
                                       [6] Effective the first quarter of 2024, the Corporation modified the definition of adjusted net earnings. The comparative periods have been restated to reflect this change.




                                                A  70                                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


Adjusted Net Asset Value
The following table presents a reconciliation of the participating shareholders’ equity reported in accordance with IFRS to the




                                                                                                                                                                     PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
adjusted net asset value, a non-IFRS financial measure. Adjusted net asset value is presented in the section “Adjusted Net
Asset Value”:
                                                                                                                                     June 30,        December 31,
                                                                                                                                        2024               2023

Participating shareholders’ equity – IFRS financial measure
  Share capital – participating shares                                                                                                 9,259                9,284
  Retained earnings                                                                                                                   10,774              10,005
  Reserves                                                                                                                             1,716                1,904
                                                                                                                                      21,749              21,193
Fair value adjustments [1]
  Lifeco                                                                                                                               9,365              12,545
  IGM                                                                                                                                  1,738                1,477
  GBL                                                                                                                                 (1,422)              (1,422)
  Sagard and Power Sustainable                                                                                                         1,111                   965
  Other investments and standalone businesses                                                                                            205                   159
                                                                                                                                      10,997              13,724
Adjusted net asset value – Non-IFRS financial measure                                                                                 32,746              34,917
             [2]
Per share
Participating shareholders’ equity (book value)                                                                                        33.53                32.49
Adjusted net asset value                                                                                                               50.48                53.53
[1] Refer to the section “Adjusted Net Asset Value” for more details on the fair value adjustments.
[2] Attributable to participating shareholders.


Consolidated Assets and Assets Under Management and Consolidated Assets and Assets Under Administration
                                                                                                                                      June 30,       December 31,
(In billions of dollars)                                                                                                                 2024              2023

Total consolidated assets per financial statements [1]                                                                                   791                   749
    Other assets under management
        Continuing operations                                                                                                            424                   410
        Discontinued operations                                                                                                             −                  162
                                                                           [1]
Total consolidated assets and assets under management                                                                                   1,215               1,321
    Other assets under administration                                                                                                   2,006               1,787
                                                                             [1]
Total consolidated assets and assets under administration                                                                               3,221               3,108
[1] The amounts presented at December 31, 2023 included assets held for sale and other assets under management related to the discontinued operations of Putnam.




                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                       A  71
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       Fee-related earnings (of alternative asset investment platforms)
                                       The following table presents the reconciliation of the net earnings attributable to participating shareholders of Power




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       Corporation in accordance with IFRS to the fee-related earnings of the alternative asset investment platforms, a non-IFRS
                                       financial measure. Fee-related earnings is presented in the section “Asset Management Activities” of the section “Sagard and
                                       Power Sustainable”.
                                                                                                                                                                    Three months ended                 Six months ended
                                                                                                                                             June 30,         March 31,           June 30,      June 30,       June 30,
                                                                                                                                                2024              2024               2023          2024           2023
                                       Net earnings attributable to participating shareholders of Power
                                        Corporation – IFRS financial measure                                                                     730                709                501       1,439            814
                                       Excluding:
                                         Contribution to net earnings from Lifeco                                                                (670)             (641)              (327)      (1,311)          (722)
                                         Contribution to net earnings from IGM                                                                   (136)             (133)                (79)       (269)          (200)
                                         Contribution to net earnings from GBL                                                                    (21)               (54)               (90)        (75)          (109)
                                         Contribution to net earnings from Lifeco, IGM and GBL                                                   (827)             (828)              (496)      (1,655)        (1,031)
                                         Contribution to net earnings from the holding company                                                     87                 82                  6        169             135
                                       Contribution to net earnings from Alternative Asset
                                        Investment Platforms and Other                                                                            (10)               (37)               11          (47)           (82)
                                       Excluding:
                                         Investing activities                                                                                     (14)               (22)               (25)        (36)            41
                                         Standalone businesses                                                                                       5                32                 (8)         37              (3)
                                       Contribution to net earnings from Asset Management Activities                                              (19)               (27)              (22)         (46)           (44)
                                       Adjustments:
                                       Sagard
                                         Non-controlling interests                                                                                   3                 2                 (2)          5              (3)
                                         Loss from private wealth platform and other asset
                                          management activities                                                                                     −                  1                  1           1              3
                                         Net carried interest                                                                                     (10)                 (3)                2         (13)             4
                                         Share-based compensation                                                                                    4                 −                  3           4              6
                                         Amortization of intangibles                                                                                 1                 1                  1           2              1
                                                                        [1]
                                         Acquisition-related costs                                                                                   1                 −                  5           1              5
                                         Income taxes and other                                                                                     (2)                (4)                2          (6)             4
                                       Power Sustainable
                                         Non-controlling interests                                                                                  (1)                −                  −          (1)             −
                                         Loss from development and asset management activities
                                          provided by Potentia and Nautilus on behalf of PSEIP                                                       4                 3                  1           7              9
                                         Net performance fees and carried interest                                                                   5                 1                  −           6              (6)
                                         Income taxes and other                                                                                      1                 −                  1           1              −
                                         Restructuring charges                                                                                       2                12                  −          14              −
                                                                                                                                                     8                13                14           21             23
                                       Fee-related earnings (loss) – Non-IFRS financial measure                                                   (11)               (14)                (8)        (25)           (21)

                                       Sagard                                                                                                       (2)                (4)               (1)         (6)             (3)
                                       Power Sustainable                                                                                            (9)              (10)                (7)        (19)           (18)
                                       [1] Includes transaction costs and changes in fair value related to contingent consideration.




                                             A  72                                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


OTHER MEASURES




                                                                                                                                                  PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
This MD&A also includes other measures, which include:
Term                                  Definition

Assets under management and           Operating asset management and investment management services businesses within the Power
 administration                       group, including IGM, alternative asset managers and Wealthsimple, present the total value of assets
                                      managed or administered which are beneficially owned by clients and are not recognized in the
                                      consolidated financial statements. The composition of the assets under management and
                                      administration is relative to the activities of the asset managers and are further defined as follows:

  Assets under management             AUM&A represents the consolidated AUM and AUA of IGM’s core businesses IG Wealth Management
   and advisement (AUM&A)             and Mackenzie Investments. The comparative figures presented, prior to the sale on November 30,
   of IGM                             2023, exclude the AUM and AUA of IPC, which was disclosed by IGM as discontinued operations. In
                                      IGM’s Wealth Management segment, AUM is a component part of AUA.
                                      Assets under management are client assets where IGM provides investment management services,
                                      and include investment funds where IGM is the fund manager, investment advisory mandates to
                                      institutions, and other client accounts where IGM has discretionary portfolio management
                                      responsibilities.
                                      Assets under advisement represents savings and investment products held within the client accounts
                                      of IGM’s Wealth Management segment’s core business.

  Assets under management             AUM&A including SI represents IGM’s AUM&A including its proportionate share of the AUM&A of
   and advisement including           strategic investments, based on IGM’s direct and indirect ownership of the strategic investments. The
   strategic investments              strategic investments included are those whose activities are primarily in asset and wealth
   (AUM&A including SI) of IGM        management, and include interests in ChinaAMC, Northleaf, Rockefeller and Wealthsimple.
                                      Rockefeller client assets include assets under management and advisement as well as assets held for
                                      investment purposes and only receiving administrative services.
  Assets under management of          Assets under management of investment platforms include:
   alternative asset investment          Net asset value of the investment funds and co-investment vehicles managed, including unfunded
   platforms
                                             commitments and permanent leverage;
                                         Gross asset value of investment funds managed within the real estate platform; and
                                         Fair value of assets managed on behalf of the Corporation and clients by asset managers controlled
                                             within the investment platforms, including assets managed through a separately managed account.

 Assets under administration of       Assets under administration includes the total value of assets held on behalf of clients and includes
  Wealthsimple                        client assets in which investment management services are provided.

Book value per                        Represents Power Corporation’s participating shareholders’ equity divided by the number of
 participating share                  participating shares outstanding at the end of the reporting period.

Carried interest                      Carried interest is earned through a contractual arrangement between alternative asset managers and
                                      the funds managed in which the asset manager earns a fixed percentage of investment returns over a
                                      predetermined hurdle return.

Fee-bearing capital                   Fee-bearing capital includes:
                                         Total capital commitments of venture capital, private equity, and certain private credit funds during
                                             the investment period;
                                         Net invested capital of private credit funds, funds which have completed their investment period,
                                             separately managed accounts within the credit platforms and certain co-investment vehicles;
                                         Net asset value of Power Sustainable China, Power Sustainable Energy Infrastructure including
                                             direct investments in energy assets, and funds within the real estate platform; and
                                         Invested capital or gross asset value of assets managed through separately managed accounts
                                             within the real estate platform.

Market capitalization                 Represents the aggregate market value of a company. Market capitalization is determined at a point
                                      in time and represents the number of outstanding shares multiplied by the closing share price.




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4            A  73
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       Term                               Definition
                                       Net asset value                    On a quarterly basis, GBL reports its net asset value as it represents an important criterion used in
                                        reported by GBL                   assessing its performance. GBL's net asset value represents the fair value of its investment portfolio, its




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                          gross cash, the present value of its Concentrix note and its treasury shares, less its gross debt.
                                                                             GBL’s investments held in listed entities and treasury shares are measured at their market value,
                                                                                the present value of the Concentrix note is calculated at the market rate taking into account
                                                                                Concentrix’s credit quality, investments in private entities are measured using the
                                                                                recommendations of the International Private Equity and Venture Capital Valuation Guidelines,
                                                                                and recent investments are valued at their acquisition cost, which represents GBL management’s
                                                                                best estimate.
                                                                             GBL Capital’s portfolio of investments is measured by adding all investments at fair value
                                                                                provided by the fund managers with GBL Capital’s net cash, less its net debt.
                                                                             Sienna Investment Managers’ assets are valued at the acquisition cost of the management
                                                                                companies, less, where applicable, impairments.
                                                                          For more information on GBL's net asset value and valuation principles, refer to its website
                                                                          (www.gbl.com).

                                       Net asset value of                 Net asset value of investment funds represents the fair value of the investments held within the fund,
                                        investment funds                  net of any liabilities.

                                       Net carried interest               Represents carried interest earned, net of direct employee costs which are usually recognized over
                                                                          the vesting period.

                                       Unfunded commitments               Represents the capital that has been committed by limited partners, but not called by the fund. In
                                                                          some cases, unfunded commitments include distributions for funds currently in the investment
                                                                          period, which are recallable by the fund.

                                       Weighted average                   Represents the weighted average management fee rate charged on the fee-bearing capital across all
                                       management fee rate                asset classes during the period.
                                                                          Management fees earned during the period are divided by the average fee-bearing capital of funds,
                                                                          co-investment vehicles and separately managed accounts during such period. Management fees
                                                                          include retroactive management fees earned during the period related to the timing of subsequent
                                                                          fundraising closes.




                                              A  74                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


ABBREVIATIONS




                                                                                                                                                                                   PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
The following abbreviations are used throughout this report:
adidas                       adidas AG                                                    Peak                                   Peak Achievement Athletics Inc.
Adjusted net earnings        Adjusted net earnings from continuing operations             PEM                                    Performance Equity Management, LLC
Affidea                      Affidea Group B.V.                                           PEM-PDI III                            Performance Direct Investments III, L.P.
Alternative asset            Alternative Asset Investment Platforms                       PEM-PDI IV                             Performance Direct Investments IV, L.P.
   investment platforms or                                                                PEM-PDI V                              Performance Direct Investments V, L.P.
   Investment platforms                                                                   PEM-PVC I                              Performance Venture Capital, L.P.
Canada Life                  The Canada Life Assurance Company                            PEM-PVC II                             Performance Venture Capital II, L.P.
Canyon                       Canyon Bicycles GmbH                                         PEM-PVC III                            Performance Venture Capital III, L.P.
ChinaAMC                     China Asset Management Co., Ltd.                             PEM-PVC IV                             Performance Venture Capital IV, L.P.
Concentrix                   Concentrix Corporation                                       PEM-PVC V                              Performance Venture Capital V, L.P.
Diagram                      Diagram Corporation                                          PEM-PVC VI                             Performance Venture Capital VI, L.P.
Diagram ClimateTech          Diagram ClimateTech Fund LP                                  Pernod Ricard                          Pernod Ricard SA
Diagram Opportunity          Diagram Opportunity Fund I LP                                Pillar Two                             Pillar Two Global Anti-Base Erosion Model Rules
Diagram Ventures I           Diagram Ventures LP                                                                                   published by the OECD
Diagram Ventures II          Diagram Ventures II LP                                       Portage Capital Solutions              Portage Capital Solutions Fund I LP
Diagram Ventures III         Diagram Ventures III LP                                      Portage Ventures I                     Portag3 Ventures Limited Partnership
EBR                          Euronext Brussels                                            Portage Ventures II                    Portag3 Ventures II Limited Partnership
Empower                      Empower Annuity Insurance Company of America                 Portage Ventures III                   Portage Ventures III Limited Partnership
EPA                          Euronext Paris                                               Potentia or Potentia Renewables        Potentia Renewables Inc.
EverWest                     EverWest Holdings Inc.                                       Power Financial                        Power Financial Corporation
Franklin Templeton           Franklin Resources, Inc.                                     Power Sustainable                      Power Sustainable Capital Inc.
FVOCI                        Fair value through other comprehensive income                Power Sustainable China                Power Sustainable Investment Management Inc.
FVPL                         Fair value through profit or loss                            Power Sustainable Energy               Power Sustainable Energy Infrastructure
GBL                          Groupe Bruxelles Lambert                                     Power Sustainable                      Power Sustainable Infrastructure
GEA                          GEA Group AG                                                 Infrastructure Credit                  Credit Manager, L.P.
GMT                          Global Minimum Tax                                           Power Sustainable Lios                 Power Sustainable Lios Inc.
Grayhawk                     Grayhawk Wealth Holdings Inc.                                Power Sustainable Manager or PSM       Power Sustainable Manager Inc.
HalseyPoint                  HalseyPoint Asset Management, LLC                            Prudential                             Prudential Financial, Inc.
Holcim                       Holcim Ltd.                                                  PSEIP                                  Power Sustainable Energy
IFRS                         International Financial Reporting Standards                                                           Infrastructure Partnership
IGM or IGM Financial         IGM Financial Inc.                                           Putnam                                 Putnam U.S. Holdings I, LLC
IG Wealth Management         Investors Group Inc.                                         Rockefeller                            Rockefeller Capital Management
Imerys                       Imerys SA                                                    Sagard                                 Sagard Holdings Inc.
Investment Planning          Investment Planning Counsel Inc.                             Sagard Credit Partners I               Sagard Credit Partners, LP
   Counsel or IPC                                                                         Sagard Credit Partners II              Sagard Credit Partners II, LP
Irish Life                   Irish Life Group Limited                                     Sagard Healthcare Partners             Sagard Healthcare Royalty Partners, LP
Lifeco                       Great-West Lifeco Inc.                                       Sagard Holdings Management             Sagard Holdings Management Inc.
Lion or Lion Electric        The Lion Electric Company                                      or SHMI
LMPG                         LMPG Inc.                                                    Sagard MidCap                          Sagard MidCap II, Sagard MidCap 3, and
Mackenzie or                 Mackenzie Financial Corporation                                                                       Sagard MidCap 4
   Mackenzie Investments                                                                  Sagard Senior Lending Partners         Sagard Senior Lending Partners
Nautilus or Nautilus Solar   Nautilus Solar Energy, LLC                                     or SSLP                                Holdings (I and II) LP, and
NCIB                         Normal Course Issuer Bid                                                                              Sagard Senior Lending Partners
Northleaf                    Northleaf Capital Group Ltd.                                                                          Holdings (I-U and II-U) LP
NYSE                         New York Stock Exchange                                      Sanoptis                               Sanoptis AG
OECD                         Organisation for Economic Co-operation                       SGS                                    SGS SA
                               and Development                                            SIX                                    Swiss Stock Exchange
Ontex                        Ontex Group NV                                               SPEC                                   Sagard Private Equity Canada LP
OSFI                         Office of the Superintendent of                              TSX                                    Toronto Stock Exchange
                               Financial Institutions                                     Umicore                                Umicore, NV/SA
PanAgora                     PanAgora Asset Management, Inc.                              USPF                                   GWL U.S. Property Fund L.P.
Pargesa                      Pargesa SA                                                   Wealthsimple                           Wealthsimple Financial Corp.
Parjointco                   Parjointco SA                                                Webhelp                                Webhelp Group
Parques Reunidos             Parques Reunidos Servicios Centrales, S.A.                   XETR                                   XETRA Stock Exchange




                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                       A  75
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       SUMMARY OF QUARTERLY RESULTS




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                        2024                                                       2023                                                2022
                                                                                              Q2          Q1               Q4            Q3            Q2            Q1               Q4           Q3         Q2         Q1



                                       Insurance revenue                                   5,273       5,250            5,174         5,110         5,081        5,037            5,442         4,648      4,762      4,780
                                       Net investment income                               2,548       2,516            2,500         2,391         2,154        2,150            2,151         2,061      1,981      1,420
                                       Change in FVPL on investments                        (848)     (1,333)         11,098         (5,414)       (2,626)       3,606            1,356         (7,350)   (13,683)   (11,301)
                                       Fee income and other revenues                       2,935       2,729            2,601         2,569         2,564        2,433            2,378         2,296      2,350      2,243
                                       Total revenues                                      9,908       9,162          21,373          4,656         7,173       13,226           11,327         1,655      (4,590)    (2,858)

                                       Net earnings [1]                                      730         709              406           975           501           313               89          643        601        862
                                         per share – basic                                  1.12         1.09             0.63         1.47          0.75          0.47             0.14         0.96        0.89       1.28
                                         per share – diluted                                1.12         1.08             0.61         1.47          0.75          0.47             0.13         0.96        0.86       1.27
                                       Earnings from continuing operations
                                       Net earnings from continuing
                                        operations [1]                                       730         758              409           997           550           326              106          642        606        862
                                         per share – basic                                  1.12         1.17             0.63         1.50          0.82          0.49             0.16         0.96        0.90       1.28
                                         per share – diluted                                1.12         1.16             0.61         1.50          0.82          0.49             0.15         0.96        0.87       1.27
                                       Adjusted net earnings from
                                        continuing operations [1][2][3][4]                   761         703              645         1,006           842           588              487          529        649        440
                                         per share – basic [2]                              1.17         1.08             0.99         1.52          1.26          0.88             0.73         0.79        0.97       0.65
                                       Adjustments [2][3][4][5]                              (31)          55            (236)            (9)        (292)         (262)            (381)         113         (43)      422
                                         per share – basic [2]                             (0.05)        0.09            (0.36)        (0.02)        (0.44)       (0.39)           (0.57)        0.17       (0.07)      0.63
                                       [1] Attributable to participating shareholders.
                                       [2] Adjusted net earnings from continuing operations attributable to participating shareholders and adjusted net earnings from continuing operations per share, and
                                           adjustments and adjustments per share are non-IFRS financial measures. For a definition of these non-IFRS financial measures, please refer to the section “Non-IFRS
                                           Financial Measures” in this MD&A.
                                       [3] Effective the first quarter of 2024, the Corporation modified the definition of adjusted net earnings. Refer to the section “Non-IFRS Financial Measures”. The comparative
                                           periods have been restated to reflect this change.
                                       [4] GMT legislation was enacted in Canada on June 20, 2024 and applies retroactively to January 1, 2024. As a result, the comparative results for adjusted net earnings and
                                           Adjustments for the first quarter of 2024 are presented on a pro forma basis as if the legislation had been enacted in the first quarter of 2024. Refer to the section
                                           “Statement Regarding Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Measures” in this MD&A.
                                       [5] The Corporation’s share of Lifeco, IGM and Sagard and Power Sustainable’s Adjustments, including the effect of consolidation, and Adjustments of the Corporation,
                                           including in relation to its investment in ChinaAMC, are as follows:
                                                                                                        2024                                                       2023                                                2022
                                                                                              Q2          Q1               Q4            Q3            Q2            Q1               Q4           Q3         Q2         Q1

                                           Lifeco
                                             Pre-tax                                         (29)         11             (398)           (13)        (297)         (200)            (366)         153         (30)      524
                                             Tax effect                                        6          20              224              2           57            39               70           (38)       (18)     (109)
                                                                                             (23)         31             (174)           (11)        (240)         (161)            (296)         115         (48)      415
                                           IGM
                                             Pre-tax                                           (3)          −              (13)            −           (72)           (9)             (14)           6          9        19
                                             Tax effect                                        −            1               (1)            −           17              7                2           (1)        (2)        (4)
                                                                                               (3)          1              (14)            −           (55)           (2)             (12)           5          7        15
                                           Sagard and Power Sustainable
                                             Pre-tax                                           (5)        23               (48)            2             3          (45)              (73)          (7)        (2)       (11)
                                             Tax effect                                        −            −                −             −             −             −                −           −          −           3
                                                                                               (5)        23               (48)            2             3          (45)              (73)          (7)        (2)        (8)
                                           ChinaAMC
                                               Pre-tax                                         −            −                −             −             −          (14)                −           −          −          −
                                               Tax effect                                      −            −                −             −             −          (40)                −           −          −          −
                                                                                               −            −                −             −             −          (54)                −           −          −          −
                                                                                             (31)         55             (236)            (9)        (292)         (262)            (381)         113         (43)      422




                                             A  76                                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA


CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS




                                                                                                                                                                PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
(unaudited)                                                                                                                         June 30 ,   December 31 ,
[in millions of Canadian dollars]                                                                                                     2024            2023

Assets
Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                            10,890           9,937
Investments [Note 4]
  Bonds                                                                                                                             156,591         157,336
  Mortgage and other loans                                                                                                           43,617          43,568
  Shares                                                                                                                             17,886          16,588
  Investment properties                                                                                                               7,910           7,870
                                                                                                                                    226,004         225,362
Insurance contract assets [Note 7]                                                                                                    1,315           1,193
Reinsurance contract held assets [Note 7]                                                                                            17,180          17,332
Assets held for sale [Note 3]                                                                                                              –          4,467
Derivative financial instruments                                                                                                      2,040           2,349
Investments in jointly controlled corporations and associates [Note 5]                                                                8,292           8,152
Owner-occupied properties and capital assets                                                                                          5,292           5,082
Other assets                                                                                                                         36,030          29,434
Deferred tax assets                                                                                                                   1,963           1,894
Intangible assets                                                                                                                     6,789           6,690
Goodwill                                                                                                                             14,803          14,630
Investments on account of segregated fund policyholders [Note 6]                                                                    460,231         422,956
Total assets                                                                                                                        790,829         749,478

Liabilities
Insurance contract liabilities [Note 7]                                                                                             145,282         144,388
Investment contract liabilities                                                                                                      87,070          88,919
Reinsurance contract held liabilities [Note 7]                                                                                         731               648
Liabilities held for sale [Note 3]                                                                                                         –          2,407
Obligations to securitization entities                                                                                                4,651           4,688
Power Corporation’s debentures and other debt instruments [Note 8]                                                                     647               647
Non-recourse debentures and other debt instruments [Note 9]                                                                          14,947          14,625
Derivative financial instruments                                                                                                      1,736           1,351
Other liabilities                                                                                                                    32,214          26,368
Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                                              1,160           1,216
Insurance contracts on account of segregated fund policyholders [Note 7]                                                             62,473          60,302
Investment contracts on account of segregated fund policyholders                                                                    397,758         362,654
Total liabilities                                                                                                                   748,669         708,213

Equity
Share capital [Note 10]
 Non-participating shares                                                                                                              950               950
 Participating shares                                                                                                                 9,259           9,284
Retained earnings                                                                                                                    10,774          10,005
Reserves                                                                                                                              1,716           1,904
Total shareholders’ equity                                                                                                           22,699          22,143
Non-controlling interests                                                                                                            19,461          19,122
Total equity                                                                                                                         42,160          41,265
Total liabilities and equity                                                                                                        790,829         749,478




                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                A  77
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




                                       CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EARNINGS




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       (unaudited)                                                                                                 Three months ended June 30,                  Six months ended June 30,
                                       [in millions of Canadian dollars, except per share amounts]                                                    2024               2023                     2024              2023

                                       Insurance service result
                                       Insurance revenue [Note 14]                                                                                    5,273                  5,081              10,523            10,118
                                       Insurance service expenses                                                                                    (4,057)                 (3,963)            (8,124)           (7,958)
                                       Net expense from reinsurance contracts                                                                          (385)                   (415)              (771)             (757)
                                       Total insurance service result                                                                                   831                     703              1,628             1,403

                                       Net investment result
                                       Net investment income [Note 4]                                                                                 2,548                  2,154               5,064             4,304
                                       Changes in fair value through profit or loss [Note 4]                                                           (848)                 (2,626)            (2,181)              980
                                                                                                                                                      1,700                    (472)             2,883             5,284
                                       Net finance income (expenses) from insurance contracts                                                          (209)                    631               (182)           (2,939)
                                       Net finance income (expenses) from reinsurance contracts                                                        (114)                      (6)             (165)               87
                                       Changes in investment contract liabilities                                                                      (573)                    286               (744)           (1,596)
                                       Net investment result                                                                                            804                     439              1,792               836

                                       Net investment result – Insurance contracts on account of segregated
                                        fund policyholders
                                       Net investment income (loss)                                                                                     446                     914              2,919             2,635
                                       Net finance income (expenses) from insurance contracts                                                          (446)                   (914)            (2,919)           (2,635)
                                       Net investment result – Insurance contracts on account of segregated
                                        fund policyholders                                                                                                  –                      –                 –                  –

                                       Other revenues
                                       Fee income                                                                                                     2,735                  2,377               5,306             4,669
                                       Other                                                                                                            200                     187               358                328
                                       Total fee income and other revenues                                                                            2,935                  2,564               5,664             4,997

                                       Other expenses
                                       Operating and administrative expenses                                                                          2,907                  2,829               5,807             5,462
                                       Financing charges                                                                                                202                     186               403                377
                                       Total other expenses                                                                                           3,109                  3,015               6,210             5,839
                                       Earnings before investments in jointly controlled corporations and
                                         associates, and income taxes                                                                                 1,461                     691              2,874             1,397
                                       Share of earnings of investments in jointly controlled corporations and
                                         associates [Note 5]                                                                                             73                     248               137                281
                                       Earnings before income taxes                                                                                   1,534                     939              3,011             1,678
                                       Income taxes [Note 16]                                                                                           305                      88               539                208
                                       Net earnings from continuing operations                                                                        1,229                     851              2,472             1,470
                                       Net loss from discontinued operations                                                                                –                   (71)              (115)              (90)
                                       Net gain from disposal of discontinued operations [Note 3]                                                           –                      –               44                   –
                                       Net earnings                                                                                                   1,229                     780              2,401             1,380


                                       Attributable to
                                        Non-controlling interests                                                                                       486                     266               936                540
                                        Non-participating shareholders                                                                                   13                      13                26                 26
                                        Participating shareholders                                                                                      730                     501              1,439               814
                                                                                                                                                      1,229                     780              2,401             1,380


                                       Earnings per participating share [Note 18]
                                       Net earnings from continuing operations attributable
                                        to participating shareholders
                                        Basic                                                                                                          1.12                    0.82               2.29              1.31
                                        Diluted                                                                                                        1.12                    0.82               2.27              1.31
                                       Net earnings attributable to participating shareholders
                                        Basic                                                                                                          1.12                    0.75               2.21              1.22
                                        Diluted                                                                                                        1.12                    0.75               2.20              1.22




                                             A  78                                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME




                                                                                                                                                                            PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
(unaudited)                                                                                                     Three months ended June 30,    Six months ended June 30,
[in millions of Canadian dollars]                                                                                   2024              2023      2024               2023

Net earnings                                                                                                      1,229                780     2,401              1,380

Other comprehensive income (loss)
 Items that may be reclassified subsequently to net earnings
 Net unrealized gains (losses) on FVOCI debt instruments
   Unrealized gains (losses)                                                                                            8             (197)       (34)               (12)
    Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                                       (3)               3          6                (40)
   Realized (gains) losses transferred to net earnings                                                                19               178        38                 214
    Income tax expense (benefit)                                                                                       (4)               (4)       (9)               (12)
                                                                                                                      20               (20)         1                150
  Net unrealized gains (losses) on cash flow hedges
   Unrealized gains (losses)                                                                                          (36)              61        (12)               60
     Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                                     10               (13)         6                (21)
   Realized (gains) losses transferred to net earnings                                                                  9              (17)         4                (45)
     Income tax expense (benefit)                                                                                      (2)               5         (1)               13
                                                                                                                      (19)              36         (3)                7
  Net unrealized foreign exchange gains (losses) on translation
   of foreign operations
   Unrealized gains (losses) on translation                                                                          233              (350)      497               (213)
     Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                                       –                 –         –                 5
   Realized (gains) losses transferred to net earnings                                                                  –                 –     (265)                  –
   Unrealized gains (losses) on hedges of net investments
     in foreign operations                                                                                              2               36        (62)               10
     Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                                       5              (10)       12                  (8)
                                                                                                                     240              (324)      182               (206)
  Share of other comprehensive income (losses) of investments
   in jointly controlled corporations and associates                                                                  39              (178)       71               (110)
   Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                                         1                 –         1                 6
                                                                                                                      40              (178)       72               (104)

  Total – items that may be reclassified                                                                             281              (486)      252               (153)

  Items that will not be reclassified subsequently to net earnings
  Net unrealized gains (losses) on FVOCI equity instruments
    Unrealized gains (losses)                                                                                       (249)              (36)     (325)                (34)
    Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                                      64                  –       83                  (2)
                                                                                                                    (185)              (36)     (242)                (36)
  Share of other comprehensive income (losses) of investments
   in jointly controlled corporations and associates                                                                (157)              (40)     (156)                141

  Actuarial gains (losses) on defined benefit plans                                                                  119               (20)      338                 (89)
   Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                                       (30)               5        (86)               19
                                                                                                                      89               (15)      252                 (70)

  Total – items that will not be reclassified                                                                       (253)              (91)     (146)                35


Other comprehensive income (loss)                                                                                     28              (577)      106               (118)

Comprehensive income                                                                                              1,257                203     2,507              1,262


Attributable to
 Non-controlling interests                                                                                           551               107     1,030                 501
 Non-participating shareholders                                                                                       13                13        26                 26
 Participating shareholders                                                                                          693                83     1,451                 735
                                                                                                                  1,257                203     2,507              1,262




                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                            A  79
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




                                       CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                            Share capital                                                                    Reserves
                                       Six months ended                                                                                                    Other
                                       June 30, 2024                                Non-                                                           comprehensive                                   Non-
                                       (unaudited)                          participating    Participating       Retained       Share-based              income                              controlling     Total
                                       [in millions of Canadian dollars]           shares           shares       earnings      compensation            [Note 17]                 Total         interests    equity

                                       Balance, beginning of year                   950            9,284          10,005                  408                1,496              1,904          19,122      41,265
                                       Net earnings                                    –                 –          1,465                     –                    –                    –          936      2,401
                                       Other comprehensive income                      –                 –                –                   –                  12                12               94       106
                                       Comprehensive income                            –                 –          1,465                     –                  12                12            1,030      2,507

                                       Subordinate voting shares
                                         purchased and cancelled
                                         under Normal Course Issuer Bid
                                         [Note 10]                                     –              (74)           (115)                    –                    –                    –             –      (189)
                                       Dividends to shareholders
                                         Non-participating shares                      –                 –             (26)                   –                    –                    –             –       (26)
                                         Participating shares                          –                 –           (731)                    –                    –                    –             –      (731)
                                       Dividends to non-controlling
                                         interests                                     –                 –                –                   –                    –                    –         (533)      (533)
                                       Expense for share-based
                                         compensation [Note 11]                        –                 –                –                 13                     –               13                 9        22
                                       Stock options exercised                         –               49                 –                (54)                    –               (54)             50         45
                                       Realized gains on FVOCI equity
                                         instruments transferred to
                                         retained earnings                             –                 –            135                     –                (135)             (135)                –          –
                                       Effects of changes in
                                         capital and ownership of
                                         subsidiaries, and other                       –                 –             41                  (26)                    2               (24)           (217)      (200)
                                       Balance, end of period                       950            9,259          10,774                  341                1,375              1,716          19,461      42,160

                                                                                            Share capital                                                                    Reserves
                                       Six months ended                                                                                                    Other
                                       June 30, 2023                                Non-                                                           comprehensive                                   Non-
                                       (unaudited)                          participating    Participating       Retained       Share-based              income                              controlling     Total
                                       [in millions of Canadian dollars]           shares           shares       earnings      compensation            [Note 17]                 Total         interests    equity

                                       Balance, beginning of year                   950            9,486            9,381                 378                1,666              2,044          18,694      40,555
                                       Net earnings                                    –                 –            840                     –                    –                    –          540      1,380
                                       Other comprehensive loss                        –                 –                –                   –                 (79)               (79)             (39)     (118)
                                       Comprehensive income                            –                 –            840                     –                 (79)               (79)            501      1,262

                                       Subordinate voting shares
                                         purchased and cancelled
                                         under Normal Course Issuer Bid
                                         [Note 10]                                     –              (52)             (71)                   –                    –                    –             –      (123)
                                       Dividends to shareholders                       –                 –                –                   –                    –                    –             –
                                         Non-participating shares                      –                 –             (26)                   –                    –                    –             –       (26)
                                         Participating shares                          –                 –           (698)                    –                    –                    –             –      (698)
                                       Dividends to non-controlling
                                         interests                                     –                 –                –                   –                    –                    –         (511)      (511)
                                       Expense for share-based
                                         compensation [Note 11]                        –                 –                –                 36                     –               36               17         53
                                       Stock options exercised                         –               13                 –                (31)                    –               (31)             30         12
                                       Realized gains on FVOCI equity
                                         instruments transferred to
                                         retained earnings                             –                 –               9                    –                   (9)                  (9)            –          –
                                       Effects of changes in
                                         capital and ownership of
                                         subsidiaries, and other                       –                 –             26                     2                    3                   5          (120)       (89)
                                       Balance, end of period                       950            9,447            9,461                 385                1,581              1,966          18,611      40,435




                                             A  80                                     P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS




                                                                                                                                                                                       PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
(unaudited)                                                                                                                                            Six months ended June 30,
[in millions of Canadian dollars]                                                                                                                    2024                   2023 [1]

Operating activities
Earnings before income taxes from continuing and discontinued operations                                                                           2,851                   1,563
Income tax paid, net of refunds                                                                                                                     (488)                   (438)
Adjusting items
  Change in insurance contract liabilities                                                                                                           (424)                 1,619
  Change in investment contract liabilities                                                                                                        (4,360)                (3,066)
  Change in reinsurance contract held liabilities                                                                                                      72                     85
  Change in reinsurance contract held assets                                                                                                          551                    522
  Change in insurance contract assets                                                                                                                (110)                  (299)
  Changes in fair value through profit or loss                                                                                                      2,181                   (980)
  Lifeco’s insurance and investment contract-related activities
    Sales, maturities and repayments of investments                                                                                               21,226                 20,178
    Purchases of investments                                                                                                                     (19,120)               (17,205)
  Other                                                                                                                                             (185)                   920
                                                                                                                                                   2,194                  2,899

Financing activities
Dividends paid
  By subsidiaries to non-controlling interests                                                                                                       (532)                  (511)
  Non-participating shares                                                                                                                             (26)                   (26)
  Participating shares                                                                                                                               (708)                  (680)
                                                                                                                                                   (1,266)                (1,217)
Issue of equity
  Corporation’s subordinate voting shares [Note 10]                                                                                                   45                      12
  Subsidiaries’ common shares                                                                                                                         93                     170
Issuance of investment funds’ limited-life and redeemable units                                                                                      205                     250
Repurchase or redemption of equity
  Corporation’s subordinate voting shares for cancellation under normal course issuer bid [Note 10]                                                  (189)                  (123)
  Subsidiaries’ common shares                                                                                                                          (97)                   (94)
Redemption of investment funds’ limited-life and redeemable units                                                                                        (5)                (101)
Acquisition of non-controlling interests                                                                                                               (35)                     –
Non-recourse debentures and other debt instruments [Note 9]
  Issuance of debentures and increase in other debt instruments                                                                                       310                  1,580
  Repayment of debentures and decrease in other debt instruments                                                                                     (196)                (1,416)
Repayment of lease liabilities                                                                                                                         (54)                   (53)
Increase in obligations to securitization entities                                                                                                    644                    409
Repayments of obligations to securitization entities and other                                                                                       (716)                  (550)
                                                                                                                                                   (1,261)                (1,133)

Investing activities
Sales, maturities and repayment of investments                                                                                                      1,684                  1,841
Purchases of investments                                                                                                                           (1,381)                (1,955)
Investments in jointly controlled corporations and associates [Note 5]                                                                               (251)                  (950)
Impact from the disposal of discontinued operations                                                                                                  (211)                     –
Business acquisitions, net of cash and cash equivalents acquired                                                                                       (25)                 (175)
Acquisition of capital assets, properties and other                                                                                                  (352)                  (644)
                                                                                                                                                     (536)                (1,883)
Effect of changes in exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents                                                                                     181                      (74)
Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                     578                    (191)
Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year                                                                                                      10,312                   9,848
Cash and cash equivalents from continuing and discontinued operations, end of period                                                              10,890                   9,657
Less: Cash and cash equivalents from discontinued operations, end of period                                                                            –                    (258)
Cash and cash equivalents from continuing operations, end of period                                                                               10,890                   9,399


Net cash from operating activities includes
Interest and dividends received                                                                                                                    4,523                   4,054
Interest paid                                                                                                                                        535                     424
[1] The Corporation has reclassified certain comparative figures to conform to the current period’s presentation. These classifications had no impact on the equity or net earnings
    of the Corporation.




                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                    A  81
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




                                       NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (unaudited)




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       (ALL TABULAR AMOUNTS ARE IN MILLIONS OF CANADIAN DOLLARS, UNLESS OTHERWISE NOTED)


                                       Note 1      Corporate Information                                         82             Note 10          Share Capital                                                       98
                                       Note 2      Basis of Presentation and Summary of Material                                Note 11          Share-Based Compensation                                            100
                                                   Accounting Policies                                           83             Note 12          Capital Management                                                  102
                                       Note 3      Business Acquisitions and Other Transaction                   86             Note 13          Risk Management                                                     104
                                       Note 4      Investments                                                   87             Note 14          Insurance Revenue                                                   110
                                       Note 5      Investments in Jointly Controlled Corporations                               Note 15          Restructuring and Integration Expenses                              110
                                                   and Associates                                                89
                                                                                                                                Note 16          Income Taxes                                                        111
                                       Note 6      Segregated Funds and Other Structured Entities                90
                                                                                                                                Note 17          Other Comprehensive Income                                          112
                                       Note 7      Insurance Contracts and Reinsurance Contracts Held 92
                                                                                                                                Note 18          Earnings Per Share                                                  113
                                       Note 8      Power Corporation’s Debentures and
                                                   Other Debt Instruments                                        94             Note 19          Fair Value Measurement                                              114
                                       Note 9      Non-Recourse Debentures and                                                  Note 20          Segmented Information                                               119
                                                   Other Debt Instruments                                        95

                                       The following abbreviations are used in these Consolidated Financial Statements:

                                       Canada Life                    The Canada Life Assurance Company                             OSFI                                 Office of the Superintendent of Financial
                                                                                                                                                                          Institutions
                                       ChinaAMC                       China Asset Management Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                                    PAA                                  Premium allocation approach
                                       CSM                            Contractual service margin
                                                                                                                                    Parjointco                           Parjointco SA
                                       Empower                        Empower Annuity Insurance Company
                                                                       of America                                                   Portage Ventures I                   Portag3 Ventures Limited Partnership
                                       FVOCI                          Fair value through other comprehensive income                 Portage Ventures II                  Portag3 Ventures II Limited Partnership
                                       FVPL                           Fair value through profit or loss                             Portage Ventures III                 Portage Ventures III Limited Partnership
                                       GBL                            Groupe Bruxelles Lambert                                      Power Corporation or                 Power Corporation of Canada
                                                                                                                                     the Corporation
                                       IFRS                           International Financial Reporting Standards
                                                                                                                                    Power Financial                      Power Financial Corporation
                                       IGM or IGM Financial           IGM Financial Inc.
                                                                                                                                    Power Sustainable                    Power Sustainable Capital Inc.
                                       IG Wealth Management           Investors Group Inc.
                                                                                                                                    Rockefeller                          Rockefeller Capital Management
                                       Lifeco                         Great-West Lifeco Inc.
                                                                                                                                    Sagard                               Sagard Holdings Inc.
                                       Lion                           The Lion Electric Co.
                                                                                                                                    TSX                                  Toronto Stock Exchange
                                       Mackenzie or                   Mackenzie Financial Corporation
                                        Mackenzie Investments                                                                       Wealthsimple                         Wealthsimple Financial Corp.
                                       Northleaf                      Northleaf Capital Group Ltd.




                                       NOTE 1 CORPORATE INFORMATION

                                       Power Corporation of Canada is a publicly listed company (TSX: POW; POW.PR.E) incorporated and domiciled in Canada
                                       and located at 751 Victoria Square, Montréal, Quebec, Canada, H2Y 2J3.
                                       Power Corporation is an international management and holding company that focuses on financial services in North America,
                                       Europe and Asia. Its core holdings are leading insurance, retirement, wealth management and investment businesses,
                                       including a portfolio of alternative asset investment platforms.
                                       The unaudited Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (financial statements) of Power Corporation as at and
                                       for the three months and six months ended June 30, 2024 were approved by its Board of Directors on August 8, 2024.




                                              A  82                                           P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




NOTE 2 BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES




                                                                                                                                           PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
BASIS OF PRESENTATION
The financial statements of Power Corporation as at June 30, 2024 have been prepared in accordance with International
Accounting Standard 34 – Interim Financial Reporting (IAS 34) using the same accounting policies as set out in Note 2 to the
consolidated financial statements of the Corporation for the year ended December 31, 2023 except as described in the
section Changes in Accounting Policies below.
The financial statements include the accounts of Power Corporation and its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis after
elimination of intercompany transactions and balances and consolidation adjustments.
The financial statements of Power Corporation include, on a consolidated basis, the results of Power Financial, a reporting
issuer in all of the provinces and territories of Canada, and Lifeco and IGM Financial, which are both public companies. The
amounts shown on the consolidated balance sheets (balance sheets), consolidated statements of earnings (statements of
earnings), consolidated statements of comprehensive income (statements of comprehensive income), consolidated
statements of changes in equity (statements of changes in equity) and consolidated statements of cash flows (statements of
cash flows) are mainly derived from the publicly disclosed consolidated financial statements of Lifeco and IGM Financial, all
as at and for the three months and six months ended June 30, 2024. Certain notes to Power Corporation’s financial statements
are derived from the notes to the financial statements of Lifeco and IGM Financial.

SUBSIDIARIES
Subsidiaries, including controlled investment funds, are entities the Corporation controls when: (i) the Corporation has power
over the entity; (ii) it is exposed or has rights to variable returns from its involvement; and (iii) it has the ability to affect those
returns through its use of power over the entity. Subsidiaries of the Corporation are consolidated from the date of acquisition,
being the date on which the Corporation obtains control, and continue to be consolidated until the date such control ceases.
The Corporation reassesses whether or not it controls an entity if facts and circumstances indicate there are changes to one
or more of the elements of control.

JOINTLY CONTROLLED CORPORATIONS AND ASSOCIATES
Jointly controlled corporations are entities in which unanimous consent is required for decisions relating to relevant activities.
Associates are entities in which the Corporation exercises significant influence over the entity’s operating and financial
policies, without having control or joint control. Investments in jointly controlled corporations and associates are accounted
for using the equity method. Under the equity method, the Corporation recognizes its share of net earnings (losses) and other
comprehensive income (loss) of the jointly controlled corporations and associates, and dividends received.
In the case of investments in jointly controlled corporations and associates held by entities that meet the definition of a venture
capital organization, the Corporation has elected to measure certain of its investments in jointly controlled corporations and
associates at FVPL.




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4    A  83
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




                                       NOTE 2          BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES, JOINTLY CONTROLLED CORPORATIONS AND ASSOCIATES

                                       The financial statements of Power Corporation include the operations of the following direct and indirect subsidiaries and
                                       investments in jointly controlled corporations and associates:
                                                                                                                                                                                                    % equity interest
                                                                                                                                                                                                   June 30,    December 31,
                                       Corporation                                            Classification       Incorporated in         Primary business operation                                2024            2023
                                       Holding company
                                       Power Corporation of Canada                            Parent               Canada                  Holding company
                                       Power Financial Corporation                            Subsidiary           Canada                  Holding company                                          100.0               100.0
                                       Publicly traded companies
                                       Great-West Lifeco Inc. [1][2]                          Subsidiary           Canada                  Financial services holding company                         70.5               70.5
                                         The Canada Life Assurance Company                    Subsidiary           Canada                  Insurance and wealth management                          100.0               100.0
                                         Irish Life Group Limited                             Subsidiary           Ireland                 Insurance and wealth management                          100.0               100.0
                                         Empower Annuity Insurance                            Subsidiary           United States           Financial services                                       100.0               100.0
                                            Company of America
                                       IGM Financial Inc. [3]                                 Subsidiary           Canada                  Wealth and asset management                                66.4               66.0
                                         IG Wealth Management                                 Subsidiary           Canada                  Financial services                                       100.0               100.0
                                         Mackenzie Financial Corporation                      Subsidiary           Canada                  Asset management company                                 100.0               100.0
                                              China Asset Management Co., Ltd.                Associate            China                   Asset management company                                   27.8               27.8
                                              Northleaf Capital Group Ltd. [4]                Associate            Canada                  Alternative asset manager                                  70.0               70.0
                                         Rockefeller Capital Management                       Associate            United States           Financial services                                         20.5               20.5
                                       Parjointco SA                                          Joint control        Belgium                 Holding company                                            50.0               50.0
                                              Groupe Bruxelles Lambert [5]                    Subsidiary           Belgium                 Holding company                                            32.9               31.0
                                       Alternative asset investment platforms
                                         and other
                                       Power Sustainable Capital Inc.                         Subsidiary           Canada                  Holding company                                          100.0               100.0
                                         Power Sustainable Manager Inc. [6]                   Subsidiary           Canada                  Alternative asset manager                                  95.5              100.0
                                         Power Sustainable Energy Infrastructure              Subsidiary           Canada                  Renewable energy fund                                      52.3               52.9
                                          Partnership [7]
                                         Potentia Renewables Inc.                             Subsidiary           Canada                  Renewable energy                                         100.0               100.0
                                         Nautilus Solar Energy, LLC                           Subsidiary           United States           Renewable energy                                         100.0               100.0
                                       Sagard Holdings Inc.                                   Subsidiary           Canada                  Holding company                                          100.0               100.0
                                         Sagard Holdings Management Inc. [8]                  Subsidiary           Canada                  Alternative asset manager                                 64.7                66.4
                                         Wealthsimple Financial Corp. [9]                     Subsidiary           Canada                  Financial services                                        55.1                56.6
                                         Portag3 Ventures LP [10]                             Subsidiary           Canada                  Venture capital fund                                     100.0               100.0
                                         Portag3 Ventures II LP [11]                          Subsidiary           Canada                  Venture capital fund                                       27.9               27.9
                                         Portage Ventures III LP [12]                         Subsidiary           Canada                  Venture capital fund                                       15.4               15.4
                                       Standalone Businesses
                                         LMPG Inc.                                            Subsidiary           Canada                  Lighting solutions                                         49.6               49.6
                                         Peak Achievement Athletics Inc.                      Joint control        Canada                  Manufacturer of sports equipment                           42.6               42.6
                                                                                                                                              and apparel
                                         The Lion Electric Co.                                Associate            Canada                  Manufacturer of zero-emission vehicles                     34.1               34.1
                                        [1]     Power Financial holds a 68.1% equity interest and IGM Financial holds a 2.4% equity interest in Lifeco.
                                        [2]     On January 1, 2024, Lifeco completed the sale of its interest in Putnam US Holdings I, LLC (Note 3).
                                        [3]     Power Financial holds a 62.5% equity interest and Canada Life holds a 3.9% equity interest in IGM Financial (62.1% and 3.9%, respectively, at December 31, 2023).
                                        [4]     Represents a 49.9% non-controlling voting interest. Held through an acquisition vehicle 80% owned by Mackenzie Investments and 20% by Lifeco.
                                        [5]     Parjointco has a controlling interest in GBL and holds 47.0% of the voting interest (45.3% at December 31, 2023).
                                        [6]     On May 6, 2024, Lifeco and Power Sustainable Manager Inc. announced that they had entered into a long-term strategic partnership and Lifeco acquired a minority
                                                interest in Power Sustainable Manager Inc. At June 30, 2024, Power Corporation and Lifeco held an equity interest of 74.7% and 20.8%, respectively, in Power
                                                Sustainable Manager Inc. (100% held by Power Corporation at December 31, 2023).
                                        [7]     Power Corporation holds a 37.7% equity interest and Lifeco holds a 14.6% equity interest in Power Sustainable Energy Infrastructure Partnership (38.2% and 14.7%,
                                                respectively, at December 31, 2023).
                                        [8]     Power Corporation and Lifeco hold an equity interest of 52.0% and 12.7%, respectively, in Sagard Holdings Management Inc. (53.5% and 12.9%, respectively, at
                                                December 31, 2023).
                                        [9]     Power Financial, Portage Ventures I and IGM Financial hold an equity interest of 14.0%, 10.5% and 30.6%, respectively, in Wealthsimple (14.4%, 10.9% and 31.3%,
                                                respectively, at December 31, 2023).
                                       [10]     Power Financial holds a 63.0% equity interest and Lifeco and IGM Financial each hold an equity interest of 18.5% in Portage Ventures I.
                                       [11]     Power Financial, Lifeco and IGM Financial each hold an equal equity interest of 7.7% and Sagard holds a 4.7% equity interest in Portage Ventures II.
                                       [12]     Sagard, Lifeco and IGM Financial hold an equity interest of 2.4%, 9.0% and 4.0%, respectively, in Portage Ventures III.




                                               A  84                                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




NOTE 2      BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)




                                                                                                                                                 PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES
The Corporation adopted the amendments to IFRS for IAS 7, Statement of Cash Flows, IFRS 7, Financial Instruments:
Disclosures, and IFRS 16, Leases effective January 1, 2024. The adoption of these amendments did not have a material impact
on the Corporation’s financial statements.

USE OF SIGNIFICANT JUDGMENTS, ESTIMATES AND ASSUMPTIONS
In the preparation of the financial statements, management of the Corporation and management of its subsidiaries are
required to make significant judgments, estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, net
earnings, comprehensive income and related disclosures. Key sources of estimation uncertainty and areas where significant
judgments have been made by the management of the Corporation and management of its subsidiaries are further described
in the relevant accounting policies in the Corporation’s consolidated financial statements and notes thereto for the year ended
December 31, 2023.

FUTURE ACCOUNTING CHANGES
The Corporation and its subsidiaries monitor changes in IFRS, both proposed and released, by the International Accounting
Standards Board (IASB) and analyze the effect that changes in the standards may have on the consolidated financial
statements when they become effective. The following sets out standards released and updates since the December 31, 2023
financial statements.
Standard                         Summary of future changes

IFRS 18 –                        In April 2024, the IASB published IFRS 18, Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements (IFRS 18). The
Presentation and Disclosure      standard aims to improve how companies communicate information in their financial statements, with a
in Financial Statements          focus on information about financial performance in the statement of earnings.
                                 IFRS 18 will require corporations to:
                                     Provide defined subtotals in the statement of earnings;
                                       Disclose information for any management-defined performance measures related to the statement of
                                          earnings; and
                                       Implement principles for the grouping of information in the financial statements, and whether to
                                          provide it in the primary financial statements or notes.
                                 The standard is effective for annual reporting periods beginning on or after January 1, 2027, with earlier
                                 application permitted. The Corporation is evaluating the impact of the adoption of this standard.

IFRS 9 –                         In May 2024, the IASB published amendments to IFRS 9, Financial Instruments and IFRS 7, Financial
Financial Instruments and        Instruments: Disclosures. The amendments clarify the classification of financial assets with environmental,
IFRS 7 -                         social and corporate governance and similar features, the settlement of liabilities through electronic
Financial Instruments:           payment systems, and introduce additional disclosure requirements to enhance transparency for investors.
Disclosures                      These amendments are effective for annual reporting periods beginning on or after January 1, 2026, with
                                 earlier application permitted. The Corporation is evaluating the impact of the adoption of these
                                 amendments.




                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4         A  85
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




                                       NOTE 3 BUSINESS ACQUISITIONS AND OTHER TRANSACTION




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       LIFECO
                                       Putnam U.S. Holdings I, LLC
                                       On January 1, 2024, Lifeco completed the sale of Putnam U.S. Holdings I, LLC (Putnam Investments) to Franklin Resources, Inc.
                                       (Franklin Templeton) in exchange for Franklin Templeton common shares, cash, and contingent consideration of up to
                                       US$375 million over a five- to seven-year period. Lifeco has retained its controlling interest in PanAgora Holdings Inc. and its
                                       subsidiary PanAgora Asset Management Inc. (collectively, PanAgora), a quantitative asset manager, and certain assets,
                                       including deferred tax assets, related to Putnam Investments. Lifeco currently holds approximately 31,600,000 Franklin
                                       Templeton common shares and will hold a majority of these shares for a minimum five-year period.
                                       In the 2023 financial statements, the net earnings (loss) and cash flows of Putnam Investments were classified as discontinued
                                       operations within the Lifeco segment, and the related assets and liabilities were classified as held for sale. Financial
                                       information relating to the sale of the discontinued operation is set out below, reflecting total estimated fair value of
                                       consideration of $1,909 million. Included in the results for the six months ended June 30, 2024, are $115 million of closing
                                       and final adjustments to the carrying value, resulting in a net gain on sale of $44 million after tax.
                                                                                                                                                                                     January 1, 2024

                                       Consideration received or receivable:
                                        Fair value of Franklin Templeton common shares (US$29.79 per share)                                                                                   1,321
                                        Net cash and other deferred and contingent consideration                                                                                                588
                                        Non-controlling interest in sale of Putnam Investments                                                                                                 (123)
                                       Total net proceeds on disposal of Putnam Investments                                                                                                   1,786

                                       Net carrying value of net assets sold
                                        Carrying value                                                                                                                                        2,010
                                        Foreign exchange translation gains reclassified to earnings on disposal of foreign operations                                                          (211)
                                       Net carrying value of discontinued operations                                                                                                          1,799
                                                                                                                                                                                                (13)
                                       Income tax recovery                                                                                                                                       57
                                       Net gain on sale after income tax                                                                                                                         44


                                       Value Partners Group Inc.
                                       On September 8, 2023, Canada Life, a subsidiary of Lifeco, completed the acquisition of 100% of the equity of Value Partners
                                       Group Inc., a Winnipeg-based investment firm that serves clients with complex and sophisticated wealth needs. As at June 30,
                                       2024, the accounting for the acquisition is not finalized, with the initial amount of $119 million assigned to goodwill on the
                                       date of the acquisition to be adjusted, pending the completion of a comprehensive valuation of the net assets acquired. Final
                                       valuation of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed and the completion of the purchase price allocation will occur by the
                                       third quarter of 2024.




                                           A  86                                     P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




NOTE 4 INVESTMENTS




                                                                                                                                                                                      PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
CARRYING VALUES AND FAIR VALUES
Carrying values and estimated fair values of investments are as follows:
                                                                                                                          June 30, 2024                          December 31, 2023
                                                                                                      Carrying                       Fair           Carrying                   Fair
                                                                                                         value                     value               value                 value

Bonds
 Designated as FVPL                                                                                  142,638                     142,638            143,418               143,418
 Classified as FVPL                                                                                     1,589                      1,589              1,795                 1,795
 FVOCI                                                                                                 12,034                     12,034             11,750                11,750
 Amortized cost                                                                                             330                     330                373                     371
                                                                                                     156,591                     156,591            157,336               157,334
Mortgage and other loans
 Designated as FVPL                                                                                    28,872                     28,872             29,226                29,226
 Classified as FVPL                                                                                     4,458                      4,458              4,233                 4,233
 FVOCI                                                                                                      578                     578                578                     578
 Amortized cost                                                                                         9,709                      9,129              9,531                 8,994
                                                                                                       43,617                     43,037             43,568                43,031
Shares
 Classified as FVPL                                                                                    16,893                     16,893             16,177                16,177
 Designated as FVOCI                                                                                        993                     993                411                     411
                                                                                                       17,886                     17,886             16,588                16,588
Investment properties                                                                                   7,910                      7,910              7,870                 7,870
                                                                                                     226,004                     225,424            225,362               224,823


NET INVESTMENT INCOME
                                                                                         Mortgage and                                 Investment
Three months ended June 30, 2024                                            Bonds          other loans                Shares           properties         Other              Total

Net investment income
 Investment income earned                                                   1,779                   380                  168                127            205              2,659
 Net realized gains (losses) on derecognition of:
   FVOCI assets                                                                (19)                    –                    –                   –                –             (19)
   Amortized cost assets                                                          –                    1                    –                   –                –               1
 Net expected credit loss (ECL) recovery                                          –                    2                    –                   –                –               2
 Other income (expenses)                                                          –                   (2)                   6                (46)              (53)            (95)
                                                                            1,760                   381                  174                  81           152              2,548
Changes in FVPL                                                            (1,065)                  112                   (64)               (22)          191               (848)
Net investment income (loss)                                                  695                   493                  110                  59           343              1,700


                                                                                         Mortgage and                                 Investment
Six months ended June 30, 2024                                              Bonds          other loans                Shares           properties         Other              Total

Net investment income
 Investment income earned                                                   3,448                   756                  337                251            418              5,210
 Net realized gains (losses) on derecognition of:
   FVOCI assets                                                                (38)                    –                    –                   –                –             (38)
   Amortized cost assets                                                          –                    1                    –                   –                –               1
 Net ECL recovery                                                                 –                    4                    –                   –                –               4
 Other income (expenses)                                                          –                    5                  14                 (90)              (42)          (113)
                                                                            3,410                   766                  351                161            376              5,064
Changes in FVPL                                                            (2,637)                   82                  576                 (88)          (114)           (2,181)
Net investment income (loss)                                                  773                   848                  927                  73           262              2,883




                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                         A  87
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




                                       NOTE 4       INVESTMENTS (continued)




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                                    Mortgage and                                  Investment
                                       Three months ended June 30, 2023                                Bonds          other loans                Shares            properties        Other    Total

                                       Net investment income
                                        Investment income earned                                       1,708                    359                 169                  131           38    2,405
                                        Net realized gains (losses) on derecognition of:
                                          FVOCI assets                                                   (178)                    –                     –                    –           –    (178)
                                          Amortized cost assets                                              –                    8                     –                    –           –       8
                                        Net ECL (charge) recovery                                           (1)                   1                     –                    –           –        –
                                        Other income (expenses)                                              –                    3                   (7)                 (50)        (27)      (81)
                                                                                                       1,529                   371                  162                    81          11    2,154
                                       Changes in FVPL                                                (2,337)                 (581)                 148                   (72)        216    (2,626)
                                       Net investment income (loss)                                      (808)                (210)                 310                     9         227     (472)


                                                                                                                    Mortgage and                                  Investment
                                       Six months ended June 30, 2023                                  Bonds          other loans                Shares            properties        Other    Total

                                       Net investment income
                                        Investment income earned                                       3,301                   707                  281                  251          144    4,684
                                        Net realized gains (losses) on derecognition of:
                                          FVOCI assets                                                   (214)                    –                     –                    –           –    (214)
                                          Amortized cost assets                                              –                    8                     –                    –           –       8
                                        Net ECL (charge) recovery                                           (1)                   2                     –                    –           –       1
                                        Other income (expenses)                                              –                    2                   (7)                 (94)        (76)    (175)
                                                                                                       3,086                   719                  274                  157           68    4,304
                                       Changes in FVPL                                                   512                  (133)                 472                  (212)        341      980
                                       Net investment income (loss)                                    3,598                   586                  746                   (55)        409    5,284


                                       Investment income from bonds and mortgage and other loans includes interest income and premium and discount
                                       amortization. Income from shares includes dividends and distributions from equity investment funds and gains realized on
                                       deconsolidation of subsidiaries and investment funds. Investment properties income includes rental income earned on
                                       investment properties, ground rent income earned on leased and subleased land, fee recoveries, lease cancellation income,
                                       and interest and other investment income earned on investment properties. Other income includes foreign exchange gains
                                       and losses, income earned from derivative financial instruments and other miscellaneous income.




                                            A  88                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




NOTE 5 INVESTMENTS IN JOINTLY CONTROLLED CORPORATIONS AND ASSOCIATES




                                                                                                                                                                                       PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
The carrying values of the investments in jointly controlled corporations and associates are as follows:
                                            Jointly controlled corporations                                                                             Associates
June 30, 2024                                  Parjointco              Other        ChinaAMC                  Lion          Northleaf     Rockefeller       Other [1]       Total

Carrying value,
 beginning of year                                 3,717                564              1,535                181                  302          845        1,008           8,152
 Acquisition and investments                             –                32                   –                  –                  –              –        219                251
 Share of earnings (losses)                            75                 47                 55                (19)                12            (11)            7              166
 Changes in FVPL                                         –                  –                  –                  –                  –              –          33               33
 Impairment                                              –                  –                  –               (62)                  –              –            –              (62)
 Share of other comprehensive
   income (loss)                                    (142)                 13                 11                  (4)                 –            28             9              (85)
 Dividends and distributions                          (92)                 (3)              (73)                  –                 (8)             –            –          (176)
 Effects of changes in
   ownership and other                                 14                (10)                  –                  –                  –              –            9              13
Carrying value, end of period                      3,572                643              1,528                  96                 306          862        1,285           8,292
[1] Includes investments in associates held by entities that meet the definition of a venture capital organization, which have been elected to be measured at FVPL of
    $1,010 million at June 30, 2024 ($832 million at December 31, 2023).



                                            Jointly controlled corporations                                                                             Associates
June 30, 2023                                  Parjointco             Other [1]     ChinaAMC                  Lion          Northleaf     Rockefeller       Other [1]       Total

Carrying value,
 beginning of year                                 3,314                443              1,570                234                  285              –        670           6,516
 Acquisition and investments                             –                78                   –                  –                  –          856            16               950
 Disposal                                                –                  –                  –                  –                  –              –         (97)              (97)
 Share of earnings (losses)                          109                   1                 57                (12)                 8             (2)        104                265
 Changes in FVPL                                         –                24                   –                  –                  –              –           (8)             16
 Share of other comprehensive
   income (loss)                                     149                  (3)             (105)                  3                   –           (12)           (1)             31
 Dividends and distributions                          (92)                (1)               (69)                  –                  –              –            –          (162)
 Effects of changes in
   ownership and other                                 18              (134)                   –                  –                  –              –           (5)         (121)
Carrying value, end of period                      3,498                408              1,453                225                  293          842          679           7,398
[1] Includes investments in jointly controlled corporations and associates held by entities that meet the definition of a venture capital organization, which have been elected
    to be measured at FVPL of $587 million at June 30, 2023 ($697 million at December 31, 2022).


LION ELECTRIC CO.
In 2024, the Corporation recorded a non-cash impairment charge of $62 million on its investment in Lion reflecting a decline
in the market value at June 30, 2024. At June 30, 2024, the fair value of the Corporation’s interest in Lion was $96 million
($181 million at December 31, 2023), based on the quoted market price.




                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                        A  89
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




                                       NOTE 6 SEGREGATED FUNDS AND OTHER STRUCTURED ENTITIES




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       The following presents details of the investments, determined in accordance with the relevant statutory reporting
                                       requirements of each region of Lifeco’s operations, on account of segregated fund policyholders:

                                       INVESTMENTS ON ACCOUNT OF SEGREGATED FUND POLICYHOLDERS
                                                                                                                                                                                                June 30,       December 31,
                                                                                                                                                                                                   2024              2023

                                       Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                                                 14,920              15,024
                                       Bonds                                                                                                                                                     73,061              72,111
                                       Mortgage loans                                                                                                                                             2,048                2,022
                                       Shares and units in unit trusts                                                                                                                          141,481             130,415
                                       Mutual funds                                                                                                                                             205,791             188,549
                                       Investment properties                                                                                                                                     11,646              12,071
                                                                                                                                                                                                448,947             420,192
                                       Accrued income                                                                                                                                              876                  832
                                       Other assets (liabilities)                                                                                                                                 1,465               (4,138)
                                       Non-controlling mutual fund interest                                                                                                                       8,943                6,070
                                       Total [1]                                                                                                                                                460,231             422,956
                                       [1] At June 30, 2024, $64,444 million of investments on account of segregated fund policyholders are reinsured by Lifeco on a modified co-insurance basis ($64,097 million
                                           at December 31, 2023). Included in this amount are $130 million of cash and cash equivalents, $10,646 million of bonds, $18 million of shares and units in unit trusts,
                                           $53,592 million of mutual funds, $86 million of accrued income and $28 million of other liabilities.


                                       INSURANCE AND INVESTMENT CONTRACTS ON ACCOUNT OF SEGREGATED FUND POLICYHOLDERS
                                                                                                                                                                                                    Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                                                                                                                                   2024                 2023 [1]

                                       Balance, beginning of year                                                                                                                               422,956             387,882
                                       Additions (deductions):
                                        Policyholder deposits                                                                                                                                    21,319              20,492
                                        Net investment income                                                                                                                                     2,348                1,982
                                        Net realized capital gains on investments                                                                                                                 5,533                 696
                                        Net unrealized capital gains on investments                                                                                                              20,789              24,243
                                        Unrealized gains (losses) due to changes in foreign exchange rates                                                                                        7,276               (3,063)
                                        Policyholder withdrawals                                                                                                                                (22,855)             (20,509)
                                        Change in segregated fund investment in general fund                                                                                                        (21)                  39
                                        Change in general fund investment in segregated fund                                                                                                           –                    2
                                        Net transfer from general fund                                                                                                                               13                   40
                                        Non-controlling mutual fund interest                                                                                                                      2,873               (1,188)
                                                                                                                                                                                                 37,275              22,734
                                       Balance, end of period                                                                                                                                   460,231             410,616
                                       [1] The Corporation reclassified certain comparative figures to conform to the current period’s presentation.




                                             A  90                                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




NOTE 6 SEGREGATED FUNDS AND OTHER STRUCTURED ENTITIES (continued)




                                                                                                                                                                               PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
INVESTMENTS ON ACCOUNT OF SEGREGATED FUND POLICYHOLDERS
(by fair value hierarchy level)
                                                                                                                                                               June 30, 2024
                                                                                                                         Level 1      Level 2       Level 3            Total

                                                                               [1]
Investments on account of segregated fund policyholders                                                               331,410        112,901        13,582          457,893
[1] Excludes other assets, net of other liabilities, of $2,338 million.


                                                                                                                                                           December 31, 2023
                                                                                                                         Level 1      Level 2       Level 3            Total

                                                                               [1]
Investments on account of segregated fund policyholders                                                               299,451        113,199        13,792          426,442
[1] Excludes other liabilities, net of other assets, of $3,486 million.


During the six months ended June 30, 2024, certain foreign equity holdings valued at $149 million were transferred from
Level 2 to Level 1 ($56 million were transferred from Level 1 to Level 2 at December 31, 2023), primarily based on Lifeco’s
change in use of inputs in addition to quoted prices in active markets for certain foreign equity holdings. Level 2 assets include
the assets where fair value is not available from normal market pricing sources, where inputs are utilized in addition to quoted
prices in active markets and where Lifeco does not have access to the underlying asset details within an investment fund.
The following presents additional information about Lifeco’s investments on account of segregated fund policyholders for
which Lifeco has utilized Level 3 inputs to determine fair value:
                                                                                                                                                June 30,       December 31,
                                                                                                                                                   2024              2023

Balance, beginning of year                                                                                                                      13,792               14,455
 Total losses included in segregated fund investment income                                                                                        (416)             (1,073)
 Purchases                                                                                                                                         441                   795
 Sales                                                                                                                                             (315)               (445)
 Transfers into Level 3                                                                                                                              97                  350
 Transfers out of Level 3                                                                                                                           (17)               (290)
Balance, end of period                                                                                                                          13,582               13,792


Transfers into Level 3 are due primarily to decreased observability of inputs in valuation methodologies. Transfers out of
Level 3 are due primarily to increased observability of inputs in valuation methodologies as evidenced by corroboration of
market prices with multiple pricing vendors.




                                     P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                               A  91
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




                                       NOTE 7 INSURANCE CONTRACTS AND REINSURANCE CONTRACTS HELD




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       INSURANCE CONTRACT (ASSETS) LIABILITIES
                                                                                                                                                Not measured under the PAA
                                                                                                                           Estimates of                 Risk
                                                                                                                          present value         adjustment
                                                                                                                               of future   for non-financial
                                       June 30, 2024                                                                         cash flows                 risk                CSM        PAA        Total
                                       Assets                                                                                    (6,684)              1,594               3,861         (86)    (1,315)
                                       Liabilities                                                                            116,851                 5,129             10,209       13,093    145,282
                                       Liabilities on account of segregated fund policyholders                                  62,473                      –                   –         –     62,473
                                                                                                                              172,640                 6,723             14,070       13,007    206,440


                                                                                                                                                Not measured under the PAA
                                                                                                                           Estimates of                 Risk
                                                                                                                          present value         adjustment
                                                                                                                               of future   for non-financial
                                       December 31, 2023                                                                     cash flows                 risk                CSM        PAA        Total
                                       Assets                                                                                    (6,560)              1,654               3,796         (83)    (1,193)
                                       Liabilities                                                                            115,794                 5,372               9,952      13,270    144,388
                                       Liabilities on account of segregated fund policyholders                                  60,302                      –                   –         –     60,302
                                                                                                                              169,536                 7,026             13,748       13,187    203,497


                                       REINSURANCE CONTRACT HELD ASSETS (LIABILITIES)
                                                                                                                                                Not measured under the PAA
                                                                                                                           Estimates of                 Risk
                                                                                                                          present value         adjustment
                                                                                                                               of future   for non-financial
                                       June 30, 2024                                                                         cash flows                 risk                CSM        PAA        Total
                                       Assets                                                                                   15,919                  704                 427        130      17,180
                                       Liabilities                                                                               (2,271)                971                 635         (66)      (731)
                                                                                                                                13,648                1,675               1,062         64      16,449


                                                                                                                                                Not measured under the PAA
                                                                                                                           Estimates of                 Risk
                                                                                                                          present value         adjustment
                                                                                                                               of future   for non-financial
                                       December 31, 2023                                                                     cash flows                 risk                CSM        PAA        Total
                                       Assets                                                                                   16,181                  866                 163        122      17,332
                                       Liabilities                                                                               (2,419)                863                 950         (42)      (648)
                                                                                                                                13,762                1,729               1,113         80      16,684




                                            A  92                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




NOTE 7      INSURANCE CONTRACTS AND REINSURANCE CONTRACTS HELD (continued)




                                                                                                                                                                  PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
DISCOUNT RATES
The following tables provide the lower and upper end of the range of the spot rates used by Lifeco to discount liability cash
flows by major currency:
June 30, 2024                                                                    Year 1             Year 5             Year 10   Year 20   Year 30      Year 50
           Lower                                                                  5.7%               4.6%               4.6%      4.6%      4.5%         4.7%
CAD
           Upper                                                                  6.2%               5.2%               5.3%      5.3%      5.2%         5.1%
           Lower                                                                 6.0%                5.2%               5.3%      5.7%      5.4%         5.1%
USD
           Upper                                                                  6.4%               5.7%               5.7%      6.1%      5.9%         5.3%
           Lower                                                                  3.5%               2.8%               2.9%      3.1%      3.4%         4.4%
EUR
           Upper                                                                  4.7%               4.0%               4.1%      4.3%      4.4%         4.6%
           Lower                                                                  5.1%               4.5%               4.7%      5.2%      5.2%         4.2%
GBP
           Upper                                                                  6.1%               5.4%               5.6%      6.2%      6.1%         5.1%


December 31, 2023                                                                Year 1             Year 5             Year 10   Year 20   Year 30      Year 50
           Lower                                                                 6.0%                4.5%               4.4%      4.3%      4.2%         4.5%
CAD
           Upper                                                                 6.4%                4.9%               4.9%      4.9%      4.8%         4.9%
           Lower                                                                 5.7%                4.8%               4.8%      5.3%      4.9%         4.7%
USD
           Upper                                                                 6.1%                5.2%               5.3%      5.8%      5.4%         5.0%
           Lower                                                                 3.2%                2.1%               2.2%      2.5%      2.9%         4.3%
EUR
           Upper                                                                 4.8%                3.6%               3.8%      4.1%      4.2%         4.5%
           Lower                                                                 4.9%                3.8%               4.0%      4.7%      4.6%         3.7%
GBP
           Upper                                                                 5.9%                4.8%               5.1%      5.7%      5.6%         4.7%


The spot rates in the tables above are calculated based on prevailing interest rates observed in their respective markets. When
interest rates are not observable, the yield curve to discount cash flows transitions to an ultimate rate composed of a risk-free
rate and illiquidity premium. These amounts are set based on historical data.




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                            A  93
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




                                       NOTE 7        INSURANCE CONTRACTS AND REINSURANCE CONTRACTS HELD (continued)




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       CSM
                                       The continuity of the CSM of Lifeco by business is as follows:

                                                                                                                              Non-participating (excluding segregated funds)
                                                                                                                                                                                                        Participating
                                                                                                                                                                                                             account
                                                                                                                                                          Capital                                          surplus in
                                                                                                                          United                         and Risk                     Segregated              Lifeco’s
                                       For the six months ended June 30, 2024                             Canada          States          Europe        Solutions            Total         funds         subsidiaries [1]       Total [2]

                                       CSM, beginning of year                                              1,159              24           3,255           1,745            6,183           3,298             3,154           12,635
                                        CSM recognized for services provided                                 (67)              (2)          (135)             (76)           (280)              (202)             (77)          (559)
                                        Contracts initially recognized in the period                          20                –            171               18             209                87                56            352
                                        Changes in estimates that adjust the CSM                               (5)              –             (49)            (27)             (81)             143              354             416
                                        Net finance (income) expenses from
                                         insurance contracts                                                  17                –              37              20              74                 (8)                –            66
                                        Effect of movement in exchange rates                                    –               1              58              22              81                  9                8             98
                                       CSM, end of period                                                  1,124              23           3,337           1,702            6,186           3,327             3,495           13,008
                                       [1] Included in non-controlling interests on the balance sheets.
                                       [2] The amounts in the table above are presented net of reinsurance.



                                                                                                                              Non-participating (excluding segregated funds)
                                                                                                                                                                                                        Participating
                                                                                                                                                                                                             account
                                                                                                                                                          Capital                                          surplus in
                                                                                                                          United                         and Risk                     Segregated              Lifeco’s
                                       For the year ended December 31, 2023                               Canada          States          Europe        Solutions            Total         funds         subsidiaries [1]       Total [2]

                                       CSM, beginning of year                                              1,264              41           2,771           1,796            5,872           3,557             3,694           13,123
                                        CSM recognized for services provided                                (143)              (4)          (234)            (154)           (535)              (430)           (157)         (1,122)
                                        Contracts initially recognized in the year                            41                –            284               49             374               181              111             666
                                        Changes in estimates that adjust the CSM                             (40)            (12)            325                 –            273                (37)           (490)           (254)
                                        Net finance (income) expenses from
                                         insurance contracts                                                  37                –              49              37             123                16                  –           139
                                        Effect of movement in exchange rates                                    –              (1)             60              17              76                11                (4)            83
                                       CSM, end of year                                                    1,159              24           3,255           1,745            6,183           3,298             3,154           12,635
                                       [1] Included in non-controlling interests on the balance sheets.
                                       [2] The amounts in the table above are presented net of reinsurance.



                                       NOTE 8            POWER CORPORATION’S DEBENTURES AND OTHER DEBT INSTRUMENTS

                                                                                                                                                                                                  June 30,               December 31,
                                                                                                                                                                                                     2024                      2023

                                       POWER CORPORATION
                                       Debentures – unsecured
                                        8.57% debentures due April 22, 2039                                                                                                                             150                      150
                                        4.81% debentures due January 31, 2047                                                                                                                           249                      249
                                        4.455% debentures due July 27, 2048                                                                                                                             248                      248

                                       Total Power Corporation                                                                                                                                          647                      647


                                       The Corporation has a line of credit of $500 million bearing interest at Adjusted Term SOFR plus 0.70%. At June 30, 2024 and
                                       December 31, 2023, the Corporation was not using its line of credit.




                                             A  94                                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




NOTE 9            NON-RECOURSE DEBENTURES AND OTHER DEBT INSTRUMENTS




                                                                                                                                                            PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
A) POWER FINANCIAL, LIFECO AND IGM
The following table presents the debentures and other debt instruments issued by Power Financial, Lifeco and IGM. The
6.90% debentures of Power Financial are direct obligations of Power Financial and are non-recourse to the Corporation. All
debentures and other debt instruments of Lifeco and its subsidiaries are direct obligations of Lifeco or its subsidiaries, as
applicable, and are non-recourse to the Corporation. All of the debentures of IGM are direct obligations of IGM and are non-
recourse to the Corporation.
                                                                                                                                  June 30,   December 31,
                                                                                                                                     2024          2023

POWER FINANCIAL
Debentures – unsecured
   6.90% debentures due March 11, 2033                                                                                               250              250

Total Power Financial                                                                                                                250              250

LIFECO
Debentures and senior bonds – unsecured
  1.75% senior bonds due December 7, 2026 (€500 million) [1]                                                                         733              728
  3.337% debentures due February 28, 2028                                                                                            499              499
  6.40% subordinated debentures due December 11, 2028                                                                                100              100
  4.70% senior bonds due November 16, 2029 (€500 million) [1]                                                                        731              726
  2.379% debentures due May 14, 2030                                                                                                 598              598
  6.74% debentures due November 24, 2031                                                                                             196              196
  6.67% debentures due March 21, 2033                                                                                                396              395
  5.998% debentures due November 16, 2039                                                                                            343              343
  2.981% debentures due July 8, 2050                                                                                                 494              494
  7.529% capital trust debentures due June 30, 2052 (face value of $150 million)                                                     156              156
                                                                                                                                   4,246           4,235
Other debt instruments – unsecured
 Commercial paper and other short-term debt instruments with interest rate of 5.602%
   (5.729% at December 31, 2023)                                                                                                     137              132
 Revolving credit facility with interest equal to Adjusted Term SOFR
   (US$45 million at December 31, 2023)                                                                                                  –            60
 0.904% senior notes due August 12, 2025 (US$500 million)                                                                            684              663
 1.357% senior notes due September 17, 2027 (US$400 million)                                                                         547              530
 4.047% senior notes due May 17, 2028 (US$300 million)                                                                               410              398
 1.776% senior notes due March 17, 2031 (US$400 million)                                                                             546              530
 4.15% senior notes due June 3, 2047 (US$700 million)                                                                                944              917
 4.581% senior notes due May 17, 2048 (US$500 million)                                                                               679              659
 3.075% senior notes due September 17, 2051 (US$700 million)                                                                         949              922
                                                                                                                                   4,896           4,811

Total Lifeco                                                                                                                       9,142           9,046
[1] Designated by Lifeco as hedges of the net investment in foreign operations.




                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4               A  95
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




                                       NOTE 9       NON-RECOURSE DEBENTURES AND OTHER DEBT INSTRUMENTS (continued)




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                                                                                                   June 30,   December 31,
                                                                                                                                                                                      2024          2023

                                       IGM FINANCIAL
                                       Debentures – unsecured
                                         3.44% debentures due January 26, 2027                                                                                                        400             400
                                         6.65% debentures due December 13, 2027                                                                                                       125             125
                                         7.45% debentures due May 9, 2031                                                                                                             150             150
                                         7.00% debentures due December 31, 2032                                                                                                       175             175
                                         7.11% debentures due March 7, 2033                                                                                                           150             150
                                         6.00% debentures due December 10, 2040                                                                                                       200             200
                                         4.56% debentures due January 25, 2047                                                                                                        200             200
                                         4.115% debentures due December 9, 2047                                                                                                       250             250
                                         4.174% debentures due July 13, 2048                                                                                                          200             200
                                         4.206% debentures due March 21, 2050                                                                                                         250             250
                                         5.426% debentures due May 26, 2053                                                                                                           300             300
                                       Debentures of IGM held by Lifeco as investments                                                                                                 (88)           (88)

                                       Total IGM                                                                                                                                    2,312           2,312

                                       Total Power Financial, Lifeco and IGM                                                                                                       11,704          11,608


                                       CHANGES IN DEBENTURES AND OTHER DEBT INSTRUMENTS – POWER FINANCIAL, LIFECO AND IGM
                                       The table below details changes in the debentures and other debt instruments arising from financing activities, including both
                                       cash and non-cash changes:
                                                                                                                                                                                   June 30,       June 30,
                                                                                                                                                                                      2024           2023

                                       Balance, beginning of the year                                                                                                              11,608          12,771
                                         Issue of debentures                                                                                                                              –           300
                                         Increase in other debt instruments                                                                                                               –           550
                                         Repayment of euro-denominated debt                                                                                                               –          (735)
                                         Decrease in other debt instruments                                                                                                            (60)          (468)
                                         Changes in foreign exchange rates and other                                                                                                  156            (105)
                                       Balance, end of period                                                                                                                      11,704          12,313




                                            A  96                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




NOTE 9        NON-RECOURSE DEBENTURES AND OTHER DEBT INSTRUMENTS (continued)




                                                                                                                                                                                     PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
B) ALTERNATIVE ASSET INVESTMENT PLATFORMS AND OTHER – PROJECT AND OTHER DEBT
The following table presents the other debt instruments held by alternative asset investment platforms and other. All other
debt instruments are credit or loan facilities that are direct obligations, and secured by the assets, of subsidiaries of the
Corporation and are non-recourse to the Corporation.
                                                                                                                                                June 30,         December 31,
                                                                                                                                                   2024                2023

OTHER DEBT INSTRUMENTS
Investment Funds and Other – secured
  Revolving credit facility up to $10 million, with interest equal to prime rate plus 0.15%                                                            8                         3
  Revolving credit facility up to US$75 million, with interest equal to the U.S. base rate minus 0.35%
   (US$60 million) (US$63 million at December 31, 2023)                                                                                              83                     84
  Revolving credit facility up to US$75 million, with interest equal to SOFR plus 1.8% (US$20 million)                                               27                          –
  Revolving credit facility up to $525 million, with interest equal to prime rate plus 0.6%,
   U.S. base rate plus 0.6% or SOFR plus 1.6% ($16 million and US$157 million)
   (US$160 million at December 31, 2023)                                                                                                            230                    211
  Revolving credit facility up to $12 million, with interest equal to prime rate plus 0.25%                                                            4                         1
  Revolving credit facility up to $14 million, with interest equal to prime rate plus 0.25%                                                            9                         –
Renewable Energy – Project debt – secured
  Construction loan facilities due from May 2026 to December 2043, bearing interest at
   various rates from 4.02% to 4.72%, SOFR plus 2.25% and U.S. base rate plus 1.25%
   ($347 million and US$306 million) ($518 million and US$220 million at December 31, 2023) [1]                                                     766                    809
  Loan facilities due from March 2026 to December 2037, bearing interest at
   various rates from 4.23% to 6.0%, prime rate and CDOR plus 1.6%                                                                                  524                    521
  Loan facilities due from May 2027 to December 2059, bearing interest at
   various rates from 3.62% to 6.50% and prime rate plus 1.5% ($792 million and US$17 million)
   ($639 million and US$19 million at December 31, 2023) [1]                                                                                        815                    664
  Loan facilities due from June 2025 to March 2048, bearing interest at various rates from 2.73% to
   6.89% and SOFR plus 2.25% (US$323 million) (US$307 million at December 31, 2023)                                                                 443                    405
  Mezzanine loans due from January 2035 to June 2035, bearing interest at
   various rates from 7.36% to 7.5%                                                                                                                  90                     91
Standalone Businesses – secured
  Revolving credit facility and term loan facilities due in November 2025 bearing interest at
   various rates equal to U.S. base rate or prime rate plus margin from 1.0% to 3.25%, or bankers’
   acceptances or SOFR plus margin from 2.0% to 4.25%                                                                                               178                    163
  Subordinated term facility of $65 million, bearing interest at 12.0%, principal and accrued interest
   payable at maturity in June 2026                                                                                                                  66                     65

Total alternative asset investment platforms and other                                                                                            3,243                  3,017
[1] In the second quarter of 2024, $164 million in construction loan facilities were converted to loan facilities for certain projects having achieved substantial completion.


CHANGES IN OTHER DEBT INSTRUMENTS – ALTERNATIVE ASSET INVESTMENT PLATFORMS AND
OTHER
The table below details changes in the other debt instruments arising from financing activities, including both cash and non-
cash changes:
                                                                                                                                                June 30,               June 30,
                                                                                                                                                   2024                   2023

Balance, beginning of the year                                                                                                                    3,017                  1,956
  Acquisitions                                                                                                                                       26                     68
  Increase in other debt instruments                                                                                                                310                    730
  Decrease in other debt instruments                                                                                                               (136)                  (213)
  Changes in foreign exchange rates and other                                                                                                        26                     (52)
Balance, end of period                                                                                                                            3,243                  2,489




                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                  A  97
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




                                       NOTE 10 SHARE CAPITAL




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       AUTHORIZED
                                       The authorized capital of Power Corporation consists of an unlimited number of First Preferred Shares, issuable in series; an
                                       unlimited number of Participating Preferred Shares; and an unlimited number of Subordinate Voting Shares.

                                       ISSUED AND OUTSTANDING
                                                                                                                                                   June 30, 2024                                December 31, 2023
                                                                                                                               Number                       Share                   Number                  Share
                                                                                                                               of shares                   capital                  of shares              capital
                                                                                                                                                                 $                                              $
                                       Non-Participating Shares
                                       First Preferred Shares
                                         Non-cumulative Redeemable, fixed rate
                                           Series A                                                                         6,000,000                         150                  6,000,000                 150
                                           Series B                                                                         8,000,000                         200                  8,000,000                 200
                                           Series C                                                                         6,000,000                         150                  6,000,000                 150
                                           Series D                                                                       10,000,000                          250              10,000,000                    250
                                           Series G                                                                         8,000,000                         200                  8,000,000                 200

                                       Total Non-Participating Shares                                                                                         950                                            950

                                       Participating Shares
                                       Participating Preferred Shares                                                     54,860,866                          233              54,860,866                    233
                                       Subordinate Voting Shares
                                        Balance, beginning of year                                                       597,387,873                        9,051            612,219,731                   9,253
                                          Issued under Stock Option Plan                                                    1,372,215                          49                  1,273,542                  42
                                          Purchased for cancellation under Normal Course Issuer Bid                        (4,909,800)                         (74)           (16,105,400)                  (244)
                                        Balance, end of period                                                           593,850,288                        9,026            597,387,873                   9,051

                                       Total Participating Shares                                                                                           9,259                                          9,284




                                           A  98                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




NOTE 10 SHARE CAPITAL (continued)




                                                                                                                                    PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
Participating Shares
During the six months ended June 30, 2024, 1,372,215 Subordinate Voting Shares were issued under the Corporation’s
Executive Stock Option Plan for a consideration of $45 million (422,348 Subordinate Voting Shares issued for the six months
ended June 30, 2023 for a consideration of $12 million).
During the six months ended June 30, 2024, dividends declared on the Corporation’s participating shares amounted to
$1.1250 per share ($1.05 per share in 2023).

Normal Course Issuer Bids
On March 1, 2023, the Corporation commenced a Normal Course Issuer Bid (NCIB) which was effective until February 29,
2024. During the three months ended March 31, 2024, 2,138,000 Subordinate Voting Shares were purchased for cancellation
by the Corporation pursuant to this NCIB for a total of $82 million (3,460,700 Subordinate Voting Shares for a total of
$123 million during the six months ended June 30, 2023).
On March 1, 2024, the Corporation commenced a new NCIB which is effective until the earlier of February 28, 2025 and the
date on which the Corporation has purchased the maximum permitted number of Subordinate Voting Shares. Pursuant to
this NCIB, the Corporation may purchase up to 25 million of its Subordinate Voting Shares outstanding (representing
approximately 4.6% of the public float of Subordinate Voting Shares outstanding as at February 16, 2024) at market prices.
During the six months ended June 30, 2024, the Corporation purchased for cancellation 2,771,800 Subordinate Voting Shares
pursuant to this NCIB for a total of $107 million.
In the six months ended June 30, 2024, the Corporation’s share capital was reduced by the average carrying value of the
shares repurchased for cancellation. The excess paid over the average carrying value of share capital was $115 million and
was recognized as a reduction to retained earnings ($71 million during the six months ended June 30, 2023).
In connection with its NCIB, the Corporation has entered into an automatic share purchase plan (ASPP) and may provide
parameters thereunder from time to time to allow a designated broker to purchase Subordinate Voting Shares under the
NCIB at times when the Corporation would ordinarily not be permitted to purchase shares due to regulatory restrictions or
self-imposed blackout periods. Outside of these predetermined trading blackout periods, purchases under the Corporation’s
NCIB will be completed at management’s discretion.
Subsequent event
Subsequent to quarter-end, the Corporation purchased, as of August 8, 2024, an additional 1,455,500 Subordinate Voting
Shares pursuant to its current NCIB, for a total of $57 million.




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4   A  99
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




                                       NOTE 11 SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       STOCK OPTION PLAN
                                       On June 30, 2024, there were 20,457,986 Subordinate Voting Shares and 8,333,151 Subordinate Voting Shares reserved for
                                       issuance under Power Corporation’s Executive Stock Option Plan and under Power Financial’s Employee Stock Option Plan,
                                       assumed by Power Corporation (Stock Option Plans).
                                       A summary of the status of the Corporation’s Stock Option Plans, including tandem share appreciation rights (TSARs), as at
                                       June 30, 2024 and 2023, and changes during the respective periods then ended, is as follows:
                                                                                                                                                        June 30, 2024                                   June 30, 2023
                                                                                                                                                    Weighted-average                                Weighted-average
                                                                                                                                 Options                exercise price                Options           exercise price
                                                                                                                                                                    $                                                  $
                                       Outstanding, beginning of year                                                      23,532,731                          32.41             25,567,243                     31.86
                                        Granted                                                                              1,292,486                         38.09                1,284,026                   34.54
                                        Exercised or surrendered for cash                                                   (3,103,153)                        31.87              (2,462,348)                   28.27
                                        Forfeited                                                                                        –                           –                 (1,604)                  38.34
                                       Outstanding, end of period                                                          21,722,064                          32.82             24,387,317                     32.36

                                       Options exercisable, end of period                                                  17,125,521                          31.99             19,269,518                     31.73


                                       The exercise price of the 21,722,064 outstanding options ranges from $27.30 to $42.45.

                                       TANDEM SHARE APPRECIATION RIGHTS
                                       A summary of the status of the Corporation’s options with TSARs attached, as at June 30, 2024 and 2023, and changes during
                                       the respective periods ended is as follows:
                                                                                                                              June 30, 2024                                                             June 30, 2023
                                                                                                Weighted-average                   Fair value                                Weighted-average                Fair value
                                                                                     TSARs          exercise price                 of liability                   TSARs          exercise price              of liability
                                                                                                                    $                          $                                                $                      $
                                       Outstanding, beginning of year           10,606,606                    31.71                          67             12,646,606                   31.15                       39
                                        Surrendered for cash                    (1,730,938)                   31.10                          (13)           (2,040,000)                  28.24                      (14)
                                        Change in fair value                               –                        –                         2                          –                      –                    27
                                       Outstanding, end of period                8,875,668                    31.83                          56             10,606,606                   31.71                       52

                                       TSARs exercisable, end of period          8,875,668                    31.83                                         10,156,606                   31.60


                                       The fair value of the outstanding cash-settled liability was $56 million at June 30, 2024 ($67 million at December 31, 2023)
                                       and is recorded in other liabilities. The intrinsic value of this liability at June 30, 2024 was $55 million ($66 million at
                                       December 31, 2023).
                                       The fair value of the TSARs was estimated using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model with the following weighted-average
                                       assumptions:
                                                                                                                                                                                     June 30,                June 30,
                                                                                                                                                                                        2024                    2023

                                       Dividend yield                                                                                                                                    5.4%                      5.7%
                                       Expected volatility                                                                                                                     17.5% - 20.8%           15.5% – 22.8%
                                       Risk-free interest rate                                                                                                                   3.7% - 4.8%              4.0% – 5.2%
                                       Expected life (years)                                                                                                                        0.6 – 4.8               0.9 – 5.8
                                       Share price ($/share)                                                                                                                          38.02                    35.66
                                       Weighted-average exercise price ($/option)                                                                                                     31.83                    31.71
                                       Weighted-average fair value ($/option)                                                                                                           6.26                     4.92

                                       The Corporation entered into total return swap agreements to manage exposure to the volatility of a portion of its cash-settled
                                       share-based payments and related liability. For the six months ended June 30, 2024, a net loss of $1 million (a net loss of
                                       $9 million in 2023) arising from the change in fair value of the liability, net of the gain on the remeasurement to fair value of
                                       the derivative instruments, was included in operating and administrative expenses in the statements of earnings.




                                           A  100                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




NOTE 11 SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION (continued)




                                                                                                                                                       PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
RESTRICTED SHARE UNITS
During the six months ended June 30, 2024, the Corporation granted 294,039 Restricted Share Units (RSUs) to an executive
to assist in retention and further alignment of its interests with those of the shareholders. The fair value of the RSUs granted
was measured based on the market value of the Corporation’s Subordinate Voting Shares at the grant date and vest on the
basis of [i] 25% two years from the date of grant; [ii] 50% three years from the date of grant; and [iii] 25% four years from the
date of grant. Additional RSUs are issued in respect to dividends declared on the Subordinate Voting Shares at the dividend
payment date. Upon vesting, one Subordinate Voting Share will be issued for each vested RSU, and the amount accumulated
in contributed surplus will be reclassified to share capital. At June 30, 2024, 298,564 RSUs were outstanding and have not
vested.

COMPENSATION EXPENSE
During the six months ended June 30, 2024, Power Corporation granted 1,292,486 options (1,284,026 options were granted
for the six months ended June 30, 2023) under its Executive Stock Option Plan. Options granted in the six months ended
June 30, 2024 vest on the basis of [i] 50% three years from the date of grant; and [ii] 50% four years from the date of grant.
The fair value of the options granted was estimated using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model with the following weighted-
average assumptions:
                                                                                                                            June 30,      June 30,
                                                                                                                               2024          2023

Dividend yield                                                                                                                  5.5%            5.9%
Expected volatility                                                                                                            18.6%         18.2%
Risk-free interest rate                                                                                                         3.4%            2.7%
Expected life (years)                                                                                                           9.2             9.0
Fair value ($/option)                                                                                                          3.53          2.41
Weighted-average exercise price ($/option)                                                                                   38.09         34.54

The expected volatility has been estimated based on the historical volatility of the Corporation’s share price using the
expected option life.
Lifeco, IGM and Wealthsimple have also established stock option plans pursuant to which options may be granted to certain
officers and employees. In addition, other subsidiaries of the Corporation have established share-based compensation plans.
Compensation expense related to equity-settled stock option plans is recorded based on the fair value of the options or the
fair value of the equity instruments at the grant date, amortized over the vesting period. For the three months ended June 30,
2024, total compensation expense relating to the equity-settled stock options granted by the Corporation and its subsidiaries
amounted to $13 million ($23 million in 2023), and $22 million for the six months ended June 30, 2024 ($53 million in 2023),
and was recorded in operating and administrative expenses in the statements of earnings.




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4              A  101
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




                                       NOTE 12        CAPITAL MANAGEMENT




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       POWER CORPORATION
                                       As a holding company, Power Corporation’s objectives in managing its capital are to:
                                        provide attractive long-term returns to shareholders of the Corporation;
                                        provide sufficient financial flexibility to pursue its growth strategy to invest on a timely basis in its operating companies and
                                          other investments as opportunities arise;
                                        maintain a capital structure that matches the long-term nature of its investments by maximizing the use of permanent
                                          capital;
                                        maintain an appropriate credit rating to ensure stable access to the capital markets; and
                                        maintain available cash and cash equivalents at a minimum of two times fixed charges.
                                       The Corporation manages its capital taking into consideration the risk characteristics and liquidity of its holdings. In order to
                                       maintain or adjust its capital structure, the Corporation may adjust the amount of dividends paid to shareholders, return capital
                                       to shareholders or issue capital.
                                       The capital structure of the Corporation consists of debentures, non-participating shares, participating shareholders’ equity
                                       and non-controlling interests. The Corporation views non-participating shares as a cost-effective source of permanent capital.
                                       The Corporation is a long-term investor and as such holds positions in long-term investments as well as cash and fixed income
                                       securities for liquidity purposes.
                                       The Board of Directors of the Corporation is responsible for capital management. Management of the Corporation is
                                       responsible for establishing capital management procedures and for implementing and monitoring its capital plans. The
                                       Board of Directors of the Corporation reviews and approves capital transactions such as the issuance, redemption and
                                       repurchase of participating shares, non-participating shares and debentures. The boards of directors of the Corporation’s
                                       subsidiaries, as well as those of Parjointco and GBL, oversee and have the responsibility for their respective company’s capital
                                       management.
                                       The Corporation itself is not subject to externally imposed regulatory capital requirements. However, Lifeco and certain of its
                                       main subsidiaries, IGM’s subsidiaries and certain of the Corporation’s other subsidiaries are subject to regulatory capital
                                       requirements and they manage their capital as described below.




                                           A  102                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




NOTE 12 CAPITAL MANAGEMENT (continued)




                                                                                                                                        PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
LIFECO
Lifeco manages its capital on both a consolidated basis and at the individual operating subsidiary level. The primary objectives
of Lifeco’s capital management strategy are:
 to maintain the capitalization of its regulated operating subsidiaries at a level that will exceed the relevant minimum
   regulatory capital requirements in the jurisdictions in which they operate;
 to maintain strong credit and financial strength ratings of Lifeco ensuring stable access to capital markets; and
 to provide an efficient capital structure to maximize shareholder value in the context of Lifeco’s operational risks and
   strategic plans.
Management of Lifeco is responsible for establishing capital management procedures for implementing and monitoring the
capital plan.
The target level of capitalization for Lifeco and its subsidiaries is assessed by considering various factors such as the probability
of falling below the minimum regulatory capital requirements in the relevant operating jurisdiction, the views expressed by
various credit rating agencies that provide financial strength and other ratings to Lifeco, and the desire to hold sufficient
capital to be able to honour all policyholder and other obligations of Lifeco with a high degree of confidence.
In Canada, OSFI has established a regulatory capital adequacy measurement for life insurance companies incorporated under
the Insurance Companies Act (Canada) and their subsidiaries known as the Life Insurance Capital Adequacy Test (LICAT). The
LICAT ratio compares the regulatory capital resources of a company to its required capital, defined by OSFI as the aggregate
of all defined capital requirements. The total capital resources are provided by the sum of available capital, surplus allowance
and eligible deposits. OSFI has established a supervisory target total ratio of 100%, and a supervisory minimum total ratio of
90%. Canada Life’s consolidated LICAT ratio at June 30, 2024 was 130% (128% at December 31, 2023).
Other foreign operations and foreign subsidiaries of Lifeco are required to comply with local capital or solvency requirements
in their respective jurisdictions.

IGM FINANCIAL
IGM’s capital management objective is to maximize shareholder returns while ensuring that IGM is capitalized in a manner
which appropriately supports regulatory capital requirements, working capital needs and business expansion. IGM’s capital
management practices are focused on preserving the quality of its financial position by maintaining a solid capital base and
a strong balance sheet. IGM regularly assesses its capital management practices in response to changing economic
conditions.
IGM’s capital is primarily used in its ongoing business operations to support working capital requirements, long-term
investments made by IGM, business expansion and other strategic objectives.
The IGM subsidiaries that are subject to regulatory capital requirements include investment dealers, mutual fund dealers,
exempt market dealers, portfolio managers, investment fund managers and a trust company. These IGM subsidiaries are
required to maintain minimum levels of capital based on either working capital, liquidity or shareholders’ equity. At June 30,
2024, IGM subsidiaries have complied with all regulatory capital requirements.

ALTERNATIVE ASSET INVESTMENT PLATFORMS AND OTHER
Certain subsidiaries are subject to regulatory capital requirements, including portfolio managers, asset managers and an
order-execution-only broker. These subsidiaries are required to maintain levels of capital based on their working capital,
liquidity or shareholders’ equity. At June 30, 2024, these subsidiaries have complied with all regulatory capital requirements.




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4   A  103
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




                                       NOTE 13        RISK MANAGEMENT




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       The Corporation and its subsidiaries have established policies, guidelines and procedures designed to identify, measure,
                                       monitor, report and mitigate risks associated with financial instruments and insurance contracts. The key risks related to
                                       financial instruments are liquidity risk, credit risk and market risk.
                                        Liquidity risk is the risk that the Corporation and its subsidiaries would not be able to meet all cash outflow obligations as
                                          they come due or be able to, in a timely manner, raise capital or monetize assets at normal market conditions.
                                        Credit risk is the potential for financial loss to the Corporation and its subsidiaries if a counterparty in a transaction fails to
                                          meet its payment obligations. Credit risk can be related to the default of a single debt issuer, the variation of credit spreads
                                          on tradable fixed income securities and also to counterparty risk relating to derivative products.
                                        Market risk is the risk that the market value or future cash flows of a financial instrument and the value of insurance and
                                          investment contract liabilities will fluctuate as a result of changes in market factors. Market factors include three types of
                                          risks: foreign exchange risk, interest rate (including inflation) risk and equity risk.
                                           Foreign exchange risk relates to the Corporation, its subsidiaries and its jointly controlled corporations and associates
                                            operating in different currencies and converting non-Canadian investments and earnings at different points in time at
                                            different foreign exchange levels when adverse changes in foreign currency exchange rates occur.
                                           Interest rate risk is the risk that the fair value of a financial instrument will fluctuate following changes in the interest rates.
                                           Equity risk is the potential loss associated with the sensitivity of the market price of a financial instrument arising from
                                            volatility in equity markets.
                                       Estimates of sensitivities and risk exposure measures are included for certain risks, such as the sensitivity due to specific
                                       changes in interest rate levels projected and market prices as at the valuation date. Actual results can differ significantly from
                                       these estimates for a variety of reasons, including, but not limited to, changes in the Corporation and its subsidiaries’ asset or
                                       liability profile, changes in business mix, effective income tax rates, other market factors, difference in the actual exposure
                                       relative to broad market indices, variation in exposures by geography, and general limitations of the Corporation and its
                                       subsidiaries’ internal models.
                                       For these reasons, the sensitivities should only be viewed as directional estimates of the underlying sensitivities for the
                                       respective factors. Given the nature of these calculations, the Corporation cannot provide assurance that the actual impact on
                                       net earnings will be as indicated.
                                       The following is a summary of risks in respect to the Corporation and its subsidiaries’ financial instruments and insurance
                                       contracts. In the first section below, the risk management policies and procedures of Power Corporation, Power Financial and
                                       the Corporation’s alternative asset investment platforms and other (other subsidiaries) are discussed. Risks related to Lifeco
                                       and IGM are discussed in subsequent sections. For a more detailed discussion, refer to Note 24 to the Corporation’s
                                       Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended December 31, 2023.




                                           A  104                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




NOTE 13 RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)




                                                                                                                                      PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
POWER CORPORATION, POWER FINANCI AL AND ALTERNATIVE ASSET INVESTMENT
PLATFORMS AND OTHER

LIQUIDITY RISK
As a holding company, the Corporation’s ability to pay dividends is dependent upon the Corporation receiving dividends
from its principal operating subsidiaries and other investments. Lifeco and its subsidiaries are subject to restrictions set out in
relevant corporate and insurance laws and regulations, which require that solvency and capital ratios be maintained. IGM’s
subsidiaries are also subject to minimum capital requirements. Regulatory requirements may change from time to time, and
thereby impact the ability of the operating subsidiaries to pay dividends. The declaration and payment of dividends by the
Corporation in future periods remains at the discretion of its Board of Directors and is dependent on the operating
performance, profitability, financial position and creditworthiness of its operating subsidiaries and other investments, as well
as on their ability to pay dividends.
Power Corporation and Power Financial believe their ongoing cash flows from operations, available cash balances and
liquidity available through their lines of credit are sufficient to address their liquidity needs.

CREDIT RISK
Power Corporation, Power Financial and other subsidiaries’ cash and cash equivalents, including fixed income securities,
client funds on deposit, other loans and derivatives are subject to credit risk.
Power Corporation, Power Financial and other subsidiaries manage credit risk on their fixed income securities by adhering to
an investment policy that establishes guidelines which provide exposure limits by defining admissible securities, minimum
ratings and concentration limits.
The maximum exposure to credit risk on these financial instruments is limited to their carrying value.

MARKET RISK
Power Corporation and Power Financial and other subsidiaries’ financial instruments are comprised of cash and cash
equivalents, fixed income securities, other investments (consisting of equity securities, other loans, investment funds and
hedge funds), derivatives and debentures and other debt instruments.

Equity risk
Power Corporation, Power Financial and other subsidiaries held other investments either classified as FVOCI or FVPL. All
unrealized gains and losses on investments classified as FVOCI are recorded in other comprehensive income and transferred
directly to retained earnings on realization. Unrealized gains and losses on investments classified as FVPL are recorded directly
in net earnings. As at June 30, 2024, the Corporation’s investments classified as FVOCI are not significant. At June 30, 2024,
the impact of a 10% decrease in the value of other investments held by Power Corporation, Power Financial and other
subsidiaries would have resulted in an approximate $270 million loss ($230 million at December 31, 2023) recorded in net
earnings related to investments classified as FVPL, including investments in jointly controlled corporations and associates
measured at FVPL.
GBL holds a portfolio of investments which are classified as FVOCI or FVPL. All unrealized gains and losses on investments
classified as FVOCI are recorded in other comprehensive income and transferred directly to retained earnings on realization.
Unrealized gains and losses on investments classified as FVPL are recorded directly in net earnings. As at June 30, 2024, the
impact of a 10% decrease in equity markets would have resulted in an approximate $230 million unrealized loss ($265 million
at December 31, 2023) to be recorded in other comprehensive income related to investments classified as FVOCI and a
$80 million loss ($75 million at December 31, 2023) recorded in net earnings related to investments classified as FVPL,
representing the Corporation’s share of Parjointco’s unrealized losses.
Power Corporation, Power Financial and other subsidiaries’ exposure and management of liquidity risk, credit risk and market
risk have not changed materially since December 31, 2023.




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4   A  105
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




                                       NOTE 13 RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       LIFECO
                                       The risk committee of the board of directors of Lifeco is responsible for the oversight of Lifeco’s key risks. Lifeco has
                                       established policies and procedures designed to identify, measure, manage, monitor and report material risks associated
                                       with financial instruments and insurance contracts. Lifeco’s approach to risk management has not changed significantly since
                                       December 31, 2023. Certain risks are presented below. For a more detailed discussion of Lifeco’s risk governance structure
                                       and risk management approach, refer to Note 24 to the Corporation’s Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended
                                       December 31, 2023.

                                       LIQUIDITY RISK
                                       Lifeco has the following policies and procedures in place to manage liquidity risk:
                                        Management of Lifeco closely manages operating liquidity through cash flow matching of assets and liabilities and
                                          forecasting earned and required yields, to ensure consistency between policyholder requirements and the yield of assets.
                                        Management of Lifeco closely monitors the solvency and capital positions of its principal subsidiaries opposite liquidity
                                          requirements at the holding company. Additional liquidity is available through established lines of credit or via capital
                                          market transactions. Lifeco maintains committed lines of credit with Canadian chartered banks.

                                       CREDIT RISK
                                       Concentrations of Credit Risk
                                       Concentrations of credit risk arise from exposures to a single debtor, a group of related debtors or groups of debtors that
                                       have similar credit risk characteristics in that they operate in the same geographic region or in similar industries. The
                                       characteristics of such debtors are similar in that changes in economic or political environments may impact their ability to
                                       meet obligations as they come due. No significant changes have occurred from the year ended December 31, 2023.

                                       Expected Credit Losses
                                       The majority of Lifeco’s financial assets are measured at FVPL and therefore are not subject to the ECL model. The ECL model
                                       only applies to FVOCI and amortized cost fixed income investments. The ECL allowance at Lifeco was $35 million at June 30,
                                       2024, of which $4 million was Stage 1, $27 million was Stage 2 and $4 million was Stage 3 ($37 million at December 31, 2023,
                                       of which $4 million was Stage 1, $29 million was Stage 2 and $4 million was Stage 3).

                                       Credit Impact on Financial Assets Designated as FVPL
                                       The carrying value of Lifeco’s portfolio investments designated as FVPL represents the maximum exposure to credit risk for
                                       those assets. The change in fair value attributable to the change in credit risk of these assets is generally insignificant in the
                                       absence of significant credit events occurring on specific assets.
                                       A loss of $40 million related to significant credit events occurring on Lifeco’s assets designated as FVPL is included in the
                                       statements of earnings for the three and six months ended June 30, 2024, consisting of a fair value loss of $24 million included
                                       in changes in fair value on FVPL assets, and a loss of $16 million included in changes in investment contract liabilities.
                                       Losses of $13 million and $17 million related to significant credit events occurring on Lifeco’s assets designated as FVPL are
                                       included in the statements of earnings for the three and six months ended June 30, 2023, respectively, consisting of fair value
                                       losses included in changes in fair value on FVPL assets.

                                       MARKET RISK
                                       Foreign exchange risk
                                       If the assets backing insurance and investment contract liabilities are not matched by currency, changes in foreign exchange
                                       rates can expose Lifeco to the risk of foreign exchange losses not offset by liability decreases.
                                        A 10% weakening of the Canadian dollar against foreign currencies would be expected to increase non-participating
                                          insurance and investment contract liabilities and their supporting assets by approximately the same amount, resulting in
                                          an immaterial immediate change to net earnings. A 10% strengthening of the Canadian dollar against foreign currencies
                                          would be expected to decrease non-participating insurance and investment contract liabilities and their supporting assets
                                          by approximately the same amount, resulting in an immaterial immediate change to net earnings.




                                           A  106                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




NOTE 13 RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)




                                                                                                                                                                                     PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
Lifeco has net investments in foreign operations. Lifeco’s debt obligations are denominated in Canadian dollars, euros and
U.S. dollars. In accordance with IFRS, foreign currency translation gains and losses from net investments in foreign operations,
net of related hedging activities and tax effects, are recorded in other comprehensive income. Strengthening or weakening
of the Canadian dollar spot rate compared to the U.S. dollar, British pound and euro spot rates impacts Lifeco’s total equity.
Correspondingly, Lifeco’s book value per share and capital ratios monitored by rating agencies are also impacted.

Interest rate risk
The following policies and procedures are in place to mitigate Lifeco’s exposure to interest rate risk:
 Lifeco manages its interest rate risk by investing in assets that are suitable for the products sold.
 Lifeco uses a formal process for managing the matching of assets and liabilities. This involves grouping general fund assets
   and liabilities into each of its segments. Assets in each segment are managed in relation to the liabilities in the segment.
 For products with fixed and highly predictable benefit payments, investments are generally made in fixed income assets
   or investment properties whose cash flows closely match the liability product cash flows. Where assets are not available to
   match certain period cash flows, such as long-tail cash flows, a portion of these are invested in equities and other non-fixed
   income assets while the rest are duration matched.
 Hedging instruments are utilized when there is a lack of suitable permanent investments or to manage the level of loss
   exposure to interest rate changes.
 To the extent assets and liabilities cash flows are matched, protection against interest rate change is achieved and any
   change in the fair value of the assets will be offset by a similar change in the fair value of the liabilities.
 For products with less predictable timing of benefit payments, investments are made in fixed income assets with cash flows
   of a shorter duration than the anticipated timing of benefit payments, or equities and other non-fixed income assets.
 The risks associated with the mismatch in portfolio duration and cash flow, asset prepayment exposure and the pace of
   asset acquisition are quantified and reviewed regularly.
The impact to net earnings from changes in the interest rates would be largely offset by changes in the value of financial assets
supporting the liabilities. However, differences in the interest rate sensitivity in the value of assets and the value of insurance
and investment contract liabilities leads to a sensitivity to interest rate movements in net earnings under IFRS 17, Insurance
Contracts (IFRS 17) and IFRS 9, Financial Instruments (IFRS 9).
Lifeco’s asset liability management strategy uses public equities and other non-fixed income assets as a component of general
fund assets supporting liabilities, which leads to interest rate exposure in the net earnings. Further, the classification of
financial assets under IFRS 9, such as mortgage assets in the United Kingdom, which are valued at amortized cost and held in
the general fund assets supporting liabilities, also contributes to interest rate exposure in net earnings.
The impact to net earnings and equity from an immediate parallel 50 basis point increase or decrease in interest rates is
illustrated in the table below, rounded to the nearest $25 million:
Change in market yield curves
                                                                                                                            June 30, 2024                     December 31, 2023
                                                                                                               Increase           Decrease            Increase          Decrease
                                                                                                        50 basis points     50 basis points    50 basis points    50 basis points
                                                                                                          interest rates      interest rates     interest rates     interest rates

Net earnings                                                                                                        125               (150)               175               (225)
Equity                                                                                                              100               (150)               150               (225)


Actual impacts of interest rate changes will vary depending upon the geography where the changes occur. Net earnings are
positively impacted by a parallel increase in interest rates in Canada, the United States and the United Kingdom and are
positively impacted by a parallel decrease in interest rates in the eurozone. Actual impacts of interest rate changes also vary
by the level of change in interest rates by term. Therefore, actual impacts from interest rate changes may differ from the
estimated impact of parallel movements in all geographies, which is presented above.
The potential impact on the net earnings does not take into account any future potential changes to Lifeco’s ultimate
investment rate (UIR) assumptions. As at both June 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the sensitivity of net earnings to a
10 basis point increase or decrease in the UIR in all geographies would be an increase of $25 million or a decrease of
$25 million after tax, respectively.




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                          A  107
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




                                       NOTE 13 RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       The impact to net earnings and equity from an immediate parallel 50 basis point increase or decrease in credit spreads is
                                       illustrated in the table below, rounded to the nearest $25 million:
                                       Change in credit spreads
                                                                                                                                                                         June 30, 2024                       December 31, 2023
                                                                                                                                                         Increase            Decrease                Increase           Decrease
                                                                                                                                                   50 basis points      50 basis points        50 basis points     50 basis points
                                                                                                                                                   credit spreads       credit spreads         credit spreads      credit spreads

                                       Net earnings                                                                                                           225                  (275)                 300                (375)
                                       Equity                                                                                                                 275                  (350)                 350                (450)


                                       Actual impacts of credit spread changes will vary depending on the geographies where the changes occur, and the changes
                                       in credit spreads by term. A change in credit spreads may also lead to a change in the allowance for credit risk within the
                                       IFRS 17 discount rate, depending on prevailing market and credit conditions at the time; any potential earnings impacts that
                                       may arise from such a change are not reflected in the sensitivities above.

                                       Equity risk
                                       Lifeco has investment policy guidelines in place that provide for prudent investment in equity markets with clearly defined
                                       limits to mitigate price risk. The risks associated with segregated fund guarantees on lifetime Guaranteed Minimum
                                       Withdrawal Benefits have been mitigated through a hedging program using equity futures, currency forwards and interest
                                       rate derivatives.
                                       Some insurance and investment contract liabilities with long-tail cash flows are supported by publicly traded common shares
                                       and investments in other non-fixed income assets, primarily comprised of investment properties, real estate funds, private
                                       equities, and equity-release mortgages. Net earnings will reflect changes in the value of non-fixed income assets. However,
                                       in most cases the value of the liabilities will not fluctuate with changes in the value of the non-fixed income assets.
                                       The liabilities for segregated fund products with guarantees will fluctuate with changes in the value of the non-fixed income
                                       assets. Under current market conditions, there are no earnings impacts to Lifeco on segregated fund business that it does not
                                       hedge, as changes in the cost of guarantees are fully offset within the CSM. For segregated fund business that Lifeco hedges,
                                       there is a limited earnings impact with respect to the change in liability versus the change in hedge assets.
                                       On January 1, 2024, Lifeco completed the sale of Putnam Investments and currently holds approximately 31,600,000 Franklin
                                       Templeton common shares as part of the consideration, which are classified as FVOCI. Lifeco will hold a majority of these
                                       shares for a minimum five-year period.
                                       The following table provides information on the expected immediate impacts of an immediate 10% or 20% increase or
                                       decrease in the value of publicly traded common shares on net earnings and equity, rounded to the nearest $25 million:
                                       Change in publicly traded common share values
                                                                                                                                         June 30, 2024 [1]                                                   December 31, 2023
                                                                                                          Increase                            Decrease                              Increase                            Decrease
                                                                                            20%               10%                10%              20%                 20%               10%                 10%             20%

                                       Net earnings                                          125                50                (50)             (125)              225                 100              (100)             (225)
                                       Equity                                                575               275              (275)              (575)              525                 250              (250)             (525)
                                       [1] The net impact of the sale of Putnam Investments and the receipt of Franklin Templeton common shares is reflected in the June 30, 2024 values in the table above. The
                                           Franklin Templeton common shares are measured at FVOCI and therefore unrealized gains and losses do not impact net earnings. The after-tax impact on equity of the
                                           Franklin Templeton common shares is approximately $75 million for every 10% change in the common share equity value.

                                       The following table provides information on the expected impacts of an immediate 5% or 10% increase or decrease in the
                                       value of other non-fixed income assets on the net earnings and equity, rounded to the nearest $25 million:
                                       Change in other non-fixed income asset values
                                                                                                                                         June 30, 2024                                                      December 31, 2023
                                                                                                          Increase                            Decrease                              Increase                            Decrease
                                                                                            10%                5%                  5%             10%                 10%                5%                  5%             10%

                                       Net earnings                                          425               200              (225)              (450)              400                 200              (200)             (425)
                                       Equity                                                450               225              (225)              (475)              450                 225              (225)             (450)




                                            A  108                                             P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




NOTE 13 RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)




                                                                                                                                        PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
IGM FINANCIAL
The risk committee of the board of IGM is responsible for assisting the board of directors of IGM in reviewing and overseeing
the risk governance structure and risk management program of IGM.
The risk management policies and procedures of IGM are discussed in the IGM section of the Corporation’s Management’s
Discussion and Analysis (Part C) for the six months ended June 30, 2024 and in Note 24 to the Corporation’s Consolidated
Financial Statements for the year ended December 31, 2023 and have not changed significantly since December 31, 2023.

LIQUIDITY RISK
IGM’s liquidity profile is structured to ensure it has sufficient liquidity to satisfy current and prospective requirements in both
normal and stressed conditions. IGM’s liquidity management practices include:
 Maintaining liquid assets and lines of credit to satisfy near-term liquidity needs.
 Ensuring effective controls over liquidity management processes.
 Performing regular cash forecasts and stress testing.
 Regular assessment of capital market conditions and IGM’s ability to access bank and capital market funding.
 Ongoing efforts to diversify and expand long-term mortgage funding sources.
 Oversight of liquidity and funding risks by the financial risk management committee, a committee of finance and other IGM
   business leaders.

A key liquidity requirement for IGM is the funding of advisor network compensation paid for the distribution of financial
products and services. This compensation continues to be paid from operating cash flows.
IGM believes its cash flows from operations, available cash balances and liquidity available through its lines of credit are
sufficient to meet its liquidity needs. IGM’s liquidity position and its management of liquidity and funding risk have not
changed materially since December 31, 2023.

CREDIT RISK
IGM’s cash and cash equivalents, client funds on deposit, mortgage portfolios and derivatives are subject to credit risk. IGM
monitors its credit risk management practices on an ongoing basis to evaluate their effectiveness.
IGM’s allowance for expected credit losses was $1 million at June 30, 2024, unchanged from December 31, 2023, and is
considered adequate by IGM’s management to absorb all credit-related losses in the mortgage portfolios based on:
i) historical credit performance experience; ii) recent trends including increasing interest rates; iii) current portfolio credit
metrics and other relevant characteristics; iv) its strong financial planning relationship with its clients; and v) stress testing of
losses under adverse real estate market conditions.
IGM’s exposure to and management of credit risk related to cash and cash equivalents, client funds on deposit, mortgage
portfolios and derivatives have not changed materially since December 31, 2023.




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4   A  109
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




                                       NOTE 14 INSURANCE REVENUE




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                                                         Three months ended June 30,                  Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                                                                             2024                    2023              2024               2023

                                       Contracts not measured under the PAA
                                       Amounts relating to changes in liabilities for remaining coverage
                                        Experience adjustments                                                                                 (22)                   (47)               (31)              (61)
                                        CSM recognized for services provided                                                                  312                     316               622                623
                                        Change in risk adjustment for non-financial risk for risk expired                                     154                     152               306                301
                                        Expected incurred claims and other insurance service expenses                                       2,367                  2,293               4,699             4,536
                                        Recovery of insurance acquisition cash flows                                                          145                     138               288                276
                                                                                                                                            2,956                  2,852               5,884             5,675
                                       Contracts measured under the PAA                                                                     2,317                  2,229               4,639             4,443
                                       Total insurance revenue                                                                              5,273                  5,081              10,523            10,118



                                       NOTE 15         RESTRUCTURING AND INTEGRATION EXPENSES

                                       Restructuring and integration expenses are recorded in operating and administrative expenses on the statements of earnings
                                       and include:

                                       LIFECO
                                       Canada Restructuring
                                       For the three months and six months ended June 30, 2024, Lifeco recorded a restructuring provision of nil and $23 million,
                                       respectively, in Canada. The restructuring is related to the transitioning of some of the information technology operations
                                       functions to a managed service arrangement with an external provider. As at June 30, 2024, Lifeco has a provision of
                                       $20 million remaining in other liabilities related to this restructuring and expects to utilize a significant portion of these
                                       amounts during 2024.

                                       Empower Restructuring and Integration
                                       For the three months and six months ended June 30, 2024, Lifeco recorded a restructuring provision of $12 million and
                                       $29 million, respectively, in the United States ($5 million for the three months and six months ended June 30, 2023). The
                                       restructuring is primarily attributable to staff reductions and other exit costs related to Lifeco's acquisition of the retirement
                                       services businesses of Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Company and Prudential Financial, Inc. (Prudential). As at June 30,
                                       2024, Lifeco has a provision of $19 million remaining in other liabilities related to this restructuring ($7 million at
                                       December 31, 2023). Lifeco expects to pay out a significant portion of these amounts during the year and does not expect to
                                       incur further restructuring and integration expenses associated with the Prudential acquisition during the year.
                                       For the three months and six months ended June 30, 2024, Lifeco recorded integration expenses of $15 million and
                                       $43 million, respectively ($23 million and $49 million for the three months and six months ended June 30, 2023, respectively).

                                       POWER SUSTAINABLE MANAGER INC.
                                       In 2024, Power Sustainable Manager Inc. realigned its strategies, which included a strategic decision to wind down its China
                                       public equity strategy and close its investment management operations in China. Power Sustainable Manager Inc. recorded
                                       a restructuring provision of $2 million and $12 million for the three months and six months ended June 30, 2024, respectively,
                                       a significant portion of which is expected to be paid in 2024.




                                           A  110                                     P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




NOTE 16          INCOME TAXES




                                                                                                                                                                PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
INCOME TAX EXPENSE
The components of income tax expense (recovery) recognized in net earnings are:
                                                                                                      Three months ended June 30,   Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                                            2024            2023     2024               2023

Current taxes                                                                                                295             205      564                505
Deferred taxes                                                                                                10            (117)      (25)             (297)
                                                                                                             305              88      539                208


GLOBAL MINIMUM TAX
Under International Pillar Two tax reform, the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development introduced a 15%
global minimum tax (GMT) regime that has been adopted by all countries in which the Corporation and its subsidiaries have
significant operations, other than the United States. Canada enacted GMT legislation on June 20, 2024, which applies
retroactively to January 1, 2024. Other countries where the Corporation and its subsidiaries have significant operations,
including Barbados, Germany, Ireland and the United Kingdom, had previously enacted GMT legislation, also effective
January 1, 2024.
The Corporation currently expects the GMT in Barbados, Ireland and Isle of Man, jurisdictions where the statutory tax rate is
below 15%. For the three months ended June 30, 2024, the Corporation recognized a GMT current tax expense of $62 million
($66 million for the six months ended June 30, 2024), primarily related to Lifeco’s operations in Barbados and Ireland. This
included $34 million for the retroactive application for the first quarter of 2024, as a result of Canada’s enactment of legislation
in the quarter, primarily in respect of Barbados where the GMT was contingent upon Canada’s enactment.
The Corporation has applied the mandatory temporary exception in IAS 12, Income Taxes, whereby it is not recognizing and
disclosing information about deferred tax assets and liabilities related to the GMT.

EFFECTIVE INCOME TAX RATE
The effective income tax rate for the Corporation for the six months ended June 30, 2024, was 17.9%, compared with 12.4%
for the six months ended June 30, 2023.
The effective income tax rate for the six months ended June 30, 2024 is higher than the effective income tax rate for the same
period last year primarily due to the jurisdictional mix of earnings and the GMT at Lifeco, partially offset by the non-recurring
tax expense recorded in 2023 resulting from the ChinaAMC transaction between the Corporation and IGM. The GMT
increased the effective income tax rate by 2.2%.
The effective income tax rates are generally lower than the Corporation’s statutory income tax rate of 26.5% due to non-
taxable investment income, lower tax in certain foreign jurisdictions and results from jointly controlled corporations and
associates that are not taxable.




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                       A  111
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




                                       NOTE 17 OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                                  Items that may be reclassified                        Items that will not be reclassified
                                                                                                                   subsequently to net earnings                                            to net earnings
                                                                                                                                                                        Actuarial gains
                                                                                                                                                                            (losses) on
                                                                                                                                  Share of jointly                             defined        Share of jointly
                                                                                                                       Foreign        controlled                                benefit           controlled
                                                                            Investment           Cash flow            currency      corporations         Investment     pension plans           corporations
                                       Six months ended June 30, 2024       revaluation           hedges            translation   and associates         revaluation         and other        and associates      Total

                                       Balance, beginning of year                (206)                   25             1,115               (276)                (36)             (150)               1,024      1,496
                                        Other comprehensive
                                          income (loss)                             (7)                   2               114                  58              (170)               170                  (155)       12
                                        Realized (gains) losses on
                                          FVOCI equity instruments
                                          transferred to retained
                                          earnings                                   –                     –                  –                  –                29                      –             (164)     (135)
                                        Other                                        –                     –                  –                 (9)                 –                     –               11         2
                                       Balance, end of period                    (213)                   27             1,229               (227)              (177)                 20                  716     1,375


                                                                                                                  Items that may be reclassified                        Items that will not be reclassified
                                                                                                                   subsequently to net earnings                                            to net earnings
                                                                                                                                                                        Actuarial gains
                                                                                                                                                                            (losses) on
                                                                                                                                  Share of jointly                             defined        Share of jointly
                                                                                                                       Foreign        controlled                                benefit           controlled
                                                                            Investment           Cash flow            currency      corporations         Investment     pension plans           corporations
                                       Six months ended June 30, 2023       revaluation           hedges            translation   and associates         revaluation         and other        and associates      Total

                                       Balance, beginning of year                (421)                   40             1,202               (184)                (14)               (49)              1,092      1,666
                                        Other comprehensive
                                          income (loss)                             84                    (1)            (153)                (61)               (40)               (50)                 142       (79)
                                        Realized (gains) losses on
                                          FVOCI equity instruments
                                          transferred to retained
                                          earnings                                   –                     –                  –                  –                41                      –              (50)       (9)
                                        Other                                       (4)                    –                 9                (31)                  –                     –               29         3
                                       Balance, end of period                    (341)                   39             1,058               (276)                (13)               (99)              1,213      1,581




                                            A  112                                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




NOTE 18 EARNINGS PER SHARE




                                                                                                                                                                                 PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
The following is a reconciliation of the numerators and the denominators used in the computations of earnings per share:
                                                                                                               Three months ended June 30,        Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                                                   2024              2023          2024                2023

Earnings
Net earnings attributable to shareholders                                                                           743               514        1,465                  840
Dividends on non-participating shares                                                                                (13)             (13)          (26)                 (26)
Net earnings attributable to participating shareholders                                                             730               501        1,439                  814
Net loss attributable to participating shareholders from
 discontinued operations                                                                                               –               49            79                  62
Net gain attributable to participating shareholders from
 disposal of discontinued operations                                                                                   –                 –          (30)                   –
Net earnings attributable to participating shareholders from
 continuing operations                                                                                              730               550        1,488                  876
Dilutive effect of subsidiaries’ outstanding stock options                                                            (1)               (1)          (4)                  (1)
Effect of equity-settled method for TSARs [1]                                                                          –                 –            1                    –
Net earnings adjusted for dilutive effect from continuing operations                                                729               549        1,485                  875


Number of participating shares [millions]
Weighted average number of participating shares outstanding – Basic                                              649.4              665.8        650.0                666.3
 Effect of potential exercise of outstanding stock options and RSUs                                                  3.1              1.0           3.2                  1.0
Weighted average number of participating shares outstanding – Diluted                                            652.5              666.8        653.2                667.3


Net earnings per participating share from continuing operations
Basic                                                                                                              1.12              0.82          2.29                1.31
Diluted                                                                                                            1.12              0.82          2.27                1.31

Net earnings per participating share
Basic                                                                                                              1.12              0.75          2.21                1.22
Diluted                                                                                                            1.12              0.75          2.20                1.22
[1] Options with TSARs are accounted for as cash-settled share-based payments. As these options can be exercised in exchange for subordinate voting shares or for cash,
    they are considered potentially dilutive and are included in the calculation of the diluted net earnings per share if they have a dilutive impact in the year, and the net
    earnings used in the diluted calculation is adjusted to reflect the expense had these options been classified as equity-settled.


For the six months ended June 30, 2024, 1.3 million stock options (2.2 million in 2023) were excluded from the computation
of diluted earnings per share as they were anti-dilutive.




                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                               A  113
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




                                       NOTE 19           FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       The Corporation’s assets and liabilities recorded at fair value have been categorized based upon the following fair value
                                       hierarchy:
                                       Level            Definition                                                                            Financial assets and liabilities
                                       Level 1          Utilize observable, unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for                     actively exchange-traded equity securities;
                                                        identical assets or liabilities that the Corporation has the ability to                exchange-traded futures;
                                                        access.                                                                                mutual and segregated funds which have available
                                                                                                                                                   prices in an active market with no redemption
                                                                                                                                                   restrictions;
                                                                                                                                                  open-end investment fund units and other liabilities in
                                                                                                                                                   instances where there are quoted prices available from
                                                                                                                                                   active markets.
                                       Level 2          Utilize other-than-quoted prices included in Level 1 that are                             assets and liabilities priced using a matrix which is
                                                        observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly.                      based on credit quality and average life;
                                                        Level 2 inputs include quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in                government and agency securities;
                                                        active markets, and inputs other-than-quoted prices that are                              restricted shares;
                                                        observable for the asset or liability, such as interest rates and yield                   certain private bonds and investment funds;
                                                        curves that are observable at commonly quoted intervals.                                  most investment-grade and high-yield corporate
                                                        The fair values for some Level 2 securities were obtained from                             bonds;
                                                        a pricing service. The pricing service inputs include, but are not                        most asset-backed securities;
                                                        limited to, benchmark yields, reported trades, broker/dealer quotes,
                                                                                                                                                  most over-the-counter derivatives;
                                                        issuer spreads, two-sided markets, benchmark securities, offers and
                                                                                                                                                  most mortgage and other loans;
                                                        reference data.
                                                                                                                                                  deposits and certificates;
                                                                                                                                                  most debentures and other debt instruments;
                                                                                                                                                  most of the investment contracts that are measured at
                                                                                                                                                   FVPL;
                                                                                                                                                  certain limited-life and redeemable fund units.
                                       Level 3          Utilize one or more significant inputs that are not based on observable                   certain bonds;
                                                        market inputs and include situations where there is little, if any, market                certain asset-backed securities;
                                                        activity for the asset or liability.                                                      certain private equities;
                                                        The values of the majority of Level 3 securities were obtained from                       certain investments in jointly controlled corporations
                                                        single-broker quotes, internal pricing models, external appraisers or                      and associates;
                                                        by discounting projected cash flows.                                                      certain mortgage and other loans, including
                                                                                                                                                   equity-release mortgages;
                                                                                                                                                  investments in mutual and segregated funds where
                                                                                                                                                   there are redemption restrictions;
                                                                                                                                                  certain over-the-counter derivatives;
                                                                                                                                                  investment properties;
                                                                                                                                                  obligations to securitization entities;
                                                                                                                                                  certain other debt instruments;
                                                                                                                                                  most of the limited-life and redeemable fund units.




                                               A  114                                       P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




NOTE 19 FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT (continued)




                                                                                                                                                                            PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
The Corporation’s assets and liabilities recorded at fair value, including their levels in the fair value hierarchy using the
valuation methods and assumptions described in the summary of material accounting policies of the Corporation’s
December 31, 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements and above, are presented below. Fair values represent management’s
estimates and are generally calculated using market information at a specific point in time and may not reflect future fair
values. The calculations are subjective in nature, and involve uncertainties and matters of significant judgment.
                                                                                                                                                                    Total
June 30, 2024                                                                                                          Level 1     Level 2     Level 3         fair value

Assets
Bonds
  FVPL                                                                                                                        –   144,050        177          144,227
  FVOCI                                                                                                                       –    12,034            –          12,034
Mortgage and other loans
  FVPL                                                                                                                        –    28,846      4,484            33,330
  FVOCI                                                                                                                       –      578             –              578
Shares
  FVPL                                                                                                                10,746         307       5,840            16,893
  FVOCI                                                                                                                   993            –           –              993
Investments in jointly controlled corporations and associates [1]                                                             –          –     1,010             1,010
Investment properties                                                                                                         –          –     7,910             7,910
Derivative instruments                                                                                                       4      2,022          14            2,040
Other assets                                                                                                              239       3,605          83            3,927
                                                                                                                      11,982      191,442     19,518          222,942


Liabilities
Investment contract liabilities                                                                                               –    87,070            –          87,070
Derivative instruments                                                                                                       1      1,728           7            1,736
Limited-life and redeemable fund units                                                                                        –        22      2,168             2,190
Other liabilities                                                                                                             –      161           83               244
                                                                                                                             1     88,981      2,258            91,240
[1] Represents investments in jointly controlled corporations and associates held by entities that meet the definition of a venture capital organization, which have been
    elected to be measured at FVPL.




                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                           A  115
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




                                       NOTE 19 FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT (continued)




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                                                                                                                                Total
                                       December 31, 2023                                                                                                      Level 1              Level 2       Level 3   fair value

                                       Assets
                                       Bonds
                                         FVPL                                                                                                                       –           144,961            252     145,213
                                         FVOCI                                                                                                                      –             11,750               –    11,750
                                       Mortgage and other loans
                                         FVPL                                                                                                                       –             29,211          4,248     33,459
                                         FVOCI                                                                                                                      –                 578              –        578
                                       Shares
                                         FVPL                                                                                                                10,994                   218         4,965     16,177
                                         FVOCI                                                                                                                  411                      –             –        411
                                       Investments in jointly controlled corporations and associates [1]                                                            –                    –         832          832
                                       Investment properties                                                                                                        –                    –        7,870      7,870
                                       Derivative instruments                                                                                                       6              2,327             16      2,349
                                       Assets held for sale [2]                                                                                                 239                1,006           907       2,152
                                       Other assets                                                                                                             242                3,239             19      3,500
                                                                                                                                                             11,892             193,290          19,109    224,291


                                       Liabilities
                                       Investment contract liabilities                                                                                              –             88,919               –    88,919
                                       Derivative instruments                                                                                                       5              1,338              8      1,351
                                       Limited-life and redeemable fund units                                                                                       3                  15         1,815      1,833
                                       Other liabilities                                                                                                            –                 443            83         526
                                                                                                                                                                    8             90,715          1,906     92,629
                                       [1] Represents investments in jointly controlled corporations and associates held by entities that meet the definition of a venture capital organization, which have been
                                           elected to be measured at FVPL.
                                       [2] Assets held for sale measured at fair value includes shares of $46 million and trading account assets of $2,106 million.


                                       There were no significant transfers between Level 1 and Level 2 in these periods.




                                             A  116                                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




NOTE 19 FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT (continued)




                                                                                                                                                                                               PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
Additional information about assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis for which the Corporation and
its subsidiaries have utilized Level 3 inputs to determine fair value is presented below.
                                                    Mortgage           Shares and investments in
                                                    and other     jointly controlled corporations                                       Limited-life
                                                                                                                                               and      Assets         Other
                                        Bonds           loans                      and associates
For the six months ended                                                                               Investment Derivatives,         redeemable      held for        assets
June 30, 2024                             FVPL           FVPL              FVPL    [1]
                                                                                            FVOCI       properties         net           fund units       sale    (liabilities)        Total

Balance, beginning of year                 252          4,248             5,797                   –         7,870                  8        (1,815)       907             (64)    17,203
  Total gains (losses)
    Net earnings                              –             71              248                   –            (88)            (3)              (11)         –               –         217
    Other comprehensive
     income [2]                               –             59                74                  –            95                  –            (38)         –               2         192
  Business acquisition                        –               –                –                  –              –                 –          (104)          –             62           (42)
  Purchases                                 23                –             947                   –           138              (2)                –          –               –     1,106
  Sale of discontinued
    operations                                –               –                –                  –              –                 –              –       (907)              –         (907)
  Issues                                      –           225                  –                  –              –                 –          (211)          –               –           14
  Sales                                    (27)               –            (235)                  –            (96)                –              –          –               –         (358)
  Settlements                                 –            (99)                –                  –              –                 4             11          –               –          (84)
  Transfers out of Level 3                 (71)               –                –                  –              –                 –              –          –               –          (71)
  Other                                       –            (20)               19                  –             (9)                –              –          –               –          (10)
Balance, end of period                     177          4,484             6,850                   –         7,910                  7        (2,168)          –               –    17,260

[1] Includes investments in mutual and segregated funds where there are redemption restrictions. The fair value is based on observable, quoted prices.
[2] Amount of other comprehensive income for FVPL investments, investment properties, limited-life and redeemable fund units, and other assets and liabilities represents
    the unrealized gains (losses) on foreign exchange.



                                                    Mortgage           Shares and investments in
                                                    and other     jointly controlled corporations                                       Limited-life
                                                                                                                                               and      Assets         Other
                                        Bonds           loans                      and associates
For the year ended                                                                                     Investment Derivatives,         redeemable      held for        assets
December 31, 2023                         FVPL           FVPL              FVPL [1]         FVOCI       properties         net           fund units       sale    (liabilities)        Total

Balance, beginning of year                 195          3,476             4,692                  2          8,344             23            (1,577)          –           840      15,995
  Total gains (losses)
    Net earnings                              6           354               306                   –          (507)             (3)            (190)         25               7           (2)
    Other comprehensive
     income [2]                               –             52               (30)               18             53                  –              2        (14)              –           81
  Purchases                                 68                –           1,445                   –           191              (3)                –         12             24      1,737
  Issues                                      –           578                  –                  –              –                 –          (472)          –               –         106
  Sales                                    (17)               –            (690)               (20)          (211)                 –              –        (67)             (2)    (1,007)
  Settlements                                 –           (150)                –                  –              –             (9)             168           –               –            9
  Other [3]                                   –            (62)              74                   –              –                 –           254        951           (933)          284
Balance, end of year                       252          4,248             5,797                   –         7,870                  8        (1,815)       907             (64)    17,203

[1] Includes investments in mutual and segregated funds where there are redemption restrictions. The fair value is based on observable, quoted prices.
[2] Amount of other comprehensive income for FVPL investments, investment properties, limited-life and redeemable fund units, and other assets and liabilities represents
    the unrealized gains (losses) on foreign exchange.
[3] Includes amounts reclassified to assets held for sale as a result of the agreement to sell Putnam Investments (Note 3).

Transfers into Level 3 are due primarily to decreased observability of inputs in valuation methodologies or the placement of
redemption restrictions on investments in mutual and segregated funds. Transfers out of Level 3 are due primarily to
increased observability of inputs in valuation methodologies as evidenced by corroboration of market prices with multiple
pricing vendors or the lifting of redemption restrictions on investments in mutual and segregated funds.




                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                              A  117
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




                                       NOTE 19 FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT (continued)




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       Significant unobservable inputs used at period-end in measuring assets categorized as Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy are
                                       presented below.
                                                                                                                                                                                 Interrelationship between key
                                                                                                         Significant                                                             unobservable inputs and fair value
                                       Type of asset            Valuation approach                       unobservable input               Input value                            measurement
                                       Investment properties    Investment property valuations     Discount rate                          Range of 4.2% – 12.9%                  A decrease in the discount
                                                                are generally determined using                                                                                   rate would result in an
                                                                property valuation models based                                                                                  increase in fair value.
                                                                on expected capitalization rates                                                                                 An increase in the discount
                                                                and models that discount                                                                                         rate would result in a
                                                                expected future net cash flows.                                                                                  decrease in fair value.
                                                                The determination of the fair      Reversionary rate                      Range of 4.3% – 8.0%                   A decrease in the
                                                                value of investment property                                                                                     reversionary rate would
                                                                requires the use of estimates such                                                                               result in an increase in fair
                                                                as future cash flows (such as                                                                                    value.
                                                                future leasing assumptions,
                                                                                                                                                                                 An increase in the
                                                                rental rates, capital and
                                                                                                                                                                                 reversionary rate would
                                                                operating expenditures) and
                                                                                                                                                                                 result in a decrease in fair
                                                                discount, reversionary and
                                                                                                                                                                                 value.
                                                                overall capitalization rates
                                                                applicable to the asset based      Vacancy rate                           Weighted average of                    A decrease in the expected
                                                                on current market rates.                                                  4.6%                                   vacancy rate would
                                                                                                                                                                                 generally result in an
                                                                                                                                                                                 increase in fair value.
                                                                                                                                                                                 An increase in the expected
                                                                                                                                                                                 vacancy rate would
                                                                                                                                                                                 generally result in
                                                                                                                                                                                 a decrease in fair value.
                                       Mortgage and             The valuation approach for          Discount rate                         Range of 4.6% – 6.4%                   A decrease in the discount
                                       other loans – equity-    equity-release mortgages is to                                                                                   rate would result in an
                                       release mortgages        use an internal valuation model to                                                                               increase in fair value.
                                       (FVPL)                   determine the projected asset                                                                                    An increase in the discount
                                                                cash flows, including the cost of                                                                                rate would result in a
                                                                the no-negative-equity guarantee                                                                                 decrease in fair value.
                                                                for each individual loan, to
                                                                aggregate these across all loans
                                                                and to discount those cash flows
                                                                back to the valuation date. The
                                                                projection is done monthly until
                                                                expected redemption of the loan
                                                                either voluntarily or on the
                                                                death/entering into long-term
                                                                care of the loanholders.
                                       Shares and               The determination of the fair       Discount rate                         Various                                A decrease in the discount
                                       investments in jointly   value of shares requires the use of                                                                              rate would result in an
                                       controlled               estimates such as future cash                                                                                    increase in fair value.
                                       corporations and         flows, discount rates, projected                                                                                 An increase in the discount
                                       associates               earnings multiples, or recent                                                                                    rate would result in a
                                                                transactions.                                                                                                    decrease in fair value.
                                       Limited-life and         The determination of the fair       Discount rate                         Various                                A decrease in the discount
                                       redeemable fund units    value of the limited-life and                                                                                    rate would result in an
                                                                redeemable fund units is based                                                                                   increase in fair value.
                                                                on the fair value of the underlying                                                                              An increase in the discount
                                                                fund’s investments.                                                                                              rate would result in a
                                                                                                                                                                                 decrease in fair value.




                                            A  118                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




NOTE 20 SEGMENTED INFORMATION




                                                                                                                                     PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
The Corporation is an international management and holding company. Its core holdings are leading insurance, retirement,
wealth management and investment businesses, including a portfolio of alternative asset investment platforms.
As a holding company, the Corporation evaluates the performance of each operating segment based on its contribution to
the earnings attributable to participating shareholders. The contribution to the earnings attributable to participating
shareholders from Lifeco, IGM Financial, GBL, Sagard, Power Sustainable and other, represents the Corporation’s share of
their net earnings.
The Corporation’s reportable segments include Lifeco and IGM Financial due to their quantitative contribution, and the
Corporation also considers GBL as a reportable segment. Together, they represent the Corporation’s investments in publicly
traded operating companies. As well, the Corporation considers the Holding company to be a reportable segment.
 Lifeco is a financial services holding company with interests in life insurance, health insurance, retirement and investment
   services, asset management, and reinsurance businesses, primarily in Canada, the United States and Europe.
 IGM Financial is a leading wealth and asset management company supporting advisors and the clients they serve in
   Canada, and institutional investors throughout North America, Europe and Asia.
 GBL is indirectly held through Parjointco. GBL is a Belgian investment holding company and leading investor in Europe. Its
   portfolio is comprised of a portfolio of listed, private and alternative investments composed of global companies, which
   are leaders in their sectors.
 Holding company comprises the corporate activities of the Corporation and Power Financial, on a combined basis, and
   presents the investment activities of the Corporation including its investments in consolidated entities. The Holding
   company activities present the Holding company’s assets and liabilities, including cash, investments, debentures and non-
   participating shares. The Holding company cash flows are primarily comprised of dividends received, income from
   investments and income (loss) from cash and cash equivalents, less operating expenses, financing charges, income taxes
   and non-participating and participating share dividends.
The Corporation’s asset management activities through the investment platforms, Sagard and Power Sustainable, together
with their investing activities, are presented on a combined basis in another category, Alternative asset investment platforms
and other, as they do not qualify as reportable segments.
Alternative asset investment platforms and other are comprised of the results of:
    Alternative asset management businesses, Sagard and Power Sustainable;
    Investments managed by Sagard and Power Sustainable on behalf of the Corporation;
    Entities held through the alternative asset managers which are consolidated; and
    Standalone businesses representing a subsidiary, a jointly controlled corporation and an associate which are managed
     to realize value over time.
Effect of consolidation represents the reconciliation between the measurement basis used for the presentation of the Holding
company with the consolidated financial statements, as well as the intersegment elimination for investments under common
control and other consolidation entries.
The segmented assets present the activities of the holding company, including its investments in consolidated entities, Lifeco
and IGM, as well as other controlled entities, using the equity method of accounting as a measurement basis. These entities
are consolidated in the Corporation’s consolidated balance sheets. Common equity interests in Lifeco, IGM, and alternative
asset investment platforms and other (intersegment investments) are included in their respective segment’s assets.




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4   A  119
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




                                       NOTE 20 SEGMENTED INFORMATION (continued)




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       CONSOLIDATED NET EARNINGS
                                                                                                                                                                                     Alternative
                                                                                                                                                                                           asset
                                                                                                                                                                                     investment
                                                                                                                                                                     Holding      platforms and           Effect of
                                       Three months ended June 30, 2024                                           Lifeco              IGM               GBL         company                other     consolidation     Total

                                       Segment revenue
                                       Insurance revenue [1]                                                      5,273                  –                 –                  –                  –               –    5,273
                                       Net investment income [2]                                                  2,400                  9                 –               17               119                  3    2,548
                                       Changes in fair value through profit or loss [2]                            (864)                 1                 –                 2               31                (18)    (848)
                                       Fee income [3][4]                                                          1,794               836                  –                  –             148                (43)   2,735
                                       Other [3]                                                                       –                 –                 –                  –             200                  –      200
                                       Total segment revenue                                                      8,603               846                  –               19               498                (58)   9,908

                                       Other insurance and investment results
                                       Insurance service expenses [1]                                            (4,057)                 –                 –                  –                  –               –    (4,057)
                                       Net expense from reinsurance contracts [1]                                  (385)                 –                 –                  –                  –               –     (385)
                                       Net investment result from insurance activities [2][5]                      (896)                 –                 –                  –                  –               –     (896)
                                       Net investment result from insurance contracts on
                                         account of segregated fund policyholders                                      –                 –                 –                  –                  –               –         –
                                       Total other insurance and investment results                              (5,338)                 –                 –                  –                  –               –    (5,338)

                                       Other expenses
                                       Operating and administrative expenses [4]                                  1,859               584                  –               45               458                (39)   2,907
                                       Financing charges                                                             101               32                  –               13                52                  4      202
                                       Total other expenses                                                       1,960               616                  –               58               510                (35)   3,109
                                       Earnings before investments in jointly controlled
                                         corporations and associates, and income taxes                            1,305               230                  –               (39)              (12)              (23)   1,461
                                       Share of earnings (losses) of investments in
                                         jointly controlled corporations and associates                                9               51                21                   –              26                (34)      73
                                       Earnings before income taxes                                               1,314               281                21                (39)              14                (57)   1,534
                                       Income taxes                                                                  229               64                  –                  –                  1             11       305
                                       Net earnings from continuing operations                                    1,085               217                21                (39)              13                (68)   1,229
                                       Net loss from discontinued operations                                           –                 –                 –                  –                  –               –         –
                                       Net gain from disposal of discontinued
                                         operations [Note 3]                                                           –                 –                 –                  –                  –               –         –
                                       Net earnings                                                               1,085               217                21                (39)              13                (68)   1,229

                                       Attributable to
                                        Non-controlling interests                                                    415               81                  –               35                23                (68)     486
                                        Non-participating shareholders                                                 –                 –                 –               13                    –               –       13
                                        Participating shareholders [6][7]                                            670              136                21                (87)              (10)                –      730
                                                                                                                  1,085               217                21                (39)              13                (68)   1,229
                                       [1] Included within insurance service result in the statements of earnings.

                                       [2] Included within net investment result in the statements of earnings.
                                       [3] Included within fee income and other revenues in the statements of earnings.

                                       [4] Dealer compensation expenses at IGM are included in operating and administrative expenses.
                                       [5] Includes net finance income (expenses) from insurance contracts, net finance income (expenses) from reinsurance contracts and changes in investment contract liabilities.
                                       [6] The contribution from Lifeco, IGM, GBL and alternative asset investment platforms and other to net earnings attributable to participating shareholders of the Corporation
                                           includes the effect of consolidation.
                                       [7] The contribution from Lifeco and IGM includes an allocation for the results of investments under common control based on their respective interests.




                                             A  120                                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




NOTE 20 SEGMENTED INFORMATION (continued)




                                                                                                                                                                                              PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
CONSOLIDATED NET EARNINGS
                                                                                                                                              Alternative
                                                                                                                                                    asset
                                                                                                                                              investment
                                                                                                                                Holding    platforms and         Effect of
Three months ended June 30, 2023                                             Lifeco              IGM               GBL         company              other   consolidation             Total

Segment revenue
Insurance revenue [1]                                                       5,081                   –                 –               –                –                –         5,081
Net investment income [2]                                                   2,049                   5                 –              (6)             88               18          2,154
Changes in fair value through profit or loss [2]                            (2,668)                (2)                –             11               52               (19)       (2,626)
Fee income [3][4]                                                           1,466                868                  –               –              72               (29)        2,377
Other [3]                                                                         –                 –                 –               –             187                 –             187
Total segment revenue                                                       5,928                871                  –              5              399               (30)        7,173

Other insurance and investment results
Insurance service expenses [1]                                              (3,963)                 –                 –               –                –                –        (3,963)
Net expense from reinsurance contracts [1]                                    (415)                 –                 –               –                –                –          (415)
Net investment result from insurance activities [2][5]                         911                  –                 –               –                –                –             911
Net investment result from insurance contracts on
  account of segregated fund policyholders                                        –                 –                 –               –                –                –                 –
Total other insurance and investment results                                (3,467)                 –                 –               –                –                –        (3,467)

Other expenses
Operating and administrative expenses [4]                                   1,687                721                  –             46              393               (18)        2,829
Financing charges                                                              104                33                  –             13               36                 –             186
Total other expenses                                                        1,791                754                  –             59              429               (18)        3,015
Earnings before investments in jointly controlled
  corporations and associates, and income taxes                                670               117                  –            (54)              (30)             (12)            691
Share of earnings (losses) of investments in
  jointly controlled corporations and associates                                12                58                90              97               34               (43)            248
Earnings before income taxes                                                   682               175                90              43                 4              (55)            939
Income taxes                                                                    56                37                  –              1                (3)              (3)              88
Net earnings from continuing operations                                        626               138                90              42                 7              (52)            851
Net loss from discontinued operations                                          (71)                 –                 –               –                –                –              (71)
Net earnings                                                                   555               138                90              42                 7              (52)            780

Attributable to
 Non-controlling interests                                                     228                59                  –             35                (4)             (52)            266
 Non-participating shareholders                                                   –                 –                 –             13                 –                –               13
 Participating shareholders [6][7]                                             327                79                90               (6)             11                 –             501
                                                                               555               138                90              42                 7              (52)            780
[1] Included within insurance service result in the statements of earnings.

[2] Included within net investment result in the statements of earnings.
[3] Included within fee income and other revenues in the statements of earnings.
[4] Dealer compensation expenses at IGM are included in operating and administrative expenses.
[5] Includes net finance income (expenses) from insurance contracts, net finance income (expenses) from reinsurance contracts and changes in investment contract liabilities.
[6] The contribution from Lifeco, IGM, GBL and alternative asset investment platforms and other to net earnings attributable to participating shareholders of the Corporation
    includes the effect of consolidation.
[7] The contribution from Lifeco and IGM includes an allocation for the results of investments under common control based on their respective interests.




                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                             A  121
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




                                       NOTE 20 SEGMENTED INFORMATION (continued)




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       CONSOLIDATED NET EARNINGS
                                                                                                                                                                                     Alternative
                                                                                                                                                                                           asset
                                                                                                                                                                                     investment
                                                                                                                                                                     Holding      platforms and             Effect of
                                       Six months ended June 30, 2024                                             Lifeco              IGM               GBL         company                other       consolidation      Total

                                       Segment revenue
                                       Insurance revenue [1]                                                    10,523                   –                 –                  –                   –                –    10,523
                                       Net investment income [2]                                                  4,721                21                  –               33               270                  19      5,064
                                       Changes in fair value through profit or loss [2]                          (2,249)                 5                 –                 9               74                  (20)   (2,181)
                                       Fee income [3][4]                                                          3,466            1,660                   –                  –             266                  (86)    5,306
                                       Other [3]                                                                       –                 –                 –                  –             358                    –      358
                                       Total segment revenue                                                    16,461             1,686                   –               42               968                  (87)   19,070

                                       Other insurance and investment results
                                       Insurance service expenses [1]                                            (8,124)                 –                 –                  –                   –                –    (8,124)
                                       Net expense from reinsurance contracts [1]                                  (771)                 –                 –                  –                   –                –      (771)
                                       Net investment result from insurance activities [2][5]                    (1,091)                 –                 –                  –                   –                –    (1,091)
                                       Net investment result from insurance contracts on
                                         account of segregated fund policyholders                                      –                 –                 –                  –                   –                –          –
                                       Total other insurance and investment results                              (9,986)                 –                 –                  –                   –                –    (9,986)

                                       Other expenses
                                       Operating and administrative expenses [4]                                  3,730            1,152                   –               88               913                  (76)    5,807
                                       Financing charges                                                             201               64                  –               27               105                    6      403
                                       Total other expenses                                                       3,931            1,216                   –              115             1,018                  (70)    6,210
                                       Earnings before investments in jointly controlled
                                         corporations and associates, and income taxes                            2,544               470                  –               (73)              (50)                (17)    2,874
                                       Share of earnings (losses) of investments in
                                         jointly controlled corporations and associates                              28               103                75                   –                  8               (77)     137
                                       Earnings before income taxes                                               2,572               573                75                (73)              (42)                (94)    3,011
                                       Income taxes                                                                  398              131                  –                  –                  (7)             17       539
                                       Net earnings from continuing operations                                    2,174               442                75                (73)              (35)              (111)     2,472
                                       Net loss from discontinued operations                                       (115)                 –                 –                  –                   –                –      (115)
                                       Net gain from disposal of discontinued
                                         operations [Note 3]                                                         44                  –                 –                  –                   –                –        44
                                       Net earnings                                                               2,103               442                75                (73)              (35)              (111)     2,401

                                       Attributable to
                                        Non-controlling interests                                                    792              173                  –               70                12                (111)      936
                                        Non-participating shareholders                                                 –                 –                 –               26                     –                –        26
                                        Participating shareholders [6][7]                                         1,311               269                75              (169)               (47)                  –     1,439
                                                                                                                  2,103               442                75                (73)              (35)              (111)     2,401
                                       [1] Included within insurance service result in the statements of earnings.

                                       [2] Included within net investment result in the statements of earnings.
                                       [3] Included within fee income and other revenues in the statements of earnings.

                                       [4] Dealer compensation expenses at IGM are included in operating and administrative expenses.
                                       [5] Includes net finance income (expenses) from insurance contracts, net finance income (expenses) from reinsurance contracts and changes in investment contract liabilities.
                                       [6] The contribution from Lifeco, IGM, GBL and alternative asset investment platforms and other to net earnings attributable to participating shareholders of the Corporation
                                           includes the effect of consolidation.
                                       [7] The contribution from Lifeco and IGM includes an allocation for the results of investments under common control based on their respective interests.




                                             A  122                                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




NOTE 20 SEGMENTED INFORMATION (continued)




                                                                                                                                                                                              PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
CONSOLIDATED NET EARNINGS
                                                                                                                                              Alternative
                                                                                                                                                    asset
                                                                                                                                              investment
                                                                                                                                Holding    platforms and         Effect of
Six months ended June 30, 2023                                               Lifeco              IGM               GBL         company              other   consolidation             Total

Segment revenue
Insurance revenue [1]                                                      10,118                   –                 –               –                –                –        10,118
Net investment income [2]                                                   4,147                195                  –             12              108             (158)         4,304
Changes in fair value through profit or loss [2]                               904                 (1)                –             14               70                (7)            980
Fee income [3][4]                                                           2,866             1,714                   –               –             140               (51)        4,669
Other [3]                                                                         –                 –                 –               –             328                 –             328
Total segment revenue                                                      18,035             1,908                   –             26              646             (216)        20,399

Other insurance and investment results
Insurance service expenses [1]                                              (7,958)                 –                 –               –                –                –        (7,958)
Net expense from reinsurance contracts [1]                                    (757)                 –                 –               –                –                –          (757)
Net investment result from insurance activities [2][5]                      (4,448)                 –                 –               –                –                –        (4,448)
Net investment result from insurance contracts on
  account of segregated fund policyholders                                        –                 –                 –               –                –                –                 –
Total other insurance and investment results                              (13,163)                  –                 –               –                –                –       (13,163)

Other expenses
Operating and administrative expenses [4]                                   3,332             1,336                   –             97              734               (37)        5,462
Financing charges                                                              219                61                  –             27               66                 4             377
Total other expenses                                                        3,551             1,397                   –            124              800               (33)        5,839
Earnings before investments in jointly controlled
  corporations and associates, and income taxes                             1,321                511                  –             (98)           (154)            (183)         1,397
Share of earnings (losses) of investments in
  jointly controlled corporations and associates                                15               111              109               99               21               (74)            281
Earnings before income taxes                                                1,336                622              109                 1            (133)            (257)         1,678
Income taxes                                                                    86               101                  –             41                (8)             (12)            208
Net earnings from continuing operations                                     1,250                521              109               (40)           (125)            (245)         1,470
Net loss from discontinued operations                                          (90)                 –                 –               –                –                –              (90)
Net earnings                                                                1,160                521              109               (40)           (125)            (245)         1,380

Attributable to
 Non-controlling interests                                                     438               321                  –             69               (43)           (245)             540
 Non-participating shareholders                                                   –                 –                 –             26                 –                –               26
 Participating shareholders [6][7]                                             722               200              109              (135)             (82)               –             814
                                                                            1,160                521              109               (40)           (125)            (245)         1,380
[1] Included within insurance service result in the statements of earnings.

[2] Included within net investment result in the statements of earnings.
[3] Included within fee income and other revenues in the statements of earnings.
[4] Dealer compensation expenses at IGM are included in operating and administrative expenses.
[5] Includes net finance income (expenses) from insurance contracts, net finance income (expenses) from reinsurance contracts and changes in investment contract liabilities.
[6] The contribution from Lifeco, IGM, GBL and alternative asset investment platforms and other to net earnings attributable to participating shareholders of the Corporation
    includes the effect of consolidation.
[7] The contribution from Lifeco and IGM includes an allocation for the results of investments under common control based on their respective interests.




                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                             A  123
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




                                       NOTE 20 SEGMENTED INFORMATION (continued)




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       TOTAL ASSETS AND LIABILITIES
                                                                                                                                                                                   Alternative
                                                                                                                                                                                         asset
                                                                                                                                                                                   investment
                                                                                                                                                                   Holding      platforms and           Effect of
                                       June 30, 2024                                                            Lifeco              IGM               GBL         company                other     consolidation       Total

                                       Cash and cash equivalents                                               8,582                454                  –            1,540               607              (293)     10,890
                                       Investments                                                          218,626              5,383                   –              135             1,652               208     226,004
                                       Investments in Lifeco, IGM and alternative asset
                                         investment platforms and other                                           930            1,551                   –          21,895                     –        (24,376)           –
                                       Investments in jointly controlled corporations
                                         and associates                                                           478            3,097             3,572                    –           1,569              (424)      8,292
                                       Other assets                                                           44,806             4,282                   –              270           14,615               (153)     63,820
                                       Goodwill and intangible assets                                         16,104             3,912                   –                 1            1,575                  –     21,592
                                       Investments on account of
                                         segregated fund policyholders                                      460,231                    –                 –                  –                  –               –    460,231
                                       Total assets [1]                                                     749,757             18,679             3,572            23,841            20,018            (25,038)    790,829

                                       Insurance and investment contract liabilities                        232,352                    –                 –                  –                  –               –    232,352
                                       Obligation to securitization entities                                         –           4,651                   –                  –                  –               –      4,651
                                       Power Corporation’s debentures and
                                         other debt instruments                                                      –                 –                 –              647                    –               –       647
                                       Non-recourse debentures and
                                         other debt instruments                                                9,142             2,400                   –              250             3,243                (88)    14,947
                                       Other liabilities                                                      16,967             4,489                   –              987           13,934               (536)     35,841
                                       Insurance and investment contracts on account
                                         of segregated fund policyholders                                   460,231                    –                 –                  –                  –               –    460,231
                                       Total liabilities                                                    718,692             11,540                   –            1,884           17,177               (624)    748,669


                                                                                                                                                                                   Alternative
                                                                                                                                                                                         asset
                                                                                                                                                                                   investment
                                                                                                                                                                   Holding      platforms and           Effect of
                                       December 31, 2023                                                        Lifeco              IGM               GBL         company                other     consolidation       Total

                                       Cash and cash equivalents                                               7,742                545                  –            1,218               639              (207)      9,937
                                       Investments                                                          217,868              5,260                   –              107             2,017               110     225,362
                                       Investments in Lifeco, IGM and alternative asset
                                         investment platforms and other                                           833            1,301                   –          21,527                     –        (23,661)           –
                                       Investments in jointly controlled corporations
                                         and associates                                                           367            3,070             3,717                   3            1,392              (397)      8,152
                                       Assets held for sale                                                    4,467                   –                 –                  –                  –               –      4,467
                                       Other assets                                                           43,264             4,599                   –              282             9,439              (300)     57,284
                                       Goodwill and intangible assets                                         15,928             3,901                   –                 2            1,490                 (1)    21,320
                                       Investments on account of
                                         segregated fund policyholders                                      422,956                    –                 –                  –                  –               –    422,956
                                       Total assets [1]                                                     713,425             18,676             3,717            23,139            14,977            (24,456)    749,478

                                       Insurance and investment contract liabilities                        233,307                    –                 –                  –                  –               –    233,307
                                       Liabilities held for sale                                               2,407                   –                 –                  –                  –               –      2,407
                                       Obligation to securitization entities                                         –           4,688                   –                  –                  –               –      4,688
                                       Power Corporation’s debentures and
                                         other debt instruments                                                      –                 –                 –              647                    –               –       647
                                       Non-recourse debentures and
                                         other debt instruments                                                9,046             2,400                   –              250             3,017                (88)    14,625
                                       Other liabilities                                                      15,663             4,855                   –              986             8,509              (430)     29,583
                                       Insurance and investment contracts on account
                                         of segregated fund policyholders                                   422,956                    –                 –                  –                  –               –    422,956
                                       Total liabilities                                                    683,379             11,943                   –            1,883           11,526               (518)    708,213
                                       [1] Total assets of the Lifeco and IGM operating segments include the allocation of goodwill and certain consolidation adjustments.




                                             A  124                                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




NOTE 20 SEGMENTED INFORMATION (continued)




                                                                                                                                                                                                PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
                                                                                                                                                 Alternative
                                                                                                                                                       asset
                                                                                                                                                 investment
                                                                                                                                  Holding     platforms and         Effect of
Six months ended June 30, 2024                                                                   Lifeco              IGM         company               other   consolidation          Total

Operating activities                                                                            1,788               453               898             (104)            (841)         2,194
Financing activities                                                                            (1,177)             (380)             (951)            138            1,109         (1,261)
Investing activities                                                                              (319)             (164)             375               (74)           (354)          (536)
Effect of changes in exchange rates on
  cash and cash equivalents                                                                        173                  –                –                8                –             181
Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                                                   465               (91)             322               (32)             (86)            578
Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year                                                    8,117               545              1,218             639             (207)        10,312
Cash and cash equivalents, end of period                                                        8,582               454              1,540             607             (293)        10,890


                                                                                                                                                 Alternative
                                                                                                                                                       asset
                                                                                                                                                 investment
                                                                                                                                  Holding     platforms and         Effect of
Six months ended June 30, 2023 [1]                                                               Lifeco              IGM         company               other   consolidation          Total

Operating activities                                                                            2,552               378               745               15             (791)         2,899
Financing activities                                                                            (2,260)             486               (886)            820              707         (1,133)
Investing activities                                                                               (85)          (1,486)              581             (884)               (9)       (1,883)
Effect of changes in exchange rates on
  cash and cash equivalents                                                                        (68)                 –                –               (3)              (3)            (74)
Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                                                   139              (622)             440               (52)             (96)         (191)
Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year                                                    7,290             1,073              1,277             493             (285)         9,848
Cash and cash equivalents from continuing and
  discontinued operations, end of period                                                        7,429               451              1,717             441             (381)         9,657
Less: Cash and cash equivalents from
  discontinued operations, end of period                                                          (258)                 –                –                –                –          (258)
Cash and cash equivalents from continuing operations,
  end of period                                                                                 7,171               451              1,717             441             (381)         9,399
[1] The Corporation has reclassified certain comparative figures to conform to the current period’s presentation. These classifications had no impact on the equity or net earnings
    of the Corporation.




                                     P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                              A  125
Page intentionally left blank.




     A  126                      P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
                       Great-West Lifeco Inc.
                                                  PART B




Management’s Discussion and Analysis
PAGE B 2



Financial Statements and Notes
PAGE B 47




                                                                                                       PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
Please note that the bottom of each page in Part B contains two different page
numbers. A page number with the preﬁx “B” refers to the number of such page
in this document and the page number without any preﬁx refers to the number
of such page in the original document issued by Great-West Lifeco Inc.



The attached documents concerning Great-West Lifeco Inc. are documents
prepared and publicly disclosed by such subsidiary, and are available under
such subsidiary’s profile on SEDAR+, at www.sedarplus.ca. Certain statements
in the attached documents, other than statements of historical fact, are forward-
looking statements based on certain assumptions and reﬂect the current
expectations of the subsidiary as set forth therein. Forward-looking statements
are provided for the purposes of assisting the reader in understanding the
subsidiary’s ﬁnancial performance, ﬁnancial position and cash ﬂows as at and
for the periods ended on certain dates and to present information about the
subsidiary’s management’s current expectations and plans relating to the
future and the reader is cautioned that such statements may not be appropriate
for other purposes.

By its nature, forward-looking information is subject to inherent risks and
uncertainties that may be general or speciﬁc and which give rise to the possibility
that expectations, forecasts, predictions, projections or conclusions will not
prove to be accurate, that assumptions may not be correct and that objectives,
strategic goals and priorities will not be achieved.

For further information provided by the subsidiary as to the material factors that
could cause actual results to differ materially from the content of forward-looking
statements, the material factors and assumptions that were applied in making
the forward-looking statements, and the subsidiary’s policy for updating the
content of forward-looking statements, please see the attached documents,
including the section entitled Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking
Information. The reader is cautioned to consider these factors and assumptions
carefully and not to put undue reliance on forward-looking statements.




P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4   B  1
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis



                                                             MANAGEMENT’S
                                  Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking    DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                                                            Information
                                   This MD&A contains forward-looking information. Forward-looking information includes statements that are predictive in nature, depend upon or
                                   refer to future events or conditions, or include   FORwords
                                                                                             THEsuch
                                                                                                   PERIOD
                                                                                                       as "will",ENDED      JUNE 30,
                                                                                                                  "may", "expects",        2024 "intends", "plans", "believes", "estimates",
                                                                                                                                      "anticipates",
                                   "objective", "target", "potential" and other similar expressions or negative versions thereof. Forward-looking information includes, without limitation,
                                   statements about the Company and its operations, business (including business mix), financial condition, expected financial performance (including
                                   revenues, earnings or growth rates, medium-term financial     DATED:      AUGUST
                                                                                                       objectives  and base6,earnings
                                                                                                                                2024 objectives for the Empower business), strategies and
                                   prospects, expected costs and benefits of acquisitions and divestitures (including timing of integration activities and timing and extent of revenue and
                                  This   Management’s
                                   expense                    Discussion
                                             synergies), expected              and Analysis
                                                                      expenditures               (MD&A)
                                                                                      or investments        presents
                                                                                                      (including        management’s
                                                                                                                   but not                   view ofinthe
                                                                                                                             limited to investment           financial
                                                                                                                                                         technology        condition,and
                                                                                                                                                                       infrastructure     financial
                                                                                                                                                                                             digital
                                  performance
                                   capabilities andand    cashand
                                                     solutions   flows of    Great-West
                                                                     investments            Lifeco Inc.
                                                                                   in strategic          (Lifeco
                                                                                                partnerships),      or the
                                                                                                               expected     Company)
                                                                                                                         utilization of for    the three
                                                                                                                                        restructuring      and six
                                                                                                                                                      provisions,     months
                                                                                                                                                                  value   creation  and June
                                                                                                                                                                                  ended          30,
                                                                                                                                                                                        realization
                                   and growth
                                  2024          opportunities,
                                         and includes           expected dividend
                                                           a comparison       to thelevels, expected cost
                                                                                       corresponding       reductions
                                                                                                         periods       and savings,
                                                                                                                    in 2023,   to theexpected  capital management
                                                                                                                                       three months     ended March   activities and use
                                                                                                                                                                           31, 2024,     of capital,
                                                                                                                                                                                       and   to the
                                   estimates of risk
                                  Company’s          sensitivities
                                                  financial        affectingas
                                                              condition      capital adequacy ratios,
                                                                               at December            anticipated
                                                                                                31, 2023,          global economic
                                                                                                           as applicable.            conditions,
                                                                                                                               This MD&A         and thean
                                                                                                                                              provides    impact  of regulatory
                                                                                                                                                            overall    discussion,    followedon
                                                                                                                                                                                  developments    by
                                   the Company’s business strategy and growth objectives.
                                  analysis of the performance of Lifeco's four major reportable segments: Canada, United States (U.S.), Europe, and Capital and
                                   Forward-looking
                                  Risk Solutions. statements are based on expectations, forecasts, estimates, predictions, projections and conclusions about future events that were
                                  current at the time of the statements and are inherently subject to, among other things, risks, uncertainties and assumptions about the Company,
                                  TABLE
                                  economicOF   CONTENTS
                                           factors and the financial services industry generally, including the insurance, mutual fund and retirement solutions industries. They are
                                  not guarantees of future performance, and the reader is cautioned that actual events and results could differ materially from those expressed or
                                       Basis
                                  implied   byof   Presentation and
                                                forward-looking          Summary
                                                                    statements.     of of these
                                                                                 Many   Accounting   Policies are based on factors and
                                                                                                 assumptions                        Liquidity   and
                                                                                                                                            events    Capital
                                                                                                                                                    that        Management
                                                                                                                                                         are not within  the control of the Company
                                  and   there is no Note
                                  2 Cautionary        assurance   that they
                                                            Regarding        will prove toInformation
                                                                        Forward-Looking     be correct. In particular, in setting
                                                                                                                             28 itsLiquidity
                                                                                                                                      objective to achieve base earnings growth in the Empower
                                  business of 15-20% in 2024, management has assumed pre-tax revenue synergies related to the Prudential acquisition of US$20 million by the end of
                                  3 Cautionary Note Regarding Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios                         29     Cash Flows
                                  2024 and that the performance of equity, interest rate and credit markets during the relevant period is consistent with management’s expectations,
                                  which take into account current market information and assume no credit                    29     Commitments/Contractual
                                                                                                                        impairments. In arriving                    Obligations
                                                                                                                                                     at our assessment    of the Company’s potential
                                  exposure    to Pillar Two
                                       Consolidated           income Results
                                                         Operating     taxes and our expectation regarding the impact on30     our effective
                                                                                                                                    Capital income    tax rate
                                                                                                                                              Management     andand  base earnings, management has
                                                                                                                                                                  Adequacy
                                  relied  on its interpretation
                                  4 Financial      Highlights      of the relevant legislation. It has also assumed a starting
                                                                                                                             31 point    of its
                                                                                                                                    Return   oncurrent
                                                                                                                                                 Equity mix of business and base earnings growth
                                  consistent with management’s base earnings objectives disclosed in this MD&A. In all cases, whether or not actual results differ from forward-
                                  5    2024    Developments                                                                  31     Ratings
                                  looking information may depend on numerous factors, developments and assumptions, including, without limitation, the ability to integrate and
                                  6    Base acquisitions
                                  leverage    and Net Earnings
                                                             and achieve anticipated benefits and synergies, the achievement of expense synergies and client retention targets from the
                                  acquisition
                                  9    Taxes of the Prudential retirement business, the Company’s ability to execute strategic      Riskplans and
                                                                                                                                          Management adapt or
                                                                                                                                                            andrecalibrate
                                                                                                                                                                 Control these     plans as needed, the
                                                                                                                                                                           Practices
                                  Company’s
                                  10              reputation,
                                       Lifeco Value    Drivers business competition, assumptions around sales, pricing,      32      fee Management
                                                                                                                                    Risk   rates, customerand behaviour     (including contributions,
                                                                                                                                                               Control Practices




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  redemptions, withdrawals and lapse rates), mortality and morbidity experience, expense levels, reinsurance arrangements, global equity and capital
                                  markets (including continued access to equity and debt markets and credit instruments      32     Exposures    and Sensitivities
                                                                                                                                       on economically    feasible terms), geopolitical tensions and
                                       Segmented
                                  related              Operatinginterest
                                            economic impacts,        Resultsand foreign exchange rates, inflation levels, liquidity requirements, investment values and asset breakdowns,
                                  hedging
                                  13   Canadaactivities, financial condition of industry sectors and individual issuers that comprise
                                                                                                                                    Accounting part of  the Company’s investment portfolio, credit
                                                                                                                                                    Policies
                                  ratings,
                                  16        taxes,
                                       United       impairments of goodwill and other intangible assets, technological33changes,
                                                States                                                                                    breachesFinancial
                                                                                                                                    International    or failureReporting
                                                                                                                                                                of information    systems and security
                                                                                                                                                                          Standards
                                  (including cyber attacks), assumptions around third-party suppliers, changes in local and international laws and regulations, changes in accounting
                                  18   Europe
                                  policies  and the effect of applying future accounting policy changes, changes in actuarial standards, unexpected judicial or regulatory proceedings,
                                  20   Capital and
                                  catastrophic              continuity and availability of personnel and third party service Other
                                                      Risk Solutions
                                                   events,                                                                                   Information
                                                                                                                                    providers,   unplanned changes to the Company’s facilities,
                                  customer
                                  22   Lifeco and   employee relations, levels of administrative and operational efficiencies,
                                               Corporate                                                                     34      and other general
                                                                                                                                    Non-GAAP              economic,
                                                                                                                                                  Financial Measurespolitical    and market factors in
                                                                                                                                                                        and Ratios
                                  North America and internationally.                                                         41     Glossary
                                       Consolidated
                                  The reader             Financial
                                                is cautioned         Position
                                                               that the  foregoing list of assumptions and factors is not 44        Disclosure
                                                                                                                           exhaustive,           Controls
                                                                                                                                         and there   may beand  Procedures
                                                                                                                                                             other  factors listed in other filings with
                                  securities
                                  23   Assetsregulators, including factors set out in the "Risk Management and 44          Control Internal
                                                                                                                                    Practices"   and Over
                                                                                                                                              Control "Summary     of Critical
                                                                                                                                                             Financial         Accounting Estimates"
                                                                                                                                                                       Reporting
                                  sections of this document and in the Company's annual information form dated February 14, 2024 under "Risk Factors", which, along with other
                                  25 Liabilities                                                                             44     Transactions with Related Parties
                                  filings, is available for review at www.sedarplus.com. The reader is also cautioned to consider these and other factors, uncertainties and potential
                                  27   Lifeco
                                  events       Capital
                                          carefully  andStructure
                                                           not to place undue reliance on forward-looking information. 44           Quarterly Financial Information
                                                                                                                             45
                                  Other than as specifically required by applicable law, the Company does not intend to update      Translation   of Foreign Currency
                                                                                                                                            any forward-looking    information whether as a result of
                                  new information, future events or otherwise.                                               45     Additional Information

                                  Important
                                  Basis of Note Regarding
                                          Presentation andSustainability
                                                            Summary of   Disclosure
                                                                           Material Accounting Policies
                                  Certain forward-looking statements in the Company's filings relate to the Company’s climate-related and diversity-related measures, objectives,
                                  The   condensed consolidated financial statements of Lifeco, which are the basis for data presented in this report, have been
                                   goals, priorities, strategies and commitments or actions that will be taken to achieve them. The climate-related statements include statements with
                                  prepared
                                   respect to in   accordance
                                               achieving    net-zerowith International
                                                                     GHG emissions         Financial
                                                                                      for its          Reporting
                                                                                              operating and  financingStandards     (IFRS)
                                                                                                                         activities by  2050, as
                                                                                                                                               theissued  by the
                                                                                                                                                    Company’s       International
                                                                                                                                                                initial interim       Accounting
                                                                                                                                                                                net zero goals   for
                                  Standards     Board
                                   operations and         (IASB) the
                                                    investments,   unless  otherwise
                                                                       Company’s        noted
                                                                                   plan to      and
                                                                                           review andare  presented
                                                                                                      revise            in net
                                                                                                                           millions
                                                                                                             initial interim      zero of Canadian
                                                                                                                                       goals as         dollars
                                                                                                                                                 appropriate,     unlessand
                                                                                                                                                              the causes   otherwise    indicated.
                                                                                                                                                                               potential impacts  of
                                   climate
                                  This      change should
                                         MD&A        globally, be
                                                                and the Company’s
                                                                    read in          approach to
                                                                               conjunction        identifying
                                                                                                with  the and       managing
                                                                                                            Company's           climate-related risks
                                                                                                                             condensed                 and opportunities.
                                                                                                                                             consolidated      interim The        diversity-related
                                                                                                                                                                           unaudited      financial
                                   statements include
                                  statements      for thestatements   with respect
                                                            period ended     June to30,growing
                                                                                         2024. representation
                                                                                                Refer also to ofthewomen    and underrepresented
                                                                                                                      "Accounting                     minorities
                                                                                                                                       Policies" section          in management.
                                                                                                                                                              of this  MD&A and The   theforward-
                                                                                                                                                                                            Annual
                                   looking information in this update is presented for the purpose of assisting our stakeholders in understanding how we currently intend to address
                                  MD&A     and    audited    consolidated    financial   statements   for  the year    ended   December       31,  2023.
                                   climate-related and diversity-related governance, strategy, risks, opportunities, and objectives, and is not appropriate for other purposes.
                                  Base earnings
                                  Any  commitments,figures   for thegoals,
                                                        objectives,   first quarter
                                                                            ambitions ofor
                                                                                         2024   are discussed
                                                                                            targets presentedhere,
                                                                                                                on a "pro   forma"
                                                                                                                     including      basis
                                                                                                                               but not    as if to
                                                                                                                                       limited   thetheGlobal  Minimum
                                                                                                                                                         Company’s               legislation
                                                                                                                                                                            Taxrelated
                                                                                                                                                                      net-zero          goals
                                       been interim
                                  (including
                                  had         enacted netinzero goals) in
                                                             Canada    andthe first
                                                                            diversity-related measures,
                                                                                      quarter of   2024.are aspirational.
                                                                                                          Base  earningsThey   may
                                                                                                                            have   need to
                                                                                                                                 been      change oron
                                                                                                                                        presented          recalibrated
                                                                                                                                                        bethis                  improve and
                                                                                                                                                                           data Europe
                                                                                                                                                                        as the
                                                                                                                                                                basis for                and
                                  as climate
                                  Capital  & science,  regulatorysegments,
                                              Risk Solutions        requirements    and Lifeco
                                                                                at the   market consolidated
                                                                                                 practices regarding
                                                                                                                 levelstandards,
                                                                                                                        and alsomethodologies,   metrics
                                                                                                                                  by value driver.      Seeand
                                                                                                                                                             themeasurements    evolve.
                                                                                                                                                                  “Taxes” section    in Our
                                                                                                                                                                                         this
                                  climate risk analysis and net-zero strategy remain under development, and the data underlying our analysis and strategy remain subject to evolution
                                  MD&A    for  further  details.
                                  over time and the scope of assets to be included in our 2050 net zero related goals, remains under review. While the Company has begun to develop a
                                  global transition plan in connection with its net-zero related goals, the Company does not currently have a comprehensive transition plan in place to
                                  achieve these goals and the timing for completion of the plan is uncertain. Moreover, the data needed to define the Company’s plan to achieve those
                                  goals is limited in quality, unavailable or inconsistent across the sectors the Company chooses to focus on. We are also continuing to develop our
                                  diversity-related data. There is a strong possibility that our expectations, forecasts, estimates, predictions and conclusions may not prove to be
                                  accurate and our assumptions may prove to be incorrect, and there is a material risk we will not achieve our climate-related and diversity-related
                                  goals, objectives, ambitions, strategies and commitments. In addition, many of the assumptions, standards, metrics and measurements used in
                                  preparing these forward-looking statements are not audited or independently verified, have limited comparability and continue to evolve.



                                                                                                                         Great-West Lifeco Inc. Second Quarter 2024 Management's Discussion and Analysis   2
                                                                                                                                                                                                           1


                                        B  2                                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
Management's Discussion and Analysis



Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Information
This MD&A contains forward-looking information. Forward-looking information includes statements that are predictive in nature, depend upon or
refer to future events or conditions, or include words such as "will", "may", "expects", "anticipates", "intends", "plans", "believes", "estimates",
"objective", "target", "potential" and other similar expressions or negative versions thereof. Forward-looking information includes, without limitation,
statements about the Company and its operations, business (including business mix), financial condition, expected financial performance (including
revenues, earnings or growth rates, medium-term financial objectives and base earnings objectives for the Empower business), strategies and
prospects, expected costs and benefits of acquisitions and divestitures (including timing of integration activities and timing and extent of revenue and
expense synergies), expected expenditures or investments (including but not limited to investment in technology infrastructure and digital
capabilities and solutions and investments in strategic partnerships), expected utilization of restructuring provisions, value creation and realization
and growth opportunities, expected dividend levels, expected cost reductions and savings, expected capital management activities and use of capital,
estimates of risk sensitivities affecting capital adequacy ratios, anticipated global economic conditions, and the impact of regulatory developments on
the Company’s business strategy and growth objectives.
Forward-looking statements are based on expectations, forecasts, estimates, predictions, projections and conclusions about future events that were
current at the time of the statements and are inherently subject to, among other things, risks, uncertainties and assumptions about the Company,
economic factors and the financial services industry generally, including the insurance, mutual fund and retirement solutions industries. They are
not guarantees of future performance, and the reader is cautioned that actual events and results could differ materially from those expressed or
implied by forward-looking statements. Many of these assumptions are based on factors and events that are not within the control of the Company
and there is no assurance that they will prove to be correct. In particular, in setting its objective to achieve base earnings growth in the Empower
business of 15-20% in 2024, management has assumed pre-tax revenue synergies related to the Prudential acquisition of US$20 million by the end of
2024 and that the performance of equity, interest rate and credit markets during the relevant period is consistent with management’s expectations,
which take into account current market information and assume no credit impairments. In arriving at our assessment of the Company’s potential
exposure to Pillar Two income taxes and our expectation regarding the impact on our effective income tax rate and base earnings, management has
relied on its interpretation of the relevant legislation. It has also assumed a starting point of its current mix of business and base earnings growth
consistent with management’s base earnings objectives disclosed in this MD&A. In all cases, whether or not actual results differ from forward-
looking information may depend on numerous factors, developments and assumptions, including, without limitation, the ability to integrate and
leverage acquisitions and achieve anticipated benefits and synergies, the achievement of expense synergies and client retention targets from the
acquisition of the Prudential retirement business, the Company’s ability to execute strategic plans and adapt or recalibrate these plans as needed, the
Company’s reputation, business competition, assumptions around sales, pricing, fee rates, customer behaviour (including contributions,




                                                                                                                                                                               PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
redemptions, withdrawals and lapse rates), mortality and morbidity experience, expense levels, reinsurance arrangements, global equity and capital
markets (including continued access to equity and debt markets and credit instruments on economically feasible terms), geopolitical tensions and
related economic impacts, interest and foreign exchange rates, inflation levels, liquidity requirements, investment values and asset breakdowns,
hedging activities, financial condition of industry sectors and individual issuers that comprise part of the Company’s investment portfolio, credit
ratings, taxes, impairments of goodwill and other intangible assets, technological changes, breaches or failure of information systems and security
(including cyber attacks), assumptions around third-party suppliers, changes in local and international laws and regulations, changes in accounting
policies and the effect of applying future accounting policy changes, changes in actuarial standards, unexpected judicial or regulatory proceedings,
catastrophic events, continuity and availability of personnel and third party service providers, unplanned changes to the Company’s facilities,
customer and employee relations, levels of administrative and operational efficiencies, and other general economic, political and market factors in
North America and internationally.
The reader is cautioned that the foregoing list of assumptions and factors is not exhaustive, and there may be other factors listed in other filings with
securities regulators, including factors set out in the "Risk Management and Control Practices" and "Summary of Critical Accounting Estimates"
sections of this document and in the Company's annual information form dated February 14, 2024 under "Risk Factors", which, along with other
filings, is available for review at www.sedarplus.com. The reader is also cautioned to consider these and other factors, uncertainties and potential
events carefully and not to place undue reliance on forward-looking information.
Other than as specifically required by applicable law, the Company does not intend to update any forward-looking information whether as a result of
new information, future events or otherwise.

Important Note Regarding Sustainability Disclosure
Certain forward-looking statements in the Company's filings relate to the Company’s climate-related and diversity-related measures, objectives,
goals, priorities, strategies and commitments or actions that will be taken to achieve them. The climate-related statements include statements with
respect to achieving net-zero GHG emissions for its operating and financing activities by 2050, the Company’s initial interim net zero goals for
operations and investments, the Company’s plan to review and revise initial interim net zero goals as appropriate, the causes and potential impacts of
climate change globally, and the Company’s approach to identifying and managing climate-related risks and opportunities. The diversity-related
statements include statements with respect to growing representation of women and underrepresented minorities in management. The forward-
looking information in this update is presented for the purpose of assisting our stakeholders in understanding how we currently intend to address
climate-related and diversity-related governance, strategy, risks, opportunities, and objectives, and is not appropriate for other purposes.
Any commitments, objectives, goals, ambitions or targets discussed here, including but not limited to the Company’s net-zero related goals
(including interim net zero goals) and diversity-related measures, are aspirational. They may need to change or be recalibrated as data improve and
as climate science, regulatory requirements and market practices regarding standards, methodologies, metrics and measurements evolve. Our
climate risk analysis and net-zero strategy remain under development, and the data underlying our analysis and strategy remain subject to evolution
over time and the scope of assets to be included in our 2050 net zero related goals, remains under review. While the Company has begun to develop a
global transition plan in connection with its net-zero related goals, the Company does not currently have a comprehensive transition plan in place to
achieve these goals and the timing for completion of the plan is uncertain. Moreover, the data needed to define the Company’s plan to achieve those
goals is limited in quality, unavailable or inconsistent across the sectors the Company chooses to focus on. We are also continuing to develop our
diversity-related data. There is a strong possibility that our expectations, forecasts, estimates, predictions and conclusions may not prove to be
accurate and our assumptions may prove to be incorrect, and there is a material risk we will not achieve our climate-related and diversity-related
goals, objectives, ambitions, strategies and commitments. In addition, many of the assumptions, standards, metrics and measurements used in
preparing these forward-looking statements are not audited or independently verified, have limited comparability and continue to evolve.



                                                                                         Great-West Lifeco Inc. Second Quarter 2024 Management's Discussion and Analysis   2


                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                         B  3
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis



                                  Any goals, objectives, priorities, ambitions, commitments or targets discussed in the Company's filings, may also need to change or be recalibrated to
                                  meet our other strategic objectives and the reasonable expectations of our stakeholders, including expectations around financial performance. As a
                                  financial services company, our primary purpose is to provide our clients and customers with solutions to meet their financial security needs and to
                                  deliver on the promises we make to them. Our ability to fulfil this corporate purpose depends in large part on effective and responsible capital
                                  allocation and the ability to create value within the boundaries of our stakeholders’ expectations, including expectations around financial
                                  performance. The path to achieving net zero and our climate-related objectives will require significant investment, resources, systems and
                                  technologies by third parties we do not control. Faced with a wide range of stakeholder interests, we will need to effectively manage trade-offs and
                                  make choices about how to deploy financial and human capital. These choices could include prioritizing other strategic objectives over our climate-
                                  related goals in pursuit of fulfilling our primary purpose, delivering value to our stakeholders and meeting expectations around financial
                                  performance. As our business, our industry and climate science evolve over time, we may need to adjust our climate-related goals and our approach
                                  to meeting them. We will also need to remain thoughtful about the regulatory and business environment of the jurisdictions in which we operate, as
                                  our ability to achieve our climate goals is contingent on the success of our partners and communities.
                                  We caution readers not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements because numerous factors (many of which are beyond the control of
                                  the Company) may cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by forward-looking information and impact the
                                  Company’s ability to achieve its climate-related and diversity-related goals, objectives, priorities, ambitions, strategies and targets. These factors
                                  include, without limitation, the transition to a low-carbon economy, the need for more and better climate data and standardization of climate-related
                                  measurement methodologies, our ability to gather and verify data, our ability to develop indicators to effectively monitor our advancements and
                                  assess and manage climate-related risks, the need for active and continued action by stakeholders (including governmental and non-governmental
                                  organizations, our counterparties and other businesses and individuals), trade-offs and choices we make that prioritize other strategic objectives and
                                  financial performance over our climate-related objectives, the ability of clients, regulators and suppliers to meet and report on their publicly stated
                                  emissions and commitments, the viability of third-party decarbonization scenarios, the availability of carbon offset and renewable energy
                                  instruments on economically feasible terms, compliance with our policies and procedures, our ability to recruit and retain key personnel in a
                                  competitive environment for talent, technological advancements, the evolution of consumer behaviour, varying decarbonization efforts across
                                  economies, the challenges of balancing emission reduction objectives with an orderly, just and inclusive transition and geopolitical factors that
                                  impact global energy needs, the legal and regulatory environment, and regulatory compliance considerations. In relation to our climate-related
                                  objectives, goals, objectives, priorities, ambitions, strategies and targets, there are limitations and uncertainties inherent in climate science, climate
                                  risk analysis and reporting. The Company has made good faith approximations and assumptions in establishing its interim Scope 1 and 2 reduction
                                  goals and initial reduction goals for Scope 3 financed emissions. However, there are many factors that are the subject of ongoing climate science and
                                  that we cannot foresee or accurately predict which will impact our ability to achieve those goals.




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  Cautionary Note Regarding Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios
                                  This MD&A contains some non-Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP) financial measures and non-GAAP ratios as defined in National
                                  Instrument 52-112 “Non-GAAP and Other Financial Measures Disclosure”. Terms by which non-GAAP financial measures are identified include, but
                                  are not limited to, "base earnings (loss)", "base earnings (loss) (US$)", "base earnings: insurance service result", "base earnings: net investment
                                  result", "assets under management" and "assets under administration". Terms by which non-GAAP ratios are identified include, but are not limited
                                  to, “base earnings per common share (EPS)”, “base return on equity (ROE)”, "base dividend payout ratio" and “effective income tax rate – base
                                  earnings – common shareholders”. Non-GAAP financial measures and ratios are used to provide management and investors with additional
                                  measures of performance to help assess results where no comparable GAAP (IFRS) measure exists. However, non-GAAP financial measures and
                                  ratios do not have standard meanings prescribed by GAAP (IFRS) and are not directly comparable to similar measures used by other companies.
                                  Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section in this MD&A for the appropriate reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial
                                  measures to measures prescribed by GAAP as well as additional details on each measure and ratio.




                                                                                                                     Great-West Lifeco Inc. Second Quarter 2024 Management's Discussion and Analysis   3


                                       B  4                                           P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
Management's Discussion and Analysis



Consolidated Operating Results

    Selected consolidated financial information
                                                                                       As at or for the three months ended                            For the six months ended
                                                                                    June 30               March 31                   June 30           June 30               June 30
    (in Canadian $ millions, except per share amounts)                               2024                  2024                       2023              2024                  2023
    Base earnings1,2                                                           $         1,038        $            978       $            920     $           2,016 $                1,746
    Net earnings from continuing operations3                                             1,005                  1,031                     569                 2,036                  1,183
    Net earnings - common shareholders                                                   1,005                     960                    498                 1,965                  1,093
      Per common share
        Basic:
          Base earnings2,4                                                                 1.11                   1.05                   0.99                   2.16                  1.87
          Net earnings from continuing operations                                          1.08                   1.10                   0.61                   2.18                  1.27
          Net earnings                                                                     1.08                   1.03                   0.53                   2.11                  1.17
        Dividends paid                                                                   0.555                  0.555                   0.520                 1.110                  1.040
        Book value3                                                                      25.36                  24.74                   23.22
    Base return on equity2,4                                                               17.2 %                 17.0 %                 15.9 %
    Return on equity - continuing operations3                                              16.2 %                 14.6 %                 12.2 %
    Base dividend payout ratio2,4                                                          50.0 %                 52.9 %                 52.6 %
    Dividend payout ratio3                                                                 51.4 %                 54.4 %                 97.4 %
    Financial leverage ratio5                                                                29 %                    30 %                  31 %

    Total assets per financial statements                                      $       749,562        $        736,722       $         690,003




                                                                                                                                                                                                  PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
    Total assets under management1                                                     961,501                 941,373               1,042,373
    Total assets under administration1                                               2,929,042              2,855,164                2,643,378

    Total contractual service margin (net of reinsurance
      contracts held)                                                          $         13,008       $         13,047       $          13,058

    Total equity                                                               $         30,870       $         30,239       $          28,774

    Canada Life Assurance Company consolidated LICAT
      Ratio6                                                                                130 %                129%                    126%

1
     This metric is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details.
2
     Global Minimum Tax legislation was enacted in Canada on June 20, 2024 and applies retroactively to January 1, 2024. As a result, comparative results for base earnings and items
     excluded from base earnings for the first quarter of 2024 are presented on a "pro forma" basis as if the legislation was enacted in the first quarter of 2024. See "Taxes" section of this
     document for further details.
3
     Refer to the "Glossary" section of this document for additional details on the composition of this measure.
4
     This metric is a non-GAAP ratio. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details.
5
     The calculation for financial leverage ratio includes the after-tax non-participating contractual service margin (CSM) balance in the denominator, excluding CSM associated with
     segregated fund guarantees. This reflects that the CSM represents future profit and is considered available capital under LICAT. These ratios are estimates based on available data.
6
     The Life Insurance Capital Adequacy Test (LICAT) Ratio is based on the consolidated results of The Canada Life Assurance Company, Lifeco's major Canadian operating subsidiary.
     The LICAT Ratio is calculated in accordance with the Office of Superintendent of Financial Institutions' guideline - Life Insurance Capital Adequacy Test. Refer to the "Capital
     Management and Adequacy" section of this document for additional details.




                                                                                                  Great-West Lifeco Inc. Second Quarter 2024 Management's Discussion and Analysis            4


                                     P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                              B  5
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis



                                  2024 Developments
                                  •   Under International Pillar Two tax reform, the Organization for Economic Co-Operation and Development (OECD)
                                      introduced a 15% Global Minimum Tax (GMT) regime that has been adopted by all countries in which the Company has
                                      significant operations, other than the U.S. Canada enacted GMT legislation on June 20, 2024 which applies retroactively to
                                      January 1, 2024. Other countries where the Company has significant operations, including Barbados, Germany, Ireland
                                      and the U.K. had previously enacted GMT legislation, effective January 1, 2024.
                                      The GMT is complex in nature and applies to Lifeco as part of a larger related group of companies. The Company currently
                                      expects GMT in Barbados, Ireland and Isle of Man, jurisdictions where the statutory tax rates are below 15%. In the second
                                      quarter of 2024, the Company recognized a GMT current tax expense of $62 million, primarily related to its operations in
                                      Barbados and Ireland. This included $34 million, for the retroactive application for the first quarter of 2024 as a result of
                                      Canada’s enactment of legislation in the quarter, primarily in respect of Barbados where the GMT was contingent upon
                                      Canada’s enactment.
                                  •   In the second quarter of 2024, the integration of Prudential’s full-service retirement services business into Empower was
                                      completed and retention targets have been exceeded. The integration delivered the expected US$180 million pre-tax run
                                      rate cost synergies.
                                  •   On July 1, 2024, Canada Life successfully moved Investment Planning Counsel Inc. (IPC) to Canada Life's financial
                                      systems, programs and processes, technology and human resources. IPC continues to operate as a separate brand in the
                                      Canadian wealth marketplace.
                                  •   In the United States, on January 1, 2024, Lifeco completed the previously announced sale of Putnam Investments to
                                      Franklin Resources, Inc., operating as "Franklin Templeton", in exchange for Franklin Templeton common shares, cash,
                                      and contingent consideration of up to US$375 million over a five to seven-year period. In the first quarter of 2024, the
                                      Company recorded a net loss of $115 million reflecting closing costs as well as a $44 million final gain on sale within




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                      discontinued operations. Lifeco retains its controlling interest in PanAgora Asset Management, a leading quantitative
                                      asset manager. The Company currently holds approximately 31,600,000 Franklin Templeton shares and will hold a
                                      majority of these shares for a minimum five-year period.
                                      In addition to the sale, Lifeco, along with Power Corporation of Canada and Franklin Templeton, has entered into a
                                      strategic partnership to distribute Franklin Templeton products. Lifeco will provide an initial long-term asset allocation of
                                      US$25 billion assets under management to Franklin Templeton within 12 months of closing with the potential for that
                                      amount to increase over the next several years.




                                                                                                            Great-West Lifeco Inc. Second Quarter 2024 Management's Discussion and Analysis   5


                                      B  6                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
Management's Discussion and Analysis



Base and Net Earnings
Consolidated base earnings and net earnings of Lifeco include the base earnings and net earnings of Canada Life (and its
operating subsidiaries), Empower and PanAgora Asset Management, together with Lifeco’s Corporate operating results. Net
earnings also include the earnings from Putnam Investments reported as discontinued operations.
For a further description of base earnings, refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document.

                                                                                            For the three months ended                                     For the six months ended
                                                                                    June 30               March 31                   June 30               June 30           June 30
                                                                                     2024                  2024                       2023                  2024              2023
    Base earnings (loss)1,2
      Canada                                                                   $               322 $                  302 $                    283     $          624 $                561
      United States                                                                            324                    286                      265                610                  483
      Europe2                                                                                  206                    197                      180                403                  358
       Capital and Risk Solutions2                                                             190                    195                      203                385                  360
       Lifeco Corporate                                                                          (4)                    (2)                     (11)                (6)                 (16)
    Lifeco base earnings1,2                                                    $            1,038 $                   978 $                    920     $        2,016 $              1,746

    Items excluded from base earnings
      Market experience relative to expectations3                              $                28 $                  107 $                    (79) $             135 $               (247)
      Realized OCI gains / (losses) from asset rebalancing                                       —                      —                  (121)                     —                (121)
       Assumption changes and management actions3                                               39                       (1)                     (4)                 38                   3
       Other non-market related impacts2,4                                                    (100)                    (53)                (147)                 (153)                (198)
    Items excluded from Lifeco base earnings2                                  $               (33) $                   53 $               (351) $                 20 $               (563)




                                                                                                                                                                                                   PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
    Net earnings (loss) from continuing operations3
      Canada                                                                   $               335 $                  353 $                    148     $          688 $                381
      United States                                                                            274                    233                      161                507                  331
      Europe                                                                                   201                    187                      102                388                  142
       Capital and Risk Solutions                                                             155                    260                       169                415                  353
       Lifeco Corporate                                                                        40                      (2)                      (11)               38                   (24)
    Lifeco net earnings from continuing operations3                            $            1,005 $                1,031 $                     569 $            2,036 $              1,183
      Net earnings (loss) from discontinued operations                                           —                   (115)                     (71)              (115)                  (90)
      Net gain from disposal of discontinued operations                                          —                      44                      —                    44                  —
    Lifeco net earnings - common shareholders                                  $            1,005 $                   960 $                    498     $        1,965 $              1,093

1
     This metric is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details.
2
     Global Minimum Tax legislation was enacted in Canada on June 20, 2024 and applies retroactively to January 1, 2024. As a result, comparative results for base earnings and items
     excluded from base earnings for the first quarter of 2024 are presented on a "pro forma" basis as if the legislation was enacted in the first quarter of 2024. See "Taxes" section of this
     document for further details.
3
     Refer to the "Glossary" section of this document for additional details on the composition of this measure.
4
     Included in other non-market related impacts are business transformation impacts (including restructuring and integration costs as well as acquisition and divestiture costs),
     amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets and tax legislative changes impact.

Base Earnings
Base earnings for the second quarter of 2024 of $1,038 million ($1.11 per common share) increased by $118 million or 13% from
$920 million ($0.99 per common share) a year ago reflecting pre-tax growth from all segments, the successful integration of
recent acquisitions in the U.S. and Canada segments and broadly positive insurance experience. The impact of GMT
implementation is reflected in results for the Capital and Risk Solutions and Europe segments.
Base earnings growth for the second quarter of 2024 was driven by improved net fee and spread income driven by equity
market growth as well as the addition of IPC and Value Partners, strong Workplace Solutions earnings driven by group health
experience and organic growth in the Canada segment, growth in the structured reinsurance business in the Capital and Risk
Solutions segment and higher earnings on surplus. These items were partially offset by unfavourable experience in the U.S. life
reinsurance business and the impact of the GMT implementation.
For the six months ended June 30, 2024, Lifeco's base earnings were $2,016 million ($2.16 per common share) compared to
$1,746 million ($1.87 per common share) a year ago. The increase was primarily due to dividend income on Franklin




                                                                                                  Great-West Lifeco Inc. Second Quarter 2024 Management's Discussion and Analysis              6


                                     P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                              B  7
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis


                                  Templeton shares acquired through the Putnam divestiture in the U.S. segment as well as the same reasons discussed for the
                                  in-quarter results.
                                  Base earnings for the six months ended June 30, 2024 include the negative impact of $66 million, primarily related to the
                                  enactment of the GMT legislation in Canada on June 20, 2024 which is retroactive to January 1, 2024. This negative impact
                                  includes a $34 million retroactive impact for the first quarter of 2024 as a result of Canada’s enactment of legislation in the
                                  quarter. Earnings for the first quarter of 2024 have been presented on a "pro forma" basis as if the legislation had been enacted
                                  in the first quarter of 2024, reflecting the impact to base earnings in the Europe segment of $7 million and Capital and Risk
                                  Solutions segment of $27 million. Refer to the "Taxes" section of this document for further details.
                                  Net Earnings
                                  Lifeco's net earnings from continuing operations for the three month period ended June 30, 2024 of $1,005 million ($1.08 per
                                  common share) increased by $436 million or 77% compared to $569 million ($0.61 per common share) a year ago. The
                                  increase was primarily due to an increase in base earnings, favourable risk-free interest rates and credit spread in-period
                                  movements in the Canada segment, and the impact of the finalization of a prior year reinsurance recapture transaction in the
                                  Lifeco Corporate segment. Additionally, the prior period results included realized other comprehensive income (OCI) losses
                                  related to asset rebalancing in the surplus account as well as a loss from sale of Canada Life U.K.'s onshore individual
                                  protection business in the Europe segment and a provision related to Empower's sale of substantially all of its individual life
                                  and annuity business in 2019. These items were partially offset by less favourable interest rate movements in Europe and the
                                  implementation of GMT. The results from discontinued operations for the second quarter of 2024 were nil compared to a net
                                  loss of $71 million a year ago.
                                  For the six months ended June 30, 2024, Lifeco's net earnings from continuing operations were $2,036 million ($2.18 per
                                  common share) compared to $1,183 million ($1.27 per common share) a year ago. The increase was primarily due to the same
                                  reasons discussed for the in-quarter results. The results from discontinued operations for the six months ended June 30
                                  included a net loss of $115 million as well as a $44 million final gain on sale compared to a net loss of $90 million a year ago.




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  Lifeco's net earnings from continuing operations for the three month period ended June 30, 2024 of $1,005 million ($1.08 per
                                  common share) decreased by $26 million or 3% compared to $1,031 million ($1.10 per common share) in the previous quarter.
                                  The decrease was primarily due to less favourable market experience relative to expectations in the Capital and Risk Solutions
                                  and Canada segments and the implementation of GMT. These items were partially offset by higher base earnings in the U.S.,
                                  Canada and Europe segments as well as the impact of the finalization of a prior year reinsurance recapture transaction in the
                                  Lifeco Corporate segment. The results from discontinued operations for the second quarter of 2024 as discussed for the year-
                                  over-year results were nil compared to a net loss of $115 million as well as a $44 million final gain on sale in the previous
                                  quarter.
                                  Items Excluded from Base Earnings
                                  Market Experience Relative to Expectations
                                                                                                               For the three months ended                                   For the six months ended
                                                                                                      June 30                March 31                 June 30                June 30       June 30
                                                                                                       2024                   2024                     2023                   2024          2023
                                  Public equity market impacts                                   $                  1 $                   26 $                    (2) $             27 $                2
                                  Real estate and other non-fixed income asset impacts                            (26)                   (59)                    (69)              (85)             (180)
                                  Interest rate and other impacts                                                  53                    140                       (8)             193                (69)
                                  Total market experience relative to expectations               $                 28 $                  107 $                   (79) $            135 $            (247)

                                  Market experience relative to expectations, which are reflected in the net investment result of the Company's consolidated
                                  statement of earnings, positively impacted net earnings by $28 million in the second quarter of 2024 which compares
                                  favourably to negative impact of $79 million in the second quarter of 2023.
                                  In-quarter impacts reflect interest rate movements including spread movements, lower returns than expected on real estate
                                  assets, partially offset by higher returns on other non-fixed income assets. The positive interest rate and other impacts result
                                  primarily arose from liabilities decreasing by more than their supporting assets in the Canada and Europe segments, driven by
                                  risk-free rate increases. The lower returns than expected on real estate and other non-fixed income assets arose on real estate
                                  assets in the U.K. and Canada, partially offset by higher returns than expected on other non-fixed income assets in Canada.
                                  For the six months ended June 30, 2024, market experience relative to expectations positively impacted net earnings by $135
                                  million which compares favourably to negative impact of $247 million for the same period in 2023. The 2024 year-to-date
                                  positive impact was primarily due to risk-free rate increases, partially offset by lower returns than expected on real estate assets.
                                  In order to mitigate the Company's exposure to interest rate fluctuations, the Company follows disciplined processes for
                                  matching asset and liability cash flows. As a result, the impact of changing interest rates is mostly mitigated in the current


                                                                                                                  Great-West Lifeco Inc. Second Quarter 2024 Management's Discussion and Analysis        7


                                       B  8                                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
Management's Discussion and Analysis


period, with the impact of changes in fair values of bonds backing insurance contract liabilities mostly offset by a
corresponding change in the insurance contract liabilities. However, differences in the interest rate sensitivity in the value of
assets and the value of insurance and investment contract liabilities leads to a sensitivity to interest rate movements in net
earnings under IFRS 17 and IFRS 9, due to the Company’s asset liability management strategies and accounting policy choices.
These choices include consideration of the impact on regulatory capital, which can result in increased net earnings sensitivity,
but decreased capital sensitivity. For example, the Company’s asset liability management strategy uses public equities and
other non-fixed income assets as a component of general fund assets supporting liabilities, which leads to interest rate
exposure in the net earnings; and the classification of financial assets under IFRS 9 which are valued at amortized cost and held
in the general fund assets supporting liabilities (for example, mortgage assets in the U.K.), also contributes to interest rate
exposure in net earnings. Furthermore, sensitivities to interest rate movements vary depending upon the geography where the
changes occur and the level of change in interest rates by term.
For a further description of the Company's sensitivity to equity market and interest rate fluctuations, including sensitivity
disclosures as a result of current market conditions, refer to "Risk Management", note 6 to the Company's condensed
consolidated interim unaudited financial statements for the period ended June 30, 2024.
Assumption Changes and Management Actions
Under IFRS 17, assumption changes on insurance risks and certain management actions directly impact CSM, for contracts
which have CSM. The impact of assumption changes and certain management actions on CSM are measured at locked-in
rates, for contracts measured under the General Measurement Model.
Net earnings impacts arise from the fair value impact of measuring assumption changes impacting CSM at fair value (relative to
the impacts on CSM measured at locked-in rates), as well as assumption changes on financial risks on certain products and
assumption changes on insurance risks on contracts which do not have CSM (including short-term insurance contracts).
For the three months ended June 30, 2024, assumption changes and management actions resulted in a positive net earnings
impact of $39 million and a decrease in CSM of $8 million on non-participating business. These impacts arise from




                                                                                                                                                                           PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
management actions relating to the finalization of a prior year reinsurance recapture transaction, as well as minor assumption
changes and model refinements. This compares to a negative net earnings impact of $4 million and a decrease in CSM of $17
million for the same quarter last year, and a negative net earnings impact of $1 million and a decrease in CSM of $10 million for
the previous quarter.
In the Canada segment, net earnings were positively impacted by $1 million and the CSM was negatively impacted by $2
million. In the Europe segment, net earnings were negatively impacted by $2 million and CSM was negatively impacted by $6
million. In the Corporate segment, net earnings were positively impacted by $40 million.
For the six months ended June 30, 2024, assumption changes and management actions resulted in a positive net earnings
impact of $38 million and a decrease in CSM of $18 million on non-participating business. This is compared to a positive net
earnings impact of $3 million and a decrease in CSM of $22 million on non-participating business for the same period in 2023.
Other Items Excluded from Base Earnings
For the second quarter of 2024, other items excluded from base earnings were negative $100 million compared to negative $147
million a year ago. Business transformation costs were $29 million, a decrease of $82 million compared to the same period in
the prior year. The decrease was primarily due to a provision related to Empower's sale of substantially all of its individual life
and annuity business in 2019 and a loss from the sale of Canada Life U.K.’s onshore individual protection business in the prior
year that did not repeat, partially offset by higher integration and restructuring costs related to the completion of the Prudential
acquisition in the U.S. segment.
For the six months ended June 30, 2024, other items excluded from base earnings were negative $153 million compared to
negative $198 million a year ago. Business transformation costs were $78 million, a decrease of $52 million compared to the
same period in the prior year. The decrease was primarily due to the same reasons discussed for the in-quarter results. The
results from discontinued operations included a net loss of $115 million reflecting Putnam transaction related closing costs as
well as a $44 million final gain on sale in the first quarter of 2024 compared to a net loss of $90 million a year ago.
GMT legislation in Canada was enacted on June 20, 2024 and applies retroactively to January 1, 2024, which resulted in a
negative $34 million retroactive charge for the first quarter of 2024. Base earnings and items excluded from base earnings (tax
legislative changes impact) for the first quarter of 2024 are presented on a "pro forma" basis to reflect the impacts in the Europe
segment of $7 million and the Capital and Risk Solutions segment of $27 million retroactively. Refer to the "Taxes" and "Non-
GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" sections of this document for further details.
Foreign Currency
The average currency translation rate for the second quarter of 2024 increased for the euro, the U.S dollar and the British
pound, compared to the second quarter of 2023. For the three months ended June 30, 2024, the overall impact of currency
movement on the Company's base earnings was an increase of $16 million (increase of $22 million year-to-date) compared to


                                                                                     Great-West Lifeco Inc. Second Quarter 2024 Management's Discussion and Analysis   8


                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                         B  9
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis


                                  translation rates a year ago. The overall impact of currency movement on the Company’s net earnings was an increase of $15
                                  million (increase of 22 million year-to-date) compared to translation rates a year ago.
                                  From March 31, 2024 to June 30, 2024, the market rates at the end of the reporting period used to translate the euro, the U.S.
                                  dollar and the British pound assets and liabilities to the Canadian dollar increased. The movements in end-of-period exchange
                                  rates impact the translation of foreign operations, including related hedging activities, resulting in post-tax unrealized foreign
                                  exchange gains of $240 million in-quarter, recorded in other comprehensive income.
                                  Translation rates for the reporting period and comparative periods are detailed in the "Translation of Foreign Currency"
                                  section.
                                  Taxes
                                  The Company's effective income tax rate on earnings attributable to common shareholders and total Lifeco earnings are
                                  presented below.

                                      Effective Income Tax Rates                                                           For the three months ended                                    For the six months ended
                                                                                                                   June 30               March 31                 June 30                 June 30          June 30
                                                                                                                    2024                  20242,3                  2023                    20242            2023
                                      Base earnings - common shareholders1,2                                              19.3 %                 17.9 %                  15.6 %                   18.6 %         13.4 %
                                      Net earnings - common shareholders3                                                 19.4 %                 15.1 %                  12.0 %                   17.3 %          9.2 %
                                      Net earnings - total Lifeco                                                         17.4 %                 13.4 %                   8.2 %                   15.5 %          6.4 %

                                  1
                                       This metric is a non-GAAP ratio. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details.
                                  2
                                       Global Minimum Tax legislation was enacted in Canada on June 20, 2024 and applies retroactively to January 1, 2024. As a result, comparative effective tax rates on base earnings are
                                       presented on a "pro forma" basis as if the legislation was enacted in the first quarter of 2024.
                                  3
                                       The Company recorded a current tax expense of $62 million during the second quarter of 2024, of which $34 million was retroactive to the first quarter of 2024. The Company's




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                       effective tax rate for the first quarter of 2024 would have been 17.8% had the Global Minimum Tax been enacted in the first quarter of 2024.
                                  The Company's effective income tax rate is generally lower than the statutory income tax rate of 28.0% due to benefits related to
                                  non-taxable investment income and lower income tax in certain foreign jurisdictions.
                                  Under International Pillar Two tax reform, the Organization for Economic Co-Operation and Development (OECD) introduced
                                  a 15% Global Minimum Tax (GMT) regime that has been adopted by all countries in which the Company has significant
                                  operations, other than the U.S. Canada enacted GMT legislation on June 20, 2024 which applies retroactively to January 1, 2024.
                                  Other countries where the Company has significant operations, including Barbados, Germany, Ireland and the U.K. had
                                  previously enacted GMT legislation, effective January 1, 2024.
                                  The GMT is complex in nature and applies to Lifeco as part of a larger related group of companies. The Company currently
                                  expects GMT in Barbados, Ireland and Isle of Man, jurisdictions where the statutory tax rates are below 15%. In the second
                                  quarter of 2024, the Company recognized a GMT current tax expense of $62 million, primarily related to its operations in
                                  Barbados and Ireland. This included $34 million, for the retroactive application for the first quarter of 2024 as a result of
                                  Canada’s enactment of legislation in the quarter, primarily in respect of Barbados where the GMT was contingent upon
                                  Canada’s enactment.
                                  The impact of the GMT on the Company's effective income tax rate on earnings attributable to common shareholders and total
                                  Lifeco earnings are presented below.
                                                                                                                                                                               For the three             For the six
                                                                                                                                                                               months ended            months ended
                                      Impact of GMT on Effective Income Tax Rates                                                                                              June 30, 2024           June 30, 2024
                                      Base earnings - common shareholders1                                                                                                                    2.1 %               2.6 %
                                      Net earnings - common shareholders                                                                                                                      4.8 %               2.6 %
                                      Net earnings - total Lifeco                                                                                                                             4.7 %               2.6 %

                                  1
                                       This metric is a non-GAAP ratio. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details.
                                  In the second quarter of 2024, the Company's effective income tax rates increased from the second quarter of 2023, primarily
                                  due to the GMT as well as the jurisdictional mix of earnings.
                                  For the six months ended June 30, 2024, the Company's effective income tax rates were up from the same period last year,
                                  primarily due to the same reasons discussed for the in-quarter results.
                                  Refer to note 14 of the Company's condensed consolidated interim unaudited financial statements for the period ended
                                  June 30, 2024 for further details.




                                                                                                                                 Great-West Lifeco Inc. Second Quarter 2024 Management's Discussion and Analysis          9


                                           B  10                                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
Management's Discussion and Analysis



Lifeco Value Drivers
The Company has a diversified mix of business across its reportable operating segments and accordingly supplements its
analysis of results with reporting and disclosures by business type or “value driver”. The Company focuses on three key value
drivers for its business that extend across its reportable operating segments:
•        Workplace Solutions
•        Wealth & Asset Management
•        Insurance & Risk Solutions
Lifeco Base Earnings by Value Driver
                                                                                                 For the three months ended                                  For the six months ended
                                                                                        June 30                March 31                 June 30              June 30           June 30
                                                                                         2024                   2024                     2023                 2024              2023
    Base earnings (loss)1,2
    Workplace Solutions                                                            $               512 $                  453 $                   454    $          965 $                899
    Wealth & Asset Management                                                                      157                    143                     119               300                  238
    Insurance & Risk Solutions                                                                     335                    352                     377               687                  669
    Corporate                                                                                        34                     30                    (30)                 64                 (60)
    Lifeco base earnings1,2                                                        $             1,038 $                  978 $                   920    $         2,016 $             1,746

    Lifeco net earnings from continuing operations3                                $             1,005 $                1,031 $                   569    $         2,036 $             1,183

1
      This metric is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details.
2
      Global Minimum Tax legislation was enacted in Canada on June 20, 2024 and applies retroactively to January 1, 2024. As a result, comparative results for base earnings and items




                                                                                                                                                                                                   PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
      excluded from base earnings for the first quarter of 2024 are presented on a "pro forma" basis as if the legislation was enacted in the first quarter of 2024. See "Taxes" section of this
      document for further details.
2
     Refer to the "Glossary" section of this document for additional details on the composition of this measure.
The information in the table above is a summary of base earnings by the Company's value drivers. Additional commentary
regarding base earnings by value drivers is included, as applicable, in the sections below.
Workplace Solutions
The Company has built millions of trusted relationships with customers through Workplace Solutions. These relationships are
based on the consistent delivery of health and wellness benefits, as well as retirement solutions that are delivered at scale
through employer sponsored plans as a core part of the business. The Company is also building lifetime customer
relationships through a focus on deepening the advice and solutions to better meet customers' retirement, investment and
wellness needs.
Selected Financial Results
                                                                                                 For the three months ended                                  For the six months ended
                                                                                        June 30                March 31                 June 30              June 30           June 30
                                                                                         2024                   2024                     2023                 2024              2023
    Base earnings (loss)1,2                                                        $               512 $                  453 $                   454    $          965 $                899
                                    3
    Retirement net cash flows                                                                   (4,936)                (8,814)               4,388               (13,750)            14,297
    Fee and other income                                                                        1,226                   1,125                1,067                 2,351               2,086
    Group life and health book premiums3                                                       17,395                 17,444                15,067

1
      This metric is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details.
2
      Global Minimum Tax legislation was enacted in Canada on June 20, 2024 and applies retroactively to January 1, 2024. As a result, comparative results for base earnings and items
      excluded from base earnings for the first quarter of 2024 are presented on a "pro forma" basis as if the legislation was enacted in the first quarter of 2024. See "Taxes" section of this
      document for further details.
3
      Refer to the "Glossary" section of this document for additional details on the composition of this measure.

Base earnings
Workplace Solutions base earnings for the second quarter of 2024 of $512 million increased by $58 million or 13% compared to
the same quarter last year. The increase was primarily due to favourable long-term disability and health experience and
organic business growth in the Canada segment, increased fee income in Empower Defined Contribution and favourable
group experience in the U.K., partially offset by unfavourable health claims experience in Ireland.




                                                                                                    Great-West Lifeco Inc. Second Quarter 2024 Management's Discussion and Analysis          10


                                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                           B  11
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis


                                  For the six months ended June 30, 2024, Workplace Solutions base earnings of $965 million increased by $66 million or 7%
                                  compared to the same period last year. The increase was primarily due to the same reasons discussed for the in-quarter results
                                  as well as growth in the group and annuity protection business in the U.K.
                                  Net cash flows
                                  Net cash outflows for the second quarter of 2024 were $4.9 billion compared to net cash inflows of $4.4 billion for the same
                                  quarter last year, primarily due to higher participant net redemptions in Empower Defined Contribution in the current year.
                                  Average account balances of participants have increased due to market growth over the past year, resulting in increased
                                  distributions, which have outpaced contributions. Net cash outflows for the second quarter of 2024 were also driven by one
                                  acquired Prudential large client loss which was in line with expectations. Overall, acquired Prudential retention targets have
                                  been exceeded.
                                  For the six months ended June 30, 2024, net cash outflows were $13.8 billion compared to net cash inflows of $14.3 billion for
                                  the same period last year, primarily due to the same reason discussed for the in-quarter result, as well as a large plan
                                  redemption that was partially offset by another large plan addition in Empower Defined Contribution. Large plan sales can be
                                  highly variable from period to period and tend to be lower margin; but nevertheless contribute to covering fixed overhead
                                  costs.
                                  Fee and other income
                                  Fee and other income for the second quarter of 2024 of $1,226 million increased by $159 million compared to the same quarter
                                  last year, primarily due to the impact of higher equity market levels in Empower Defined Contribution and adjustments related
                                  to the Prudential acquisition in the U.S. segment and growth in administrative services only (ASO) fees in the Canada segment.
                                  For the six months ended June 30, 2024, fee and other income of $2,351 million increased by $265 million compared to the
                                  same period last year, primarily due to the same reasons discussed for the in-quarter results.
                                  Group life and health book premiums




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  Group life and health book premiums at June 30, 2024 were $17,395 million, a decrease of $49 million compared to March 31,
                                  2024, primarily due to the termination of one large plan in the Canada segment, partially offset by organic growth of in-force
                                  business in the Canada and Europe segments.
                                  Wealth & Asset Management
                                  In partnership with over 106,000 advisor relationships globally at the start of 2024, the Company is delivering targeted and
                                  sophisticated solutions supported by personalized advice to meet customers’ most complex personal wealth needs. The
                                  approach is enabled through investments in technology platforms and in market leading managed solutions to help advisors
                                  continue to meet the evolving needs of customers.
                                  Selected Financial Results
                                                                                                                          As at or for the three months ended                                 For the six months ended
                                                                                                                       June 30                March 31                June 30                  June 30           June 30
                                                                                                                        2024                   2024                    2023                     2024              2023
                                      Base earnings (loss)1,2                                                     $               157 $                   143 $                  119      $           300 $                238
                                      Wealth net cash flows3,4                                                                 3,784                      219                 1,882                  4,003               8,139
                                      Fee and other income                                                                        550                     528                    384                 1,078                 756
                                      CSM, segregated fund products5                                                           3,348                   3,424                  3,302

                                  1
                                        This metric is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details.
                                  2
                                        Global Minimum Tax legislation was enacted in Canada on June 20, 2024 and applies retroactively to January 1, 2024. As a result, comparative results for base earnings and items
                                        excluded from base earnings for the first quarter of 2024 are presented on a "pro forma" basis as if the legislation was enacted in the first quarter of 2024. See "Taxes" section of this
                                        document for further details.
                                  3
                                        Refer to the "Glossary" section of this document for additional details on the composition of this measure.
                                  4
                                        Comparative results are restated for the re-mapping of certain business units to value drivers in the Europe segment following internal reviews for the period ended June 30, 2023.
                                  5
                                        The U.S. segment does not have a material CSM balance and has been excluded.

                                  Base earnings
                                  Wealth & Asset Management base earnings for the second quarter of 2024 of $157 million increased by $38 million or 32%
                                  compared to the same quarter last year. The increase was primarily due to higher net fee and spread income in the Canada and
                                  Europe segments driven by higher average equity markets as well as the addition of IPC and Value Partners in the Canada
                                  segment.
                                  For the six months ended June 30, 2024, Wealth & Asset Management base earnings of $300 million increased by $62 million or
                                  26% compared to the same period last year. The increase was primarily due to the same reasons discussed for the in-quarter




                                                                                                                                   Great-West Lifeco Inc. Second Quarter 2024 Management's Discussion and Analysis             11


                                            B  12                                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
Management's Discussion and Analysis


results as well as higher net fee and spread income in Empower Personal Wealth, partially offset by a favourable tax item from
2023 that did not repeat in the Canada segment.
Net cash flows
Net cash inflows for the second quarter of 2024 were $3,784 million compared to net inflows of $1,882 million for the same
quarter last year, primarily due to higher wealth fund management sales in Ireland driven by a large client sale as well as the
additions of IPC and Value Partners and higher individual wealth sales in the Canada segment. These items were partially
offset by lower inflows in Empower Personal Wealth.
For the six months ended June 30, 2024, net cash inflows were $4,003 million compared to net cash inflows of $8,139 million for
the same period last year, primarily due to lower inflows in Empower Personal Wealth. These items were partially offset by
higher wealth fund management sales in Ireland driven by a large client sale as well as the additions of IPC and Value Partners
and higher individual wealth sales in the Canada segment.
Fee and other income
Fee and other income for the second quarter of 2024 of $550 million increased by $166 million compared to the same quarter
last year, primarily due to the additions of IPC and Value Partners in the Canada segment, higher assets under administration
due to higher equity market levels and overall growth in the U.S. segment and higher management fees from higher average
assets under administration in the Europe segment.
For the six months ended June 30, 2024, fee and other income of $1,078 million increased by $322 million compared to the
same period last year, primarily due to the same reasons discussed for the in-quarter results.
CSM, segregated fund products
CSM for segregated fund products at June 30, 2024 of $3,348 million decreased by $76 million compared to March 31, 2024,
primarily due to unfavourable market impacts in the Europe segment and segregated fund net outflows in the Canada segment.
Insurance & Risk Solutions




                                                                                                                                                                                                   PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
The Company has a strong and stable insurance base which helps produce capital that is invested in areas of opportunity for
growth. Additionally, with its sophisticated risk and capital management expertise, the Company is helping organizations
manage their risks and deliver sustainable customer solutions. By leveraging this expertise, Lifeco is diversifying its portfolio,
offsetting or counterbalancing risks and creating value for stakeholders including strong financial performance.
Selected Financial Results
                                                                                         As at or for the three months ended                              For the six months ended
                                                                                      June 30                March 31                 June 30             June 30              June 30
                                                                                       2024                   2024                     2023                2024                 2023
    Base earnings (loss)1,2                                                      $               335 $                  352 $                   377   $            687 $                 669
    New business non-participating CSM, excluding segregated
      fund products3                                                                               82                   127                      85                209                   144
    Non-participating CSM, excluding segregated fund
      products3                                                                                6,163                  6,209                5,896

1
      This metric is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details.
2
      Global Minimum Tax legislation was enacted in Canada on June 20, 2024 and applies retroactively to January 1, 2024. As a result, comparative results for base earnings and items
      excluded from base earnings for the first quarter of 2024 are presented on a "pro forma" basis as if the legislation was enacted in the first quarter of 2024. See "Taxes" section of this
      document for further details.
3
      The U.S. segment does not have a material CSM balance and has been excluded.

Base earnings
Insurance & Risk Solutions base earnings for the second quarter of 2024 of $335 million decreased by $42 million or 11%
compared to the same quarter last year. The decrease was primarily due to unfavourable experience in the U.S. life business
and the impact of GMT in the Capital and Risk Solutions and Europe segments, partially offset by growth in the structured
business in the Capital and Risk Solutions segment and improved mortality experience in the Canada segment.
For the six months ended June 30, 2024, Insurance & Risk Solutions base earnings of $687 million increased by $18 million or
3% compared to the same period last year. The increase was primarily due to growth in the structured business in the Capital
and Risk Solutions segment, partially offset by the impact of GMT in the Capital and Risk Solutions and Europe segments.
New business non-participating CSM, excluding segregated fund products
Insurance & Risk Solutions new business non-participating CSM, excluding segregated fund products, for the second quarter of
2024 of $82 million was comparable to the same quarter last year.




                                                                                                  Great-West Lifeco Inc. Second Quarter 2024 Management's Discussion and Analysis            12


                                      P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                             B  13
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis


                                  For the six months ended June 30, 2024, Insurance & Risk Solutions new business non-participating CSM, excluding segregated
                                  fund products, of $209 million increased by $65 million compared to the same period last year, primarily due to higher new
                                  business growth in bulk and individual annuities in the U.K. in the Europe segment.
                                  Non-participating CSM, excluding segregated fund products
                                  Non-participating CSM, excluding segregated fund products, at June 30, 2024 of $6,163 million decreased by $46 million
                                  compared to March 31, 2024, primarily due to insurance experience losses across all segments, partially offset by strong
                                  contributions of CSM from new business in the Europe segment.

                                  Segmented Operating Results

                                  The segmented operating results of Lifeco, including the comparative figures, are presented on an IFRS basis after capital
                                  allocation. Consolidated operating results for Lifeco comprise the net earnings of Canada Life (and its operating subsidiaries),
                                  Empower and Putnam (primarily reflected as discontinued operations), together with Lifeco's corporate results. The following
                                  sections analyze the performance of Lifeco's four major reportable segments: Canada, United States (U.S.), Europe and Capital
                                  and Risk Solutions.
                                  Translation of Foreign Currency
                                  For the United States, Europe and Capital and Risk Solutions segments, foreign currency assets and liabilities are translated
                                  into Canadian dollars at the market rate at the end of the financial period. All income and expense items are translated at an
                                  average rate for the period.

                                  Canada
                                  The Canada segment of Lifeco includes the operating results of the Canadian businesses operated by Canada Life, together
                                  with an allocation of a portion of Lifeco's corporate results.




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  2024 Developments
                                  •   On July 1, 2024, Canada Life successfully moved Investment Planning Counsel Inc. (IPC) to Canada Life's financial
                                      systems, programs and processes, technology and human resources. IPC continues to operate as a separate brand in the
                                      Canadian wealth marketplace.
                                  •   To help clients maximize their short-term savings potential, Canada Life expanded its segregated fund lineup to offer a
                                      new high interest savings fund. Canada Life is committed to offering a broad range of solutions to help advisors manage
                                      their clients' investment goals through changing market environments. This offering allows clients to earn an attractive
                                      return, while preserving capital and maintaining flexibility.
                                  •   Canada Life is piloting the Rx Food app with selected plan sponsors for use by their members at no charge. The number of
                                      people with chronic diseases continues to rise in Canada. To help sponsors and their members deal with the impact,
                                      Canada Life is increasing its focus on providing more holistic chronic disease solutions by providing a 12-week medical
                                      nutrition program using technology to make nutrition easier, more personal and accessible.
                                  •   Canada Life has administered dental benefits for employees of the federal public service since 1987. As previously
                                      announced, Canada Life was also selected to administer the dental plan for retired public servants. The Government of
                                      Canada agreed to harmonize the implementation dates of these two plans to November 1, 2024 to improve the experience
                                      for all plan members.




                                                                                                           Great-West Lifeco Inc. Second Quarter 2024 Management's Discussion and Analysis   13


                                       B  14                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
Management's Discussion and Analysis



Selected Financial Information - Canada
                                                                                             For the three months ended                                  For the six months ended
                                                                                    June 30                March 31                  June 30             June 30             June 30
                                                                                     2024                   2024                      2023                2024                2023
    Base earnings (loss)1
      Workplace Solutions                                                      $               190 $                  190 $                    164   $           380 $                 323
      Individual Wealth Management                                                              59                     52                       46               111                   107
      Insurance & Annuities                                                                     58                     58                       63               116                   106
      Corporate                                                                                 15                      2                       10                17                    25
    Base earnings (loss)1                                                      $               322 $                  302 $                 283 $                624 $                  561
      Items excluded from base earnings                                                         13                     51                  (135)                  64                   (180)
    Net earnings - common shareholders                                         $               335 $                  353 $                 148 $                688 $                  381
    Sales2
       Group Life & Health                                                     $              124 $                   159 $                 108      $           283 $                 288
       Group Retirement                                                                       787                     761                   633                1,548                 1,391
      Workplace Solutions                                                                     911                     920                   741                1,831                 1,679
      Individual Wealth Management                                                          4,577                   4,465                 2,174                9,042                 4,832
      Insurance & Annuities                                                                    161                    155                      154               316                   310
                      2
    Net cash flows
      Group Retirement                                                         $                64 $                  253 $                 157 $                317 $                  575
      Individual Wealth Management                                                            (402)                  (276)                 (524)                (678)                  (961)
    Net cash flows2                                                            $              (338) $                  (23) $              (367) $              (361) $                (386)
    Fee and other income




                                                                                                                                                                                                  PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
      Workplace Solutions                                                      $               264 $                  263 $                    240   $           527 $                 468
      Individual Wealth Management                                                             202                    190                       92               392                   182
      Individual Insurance                                                                       1                     —                        —                  1                    —
      Corporate                                                                                  7                      7                        9                14                    16
    Fee and other income                                                       $               474 $                  460 $                    341   $           934 $                 666
    Group life and health book premiums2                                       $           14,896 $               14,985 $               12,761

    Total assets                                                               $         212,101 $              210,404 $               196,673
      Other assets under management2,3                                                    13,293                 13,424                   3,971
    Total assets under management1                                                       225,394                223,828                 200,644
      Other assets under administration2                                                  60,100                 59,294                  27,362
    Total assets under administration1                                         $         285,494 $              283,122 $               228,006

    Contractual service margin
      Insurance & Annuities - Non-Participating                                $            1,124 $                 1,166 $               1,213
      Individual Wealth Management - Segregated Funds                                       1,895                   1,936                 1,912
      Insurance & Annuities - Participating                                                 3,232                   3,145                 3,241
    Contractual service margin                                                 $            6,251 $                 6,247 $               6,366
1
     This metric is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details.
2
     Refer to the "Glossary" section of this document for additional details on the composition of this measure.
3
     At June 30, 2024, Canada Life had $7.1 billion of proprietary mutual fund assets held by retail clients ($7.1 billion at December 31, 2023). $3.6 billion ($3.3 billion as at December 31,
     2023) of these assets are consolidated as investments on account of segregated fund policyholders on the Company's balance sheet.

Base and net earnings
In the second quarter of 2024, the Canada segment's base earnings of $322 million increased by $39 million or 14% compared
to the same quarter last year, reflecting strong long-term disability and health experience driven by management actions in
Workplace Solutions, organic growth in Workplace Solutions, higher net fee and spread income partially driven by the addition
of IPC and Value Partners and higher equity markets, improved mortality experience in Insurance and Annuities, and
favourable tax impacts. These items were partially offset by higher than normal commodity taxes in the second quarter of 2024.
In the second quarter of 2024, net earnings of $335 million increased by $187 million compared to the same quarter last year.
Items excluded from base earnings were positive $13 million compared to negative $135 million for the same quarter last year.
Market experience relative to expectations was positive $25 million in the second quarter of 2024 compared to negative $129
million in the same quarter last year, primarily due to favourable impacts of risk-free interest rate and credit spread movements
in the current quarter compared to unfavourable impacts in the prior year, and less unfavourable non-fixed income
experience.

                                                                                                 Great-West Lifeco Inc. Second Quarter 2024 Management's Discussion and Analysis            14


                                     P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                             B  15
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis


                                  For the six months ended June 30, 2024, base earnings of $624 million increased by $63 million or 11% compared to the same
                                  period last year, primarily due to favourable long-term disability and health experience driven by management action in
                                  Workplace Solutions, organic growth in Workplace Solutions, higher net fee and spread income partially driven by the addition
                                  of IPC and Value Partners and higher equity markets, and improved mortality experience in Insurance & Annuities. These
                                  items were partially offset by a favourable tax item from 2023 in Individual Wealth Management which did not repeat, and
                                  lower earnings on surplus.
                                  For the six months ended June 30, 2024, net earnings of $688 million increased by $307 million compared to the same period
                                  last year. Items excluded from base earnings were positive $64 million compared to negative $180 million for the same period
                                  last year, primarily due to the same reasons discussed for the in-quarter results.
                                  For the second quarter of 2024, net earnings attributable to the participating account was $51 million compared to net earnings
                                  of $23 million for the same quarter last year, primarily due to favourable tax impacts.
                                  For the six months ended June 30, 2024, the net earnings attributable to the participating account was $77 million compared to
                                  net earnings of $1 million for the same period last year, primarily due to the same reason discussed for the in-quarter result.
                                  Sales
                                  Group life and health sales for the second quarter of 2024 of $124 million increased by $16 million compared to the same
                                  quarter last year, primarily due to higher small and national sales. Group retirement sales for the second quarter of 2024 of
                                  $787 million increased by $154 million compared to the same quarter last year, primarily due to higher asset retention sales.
                                  Individual wealth management sales for the second quarter of 2024 of $4,577 million increased by $2,403 million compared to
                                  the same quarter last year, primarily due to strong segregated fund and mutual fund (both proprietary and third party) sales, as
                                  well as the addition of IPC and Value Partners. Insurance and annuities sales for the second quarter of 2024 of $161 million
                                  increased by $7 million compared to the same quarter last year, primarily due to strong participating life product sales.
                                  For the six months ended June 30, 2024, group life and health sales of $283 million were comparable to the same period last




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  year. Group retirement sales for the six months ended June 30, 2024 of $1,548 million increased by $157 million, primarily due
                                  to the same reason discussed for the in-quarter results. Individual wealth management sales for the six months ended June 30,
                                  2024 of $9,042 million increased by $4,210 million, due to the same reason discussed for the in-quarter results. Insurance and
                                  annuities sales for the six months ended June 30, 2024 of $316 million increased by $6 million, due to the same reasons
                                  discussed for the in-quarter results.
                                  Group life and health book premiums
                                  Group life and health book premiums at June 30, 2024 were $14,896 million, a decrease of $89 million compared to March 31,
                                  2024, primarily due to the termination of one sizable plan, partially offset by organic growth of in-force business.
                                  Net cash flows
                                  In the second quarter of 2024, net cash outflows were $338 million compared to net cash outflows of $367 million for the same
                                  quarter last year, primarily due to the additions of IPC and Value Partners and higher individual wealth sales.
                                  For the six months ended June 30, 2024, net cash outflows were $361 million compared to net cash outflows of $386 million for
                                  the same period last year, primarily due to the same reasons discussed for the in-quarter results.
                                  Fee and other income
                                  Fee and other income for the second quarter of 2024 of $474 million increased by $133 million compared to the same quarter
                                  last year, primarily due to growth in administrative services only (ASO) fees and the acquisitions of IPC and Value Partners.
                                  For the six months ended June 30, 2024, fee and other income of $934 million increased by $268 million compared to the same
                                  period last year, primarily due to the same reasons discussed for the in-quarter results.
                                  Contractual service margin
                                  CSM at June 30, 2024 of $6,251 million, was comparable to March 31, 2024. Favourable market movements on participating
                                  CSM were offset by unfavourable experience in the non-participating account and segregated funds.




                                                                                                           Great-West Lifeco Inc. Second Quarter 2024 Management's Discussion and Analysis   15


                                       B  16                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
Management's Discussion and Analysis



United States
The United States segment operating results for Lifeco include the results of Empower Annuity Insurance Company of America
(Empower), PanAgora Asset Management and the results of the legacy insurance businesses in the U.S. branch of Canada Life,
together with an allocation of a portion of Lifeco's corporate results. Items not associated directly with or allocated to Empower
and PanAgora Asset Management are included in the Corporate business unit. Those include a retained block of life insurance,
predominately participating policies, which are now administered by Protective Life, as well as a closed life retrocession block.
The U.S. segment also includes the results of Putnam Investments classified as discontinued operations.
2024 Developments
•   As of June 30, 2024, with the successful completion of system migrations of the full-service retirement services business of
    Prudential, Empower achieved US$180 million pre-tax run rate synergies following the acquisition on April 1, 2022,
    consistent with expectations. Revenue synergies of US$20 million are expected on a run-rate basis by the end of 2024 and
    are expected to grow to US$50 million by the end of 2026.
    Overall, acquired Prudential retention targets have been exceeded.
    Empower has incurred one-time integration and restructuring expenses materially in line with original expectations, with
    US$19 million pre-tax incurred in the second quarter of 2024.

                                                                                                                                     For the six          Total expensed
     (in US$ millions)                                                                  For the three months ended                  months ended              to date
                                                                                            June 30              March 31             June 30                  June 30
                                                                                             2024                 2024                 2024                     2024
     Restructuring and integration (pre-tax)                                           $     19              $      31          $        50               $   183
     Restructuring and integration (post-tax)                                                14                     23                   37                   136




                                                                                                                                                                              PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
•   In the United States, on January 1, 2024, Lifeco completed the previously announced sale of Putnam Investments to
    Franklin Resources, Inc., operating as "Franklin Templeton", in exchange for Franklin Templeton common shares, cash,
    and contingent consideration of up to US$375 million over a five to seven-year period. In the first quarter of 2024, the
    Company recorded a net loss of $115 million reflecting closing costs as well as a $44 million final gain on sale within
    discontinued operations. Lifeco retains its controlling interest in PanAgora Asset Management, a leading quantitative
    asset manager. The Company currently holds approximately 31,600,000 Franklin Templeton shares and will hold a
    majority of these shares for a minimum five-year period.
    In addition to the sale, Lifeco, along with Power Corporation of Canada and Franklin Templeton, has entered into a
    strategic partnership to distribute Franklin Templeton products. Lifeco will provide an initial long-term asset allocation of
    US$25 billion assets under management to Franklin Templeton within 12 months of closing with the potential for that
    amount to increase over the next several years.




                                                                                       Great-West Lifeco Inc. Second Quarter 2024 Management's Discussion and Analysis   16


                           P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                        B  17
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis



                                  Selected Financial Information - United States
                                                                                                                              For the three months ended                                    For the six months ended
                                                                                                                     June 30                March 31                 June 30                 June 30             June 30
                                                                                                                      2024                   2024                     2023                    2024                2023
                                      Base earnings (loss) (US$)1
                                        Empower Defined Contribution                                            $               185 $                   162 $                  175      $              347 $           341
                                        Empower Personal Wealth                                                                   39                     38                      37                     77                 57
                                        Asset Management                                                                            1                     (3)                     (1)                   (2)                 (5)
                                        Corporate                                                                                 11                     14                     (13)                    25                 (32)
                                      Base earnings (loss) (US$)                                                $               236 $                   211 $                  198 $                   447 $            361
                                        Items excluded from base earnings (US$)                                                  (36)                    (39)                   (78)                    (75)           (113)
                                      Net earnings from continuing operations (US$)2                            $               200 $                   172 $                  120      $              372 $               248

                                      Base earnings (loss) (C$)1                                                $               324 $                   286 $                  265      $              610 $               483
                                      Net earnings from continuing operations (C$)2                             $               274 $                   233 $                  161      $              507 $               331
                                                            2
                                      Net flows (US$)
                                        Empower Defined Contribution                                            $            (3,757) $               (7,019) $               2,762      $           (10,776) $        9,676
                                        Empower Personal Wealth                                                               1,614                   1,286                  1,842                    2,900           4,985
                                        Asset Management                                                                       (643)                 (1,800)                  (707)                  (2,443)         (1,296)
                                      Net flows (US$)2                                                          $            (2,786) $               (7,533) $               3,897      $           (10,319) $       13,365
                                                        2
                                      Net flows (C$)                                                            $            (3,817) $            (10,170) $                 5,222      $           (13,987) $       18,004

                                      Fee and other income (US$)




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                        Empower Defined Contribution                                            $               659 $                   600 $                  570      $            1,259 $          1,118
                                        Empower Personal Wealth                                                                 120                     118                      97                    238                 185
                                        Asset Management                                                                         23                      21                      21                     44                  42
                                        Corporate                                                                                 1                       2                     —                         3                 —
                                      Fee and other income (US$)                                                $               803 $                   741 $                  688      $            1,544 $          1,345
                                      Fee and other income (C$)                                                 $             1,099 $                 1,001 $                  921      $            2,100 $          1,808

                                      Total assets (US$)                                                        $         233,467 $               232,384 $              227,492
                                        Continuing operations - other assets under
                                        management2                                                                         94,081                   91,741              103,604
                                        Discontinued operations - other assets under
                                        management2                                                                               —                       —              116,223
                                      Total assets under management1                                                      327,548                 324,125                447,319
                                        Other assets under administration2                                              1,382,648              1,364,241               1,183,399
                                      Total assets under administration (US$)1                                  $       1,710,196 $            1,688,366 $             1,630,718
                                      Total assets under administration (C$)1                                   $       2,342,969 $            2,279,294 $             2,152,548
                                  1
                                       This metric is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details.
                                  2
                                       Refer to the "Glossary" section of this document for additional details on the composition of this measure.
                                       Note: The United States segment does not have a material CSM balance.

                                  Base earnings and net earnings from continuing operations
                                  In the second quarter of 2024, net earnings from continuing operations increased by US$80 million to US$200 million
                                  compared to the same quarter last year. Base earnings of US$236 million increased by US$38 million compared to the same
                                  quarter last year, primarily due to increased fee income driven by higher equity markets, a US$22 million ($30 million) fee
                                  income adjustment related to the acquired Prudential business, US$9 million ($12 million) of dividends on Franklin Templeton
                                  shares and growth in the business. These items were partially offset by US$29 million ($40 million) of credit related impacts on
                                  commercial mortgage loans in the current year and higher paid crediting rates resulting in lower spread income.
                                  Items excluded from base earnings were negative US$36 million compared to negative US$78 million for the same quarter last
                                  year, primarily due to the non-recurrence of a 2023 provision related to Empower's sale of substantially all of its individual life
                                  and annuity business in 2019.
                                  For the six months ended June 30, 2024, net earnings from continuing operations increased by US$124 million to US$372
                                  million compared to the same period last year. Base earnings of US$447 million increased by US$86 million compared to the
                                  same period last year, primarily due to the same reasons discussed for the in-quarter results as well as higher earnings on
                                  surplus assets.

                                                                                                                                  Great-West Lifeco Inc. Second Quarter 2024 Management's Discussion and Analysis             17


                                           B  18                                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
Management's Discussion and Analysis


For the six months ended June 30, 2024, items excluded from base earnings were negative US$75 million compared to negative
US$113 million for the same period last year. The decrease in expense was primarily due to the same reasons discussed for the
in-quarter results.
Net flows
In the second quarter of 2024, net outflows were US$2.8 billion compared to net inflows of US$3.9 billion for the same quarter
last year, primarily due to participant net redemptions in the current year as well as one acquired Prudential large client loss
which was in line with expectations. Average account balances of participants have increased due to market growth over the
past year, resulting in increased distributions, which have outpaced contributions. The number of participants at the end of the
second quarter of 2024 has increased from the end of the second quarter of 2023.
For the six months ended June 30, 2024, net outflows were US$10.3 billion compared to net inflows of US$13.4 billion for the
same period last year, primarily due to a large plan termination in the first quarter of 2024 as well as the same reasons discussed
for the in-quarter results. This was partially offset by large plan sales in 2024. Large plan sales and terminations can be highly
variable from period to period and tend to result in lower margins but nonetheless contribute to covering fixed overhead costs.
Overall, acquired Prudential retention targets have been exceeded.
Fee and other income
Fee income is derived primarily from assets under management, assets under administration, shareholder servicing fees,
administration and recordkeeping services, investment advisory services, investment management fees, performance fees,
transfer agency and other service fees, as well as underwriting and distribution fees.
Fee and other income for the second quarter of 2024 of US$803 million increased by US$115 million compared to the same
quarter last year. The increase was primarily driven by higher equity market levels and adjustments related to Prudential fee
income, as well as overall growth in the business.




                                                                                                                                                                           PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
For the six months ended June 30, 2024, fee and other income of US$1,544 million increased by US$199 million compared to
the same period last year. The increase was primarily due to the same reasons discussed for the in-quarter results.

Europe
The Europe segment is comprised of three distinct business units: Workplace Solutions, Individual Wealth & Asset
Management and Insurance & Annuities. The segment serves customers in the United Kingdom (U.K.), Ireland and Germany.
The Company operates under the Canada Life brand in the U.K. and Germany and under the Irish Life brand in Ireland along
with other acquired brands within the broker market in Ireland.
2024 Developments
•   In the second quarter of 2024, Canada Life Home Finance was awarded the prestigious Scottish Mortgage Award for Later
    Life Lender of the Year. This award demonstrates the Company's position as a key player in the U.K. later life lending
    market.
•   Canada Life Home Finance launched six new Capital Select products at the start of the second quarter of 2024. This
    strategic initiative underscores Canada Life U.K.'s dedication to continuous product development and market
    responsiveness. By introducing lower loan-to-value (LTV) tiers, Canada Life U.K. has successfully unlocked access to new
    customer segments, supporting clients in achieving their financial goals and further positioning Canada Life at the
    forefront of the equity release market.
•   During the second quarter of 2024, Irish Life won the 2024 Gold Award in the ‘Product and Service Innovation’ category at
    the Global Qorus Innovation in Insurance awards. The CARA (Claims AI Reasoning Assistant) initiative has developed an
    advanced AI system designed to assist Irish Life's claims assessors in efficiently evaluating claims and has reduced
    assessment time by 70% for targeted claim types with additional benefits from other claim types being explored. This
    initiative will allow Irish Life to provide greater benefits to its diverse customer base.
•   Irish Life’s EMPOWER MasterTrust won the Pension Innovation Award at the European Pension Awards 2024 in London.
    With over $10.3 billion (€7 billion) in the fund, EMPOWER is Ireland’s largest master trust enabling innovation and
    investment.
•   During the second quarter of 2024, Canada Life's German business received the strongest credit rating of "AA" from the
    German insurance rating agency Assekurata for the third year in a row with a stable outlook. This is the highest credit
    rating awarded by the rating agency.




                                                                                    Great-West Lifeco Inc. Second Quarter 2024 Management's Discussion and Analysis   18


                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                        B  19
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis



                                  Selected Financial Information - Europe
                                                                                                                             For the three months ended                                    For the six months ended
                                                                                                                     June 30               March 31                 June 30                 June 30            June 30
                                                                                                                      2024                  2024                     2023                    2024               2023
                                      Base earnings (loss)1,2
                                        Workplace Solutions                                                    $                 68 $                    43 $                    56 $                 111 $              118
                                        Individual Wealth & Asset Management                                                     44                      43                      23                    87                  59
                                        Insurance & Annuities                                                                    93                      99                    116                    192                212
                                        Corporate                                                                                 1                      12                     (15)                   13                 (31)
                                      Base earnings (loss)1,2                                                  $                206 $                  197 $                   180     $              403 $              358
                                        Items excluded from base earnings2                                                        (5)                   (10)                   (78)                    (15)            (216)
                                      Net earnings (loss) - common shareholders                                $                201 $                  187 $                   102     $              388 $              142
                                           3
                                      Sales
                                        Workplace Solutions                                                    $               389 $                   411 $                  740      $               800 $          1,179
                                        Individual Wealth & Asset Management                                                 8,401                   5,304                  6,473                   13,705           13,417
                                        Insurance & Annuities                                                                  716                   1,560                    791                    2,276            1,214
                                      Net cash flows3,4
                                        Workplace Solutions                                                    $               147 $                   409 $                   530     $               556 $             687
                                        Individual Wealth & Asset Management                                                 2,856                   1,189                     885                   4,045             4,131
                                        Insurance & Annuities                                                                    1                      20                      20                      21                42
                                      Net cash flows3,4                                                        $             3,004 $                 1,618 $                1,435      $             4,622 $           4,860
                                      Fee and other income




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                         Workplace Solutions                                                   $                 59 $                   51 $                    64     $              110 $              115
                                         Individual Wealth & Asset Management                                                   153                    151                     134                    304                269
                                         Insurance & Annuities and Corporate                                                      5                      6                       2                     11                  2
                                      Fee and other income                                                     $                217 $                  208 $                   200     $              425 $              386
                                                                                        3
                                      Group life and health book premiums                                      $             2,499 $                 2,459 $                2,306

                                      Total assets                                                             $          208,588 $              203,583 $               184,354
                                        Other assets under management3                                                     69,755                 67,376                  58,228
                                      Total assets under management1                                                      278,343                270,959                 242,582
                                        Other assets under administration3,5                                               13,213                  12,772                 11,555
                                      Total assets under administration1                                       $          291,556 $              283,731 $               254,137

                                      Contractual service margin
                                        Insurance & Annuities - Non-Participating                              $             3,337 $                 3,307 $                2,943
                                        Individual Wealth & Asset Management - Segregated
                                           Funds                                                                             1,453                   1,488                  1,390
                                      Contractual service margin                                               $             4,790 $                 4,795 $                4,333
                                  1
                                       This metric is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details.
                                  2
                                       Global Minimum Tax legislation was enacted in Canada on June 20, 2024 and applies retroactively to January 1, 2024. As a result, comparative results for base earnings and items
                                       excluded from base earnings for the first quarter of 2024 are presented on a "pro forma" basis as if the legislation was enacted in the first quarter of 2024. See "Taxes" section of this
                                       document for further details.
                                  3
                                       Refer to the "Glossary" section of this document for additional details on the composition of this measure.
                                  4
                                       Following internal reviews, the mapping of certain business units to value drivers has been modified and comparative results for the periods ended June 30, 2023 have been restated,
                                       as applicable.
                                  5
                                       At June 30, 2024, other assets under administration excludes $16.1 billion of assets managed for other business units within the Lifeco group of companies ($14.3 billion at March 31,
                                       2024 and $11.3 billion at June 30, 2023).

                                  Base and net earnings
                                  In the second quarter of 2024, the Europe segment's net earnings of $201 million increased by $99 million compared to the
                                  same quarter last year. Base earnings of $206 million increased by $26 million compared to the same quarter last year,
                                  primarily due to favourable group experience in the U.K., higher fee income, lower operating expenses, higher CSM recognized
                                  and higher surplus income. These items were partially offset by unfavourable health claims experience in Ireland and a higher
                                  effective tax rate due to the implementation of GMT. Refer to the "Taxes" section of this document for further details.
                                  Items excluded from base earnings for the second quarter of 2024 were negative $5 million compared to negative $78 million
                                  for the same quarter last year. The increase was primarily due to realized OCI losses in the prior year that did not repeat related
                                  to asset rebalancing in the surplus account and a loss from the sale of Canada Life U.K.'s onshore individual protection

                                                                                                                                  Great-West Lifeco Inc. Second Quarter 2024 Management's Discussion and Analysis             19


                                              B  20                                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
Management's Discussion and Analysis


business in the prior year. These items were partially offset by less favourable market experience relative to expectations in the
current year compared to the prior year due to increases in risk-free interest rates. Second quarter of 2024 excluded from base
items include the true-up for GMT impact for the first quarter of 2024.
For the six months ended June 30, 2024, net earnings of $388 million increased by $246 million compared to the same period
last year. Base earnings of $403 million increased by $45 million compared to the same period last year, primarily due to growth
in the group and annuity protection business in the U.K., lower operating expenses and higher surplus income growth. These
items were partially offset by unfavourable health claims experience in Ireland and the impact of GMT.
For the six months ended June 30, 2024, items excluded from base earnings were negative $15 million compared to negative
$216 million for the same period last year. The increase was primarily due to the same reasons discussed for the in-quarter
results and positive market experience relative to expectations from smaller decreases in commercial property compared to the
prior period.
For the six months ended June 30, 2024, the impact of GMT was negative $15 million.
Sales
Individual wealth and asset management sales for the second quarter of 2024 of $8,401 million increased by $1,928 million
compared to the same quarter last year, primarily due to higher wealth fund management sales in Ireland driven by a large
client sale. Insurance and annuities sales for the second quarter of 2024 of $716 million decreased by $75 million compared to
the same quarter last year, primarily due to a bulk annuity sale in Ireland in the prior year that did not repeat. Workplace
Solutions sales for the second quarter of 2024 of $389 million decreased by $351 million compared to the same quarter last year,
primarily due to lower pension sales in Ireland.
For the six months ended June 30, 2024, individual wealth and asset management sales of $13,705 million increased by $288
million compared to the same period last year, primarily due to the same reason discussed for the in-quarter results. Insurance
and annuities sales for the six months ended June 30, 2024 of $2,276 million increased by $1,062 million compared to the same




                                                                                                                                                                           PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
period last year, primarily due to strong bulk annuity sales and higher individual annuity sales in the U.K. driven by market
demand. Workplace Solutions sales for the six months ended June 30, 2024 of $800 million decreased by $379 million
compared to the same period last year, primarily due to the same reason discussed for the in-quarter results.
Group life and health book premiums
Group life and health book premiums at June 30, 2024 were $2.5 billion, an increase of $40 million compared to March 31, 2024,
primarily due to organic growth of in-force business and the impact of currency movement.
Net cash flows
In the second quarter of 2024, net cash inflows were $3.0 billion compared to net cash inflows of $1.4 billion for the same
quarter last year. The increase was primarily due to higher wealth fund management sales in Ireland mainly driven by a large
client sale, partially offset by lower net inflows in Workplace Solutions driven by reduced pension sales in Ireland.
For the six months ended June 30, 2024, net cash inflows were $4.6 billion compared to net cash inflows of $4.9 billion for the
same period last year. The decrease was primarily due to lower individual and wealth management net cash flows from higher
surrenders and maturities in the U.K. and Germany as well as lower net cash flows in Workplace Solutions driven by lower
pension sales in Ireland.
Fee and other income
Fee and other income for the second quarter of 2024 of $217 million increased by $17 million compared to the same quarter
last year, primarily due to higher management fees from higher average assets under administration.
For the six months ended June 30, 2024, fee and other income of $425 million increased by $39 million compared to the same
period last year, primarily due to the same reasons discussed for in-quarter results.
Contractual service margin
Contractual service margin at June 30, 2024 of $4,790 million was comparable to March 31, 2024.

Capital and Risk Solutions
The Capital and Risk Solutions segment includes Lifeco's reinsurance business and an allocation of a portion of Lifeco's
corporate results. Capital and Risk Solutions also includes the results for the Company's legacy international businesses.
At Lifeco, the Capital and Risk Solutions offerings are generally included in the Insurance & Risk Solutions value driver. The
segment's surplus earnings and an allocation of corporate capital are included in Corporate.




                                                                                    Great-West Lifeco Inc. Second Quarter 2024 Management's Discussion and Analysis   20


                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                        B  21
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis



                                  2024 Developments
                                  •       The Capital and Risk Solutions segment continued to grow by providing tailored solutions to customers while increasing
                                          diversification within the portfolio. In 2024, the Capital and Risk Solutions segment continues to expand its international
                                          presence in targeted new markets, while continuing to focus on core markets and product expansion in Europe and the
                                          U.S. In the first half of 2024, the Company entered into numerous transactions, primarily in the structured products
                                          segment.
                                  •       The Company offers property catastrophe coverage to reinsurance companies and as a result, the Company is exposed to
                                          potential claims arising from major weather events and other catastrophic events, primarily hurricanes, windstorms and
                                          earthquakes. Current preliminary estimates of industry losses arising from catastrophe events in the first half of 2024 do
                                          not reach the level where any significant claims would be anticipated. In addition, the Company continues to monitor
                                          potential impacts of recent geopolitical conflicts, which are not expected to have a material effect on results.
                                  Selected Financial Information - Capital and Risk Solutions
                                                                                                                             For the three months ended                                    For the six months ended
                                                                                                                     June 30               March 31                 June 30                 June 30            June 30
                                                                                                                      2024                  2024                     2023                    2024               2023
                                      Base earnings (loss)1,2
                                        Reinsurance                                                            $                184 $                  195 $                   198     $            379 $                351
                                        Corporate                                                                                 6                     —                        5                    6                    9
                                      Base earnings (loss)1,2                                                  $                190 $                  195 $                   203 $                385 $                360
                                        Items excluded from base earnings2                                                       (35)                   65                      (34)                 30                    (7)
                                      Net earnings - common shareholders                                       $                155 $                  260 $                   169     $            415 $                353

                                      Total assets3                                                            $             9,023 $                9,017 $                 8,687




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                      Contractual service margin
                                        Reinsurance - Non-Participating                                        $             1,702 $                1,736 $                 1,740
                                        Reinsurance - Participating                                                             23                     23                      24
                                      Contractual service margin                                               $             1,725 $                1,759 $                 1,764

                                  1
                                       This metric is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details.
                                  2
                                       Global Minimum Tax legislation was enacted in Canada on June 20, 2024 and applies retroactively to January 1, 2024. As a result, comparative results for base earnings and items
                                       excluded from base earnings for the first quarter of 2024 are presented on a "pro forma" basis as if the legislation was enacted in the first quarter of 2024. See "Taxes" section of this
                                       document for further details.
                                  3
                                       The Capital and Risk Solutions segment does not have assets under management or other assets under administration.

                                  Base and net earnings
                                  In the second quarter of 2024, the Capital and Risk Solutions segment's net earnings of $155 million decreased by $14 million
                                  compared to the same quarter last year. Base earnings of $190 million decreased by $13 million compared to the same quarter
                                  last year, as growth in the structured reinsurance business and higher net investment revenue were offset by unfavourable
                                  experience primarily driven by the U.S. life reinsurance business and a $24 million impact of GMT. Refer to the "Taxes" section
                                  of this document for further details.
                                  Items excluded from base earnings for the second quarter of 2024 were negative $35 million compared to negative $34 million
                                  for the same quarter last year, primarily due to market experience relative to expectations from interest rate movements and
                                  the implementation of GMT. Second quarter of 2024 excluded from base items include the true-up for GMT impact for the first
                                  quarter of 2024.
                                  For the six months ended June 30, 2024, net earnings of $415 million increased by $62 million compared to the same period last
                                  year. Base earnings of $385 million increased by $25 million compared to the same period last year, primarily due to growth in
                                  the structured business, higher net investment revenue and improved experience primarily driven by the U.S. life business,
                                  partially offset by the impact of GMT.
                                  For the six months ended June 30, 2024, items excluded from base earnings were positive $30 million compared to negative $7
                                  million for the same period last year, primarily due to the same reasons discussed for the in-quarter results.
                                  For the six months ended June 30, 2024, the impact of GMT on net earnings was negative $51 million, primarily related to
                                  operations in Barbados.
                                  Contractual service margin
                                  Contractual service margin at June 30, 2024 was $1,725 million, a decrease of $34 million compared to March 31, 2024,
                                  primarily due to business run-off and experience, partially offset by new business and currency impacts.


                                                                                                                                  Great-West Lifeco Inc. Second Quarter 2024 Management's Discussion and Analysis             21


                                           B  22                                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
Management's Discussion and Analysis



Lifeco Corporate
The Lifeco Corporate segment includes operating results for activities of Lifeco that are not associated with the major business
units of the Company.
Selected Financial Information - Lifeco Corporate
                                                                                           For the three months ended                                    For the six months ended
                                                                                   June 30               March 31                   June 30              June 30           June 30
                                                                                    2024                  2024                       2023                 2024              2023
    Base earnings (loss)1                                                     $                (4) $                   (2) $                  (11)   $             (6) $             (16)
      Items excluded from base earnings                                                        44                      —                        —                  44                 (8)
    Net earnings (loss) - common shareholders                                 $                40 $                    (2) $                  (11)   $             38 $              (24)

1
     This metric is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details.
In the second quarter of 2024, Lifeco Corporate had net earnings of $40 million compared to a net loss of $11 million for the
same period last year. Base loss of $4 million decreased by $7 million compared to the same quarter last year, primarily due to
higher net investment income and lower operating expenses.
Items excluded from base earnings for the second quarter of 2024 were positive $44 million compared to nil for the same
quarter last year, primarily due to the finalization of a prior year reinsurance recapture transaction and market experience
relative to expectations.
For the six months ended June 30, 2024, Lifeco Corporate had net earnings of $38 million compared to a net loss of $24 million
for the same period last year. Base loss of $6 million decreased by $10 million compared to the same period last year, primarily
due to the same reasons discussed for the in-quarter results.




                                                                                                                                                                                             PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
For the six months ended June 30, 2024, items excluded from base earnings were positive $44 million compared to negative $8
million for the same period last year, primarily due to the same reasons discussed for the in-quarter results.




                                                                                                Great-West Lifeco Inc. Second Quarter 2024 Management's Discussion and Analysis         22


                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                           B  23
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis



                                  Consolidated Financial Position

                                  Assets
                                      Assets under administration1
                                                                                                                                            United                                      Capital and
                                                                                                                    Canada                  States                 Europe              Risk Solutions           Total
                                      As at June 30, 2024
                                      Assets
                                         Invested assets                                                      $           91,309       $         86,053       $          42,588       $             8,666   $     228,616
                                         Insurance contract assets                                                           452                    321                     352                       190           1,315
                                         Reinsurance contract held assets                                                  1,131                 12,318                   3,602                       129          17,180
                                         Goodwill and intangible assets                                                    6,565                  6,292                   3,052                        —           15,909
                                         Other assets                                                                      5,577                 16,991                   3,705                        38          26,311
                                         Investments on account of segregated fund
                                            policyholders                                                               107,067                197,875                  155,289                       —           460,231
                                      Total assets                                                                      212,101                319,850                  208,588                     9,023         749,562
                                        Other assets under management2                                                   13,293                128,891                   69,755                        —          211,939
                                      Total assets under management1                                                    225,394               448,741                   278,343                     9,023         961,501
                                        Other assets under administration2                                               60,100             1,894,228                    13,213                        —        1,967,541
                                      Total assets under administration1                                      $         285,494        $    2,342,969         $         291,556       $             9,023   $   2,929,042

                                      As at December 31, 2023
                                      Assets
                                         Invested assets                                                      $           89,382       $         86,715       $          41,981       $             8,732   $     226,810




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                         Insurance contract assets                                                           400                    291                     331                       171           1,193
                                         Reinsurance contract held assets                                                  1,243                 12,243                   3,713                       133          17,332
                                         Goodwill and intangible assets                                                    6,545                  6,151                   3,037                        —           15,733
                                         Other assets                                                                      4,964                 16,192                   3,531                        52          24,739
                                         Assets held for sale3                                                                  —                 4,467                         —                     —             4,467
                                         Investments on account of segregated fund
                                            policyholders                                                               101,250                179,770                  141,936                       —           422,956
                                      Total assets                                                                      203,784                305,829                  194,529                     9,088         713,230
                                        Continuing operations - other assets under
                                          management2                                                                     13,056               143,997                   63,525                       —           220,578
                                        Discontinued operations - other assets under
                                           management2,4                                                                        —              161,566                          —                     —           161,566
                                      Total assets under management1                                                    216,840                611,392                  258,054                     9,088       1,095,374
                                        Other assets under administration2                                                55,635            1,689,455                    12,076                       —         1,757,166
                                      Total assets under administration1                                      $         272,475        $    2,300,847         $         270,130       $             9,088   $   2,852,540

                                  1
                                       This metric is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details.
                                  2
                                       Refer to the "Glossary" section of this document for additional details on the composition of this measure.
                                  3
                                       On May 31, 2023, Lifeco announced an agreement to sell Putnam Investments to Franklin Templeton. Beginning Q2 2023, the related assets were classified as assets held for sale. The
                                       transaction closed on January 1, 2024.
                                  4
                                       At Q4 2023, other assets under management related to Putnam Investments were classified as discontinued operations - other assets under management.
                                  Total assets under administration at June 30, 2024 increased by $76.5 billion to $2.9 trillion compared to December 31, 2023,
                                  primarily due to the impact of equity market movement as well as currency movement in the U.S. segment, partially offset by
                                  the divestiture of Putnam Investments.
                                  Invested Assets
                                  The Company manages its general fund assets to support the cash flow, liquidity and profitability requirements of the
                                  Company's insurance and investment products. The Company's investment policies are designed to be prudent and
                                  conservative, so that assets are not unduly exposed to concentration, credit or market risks. Within the framework of the
                                  Company’s policies, the Company implements strategies and reviews and adjusts them on an ongoing basis considering
                                  liability cash flows and capital market conditions. The majority of investments of the general fund are in medium-term and
                                  long-term fixed-income investments, primarily bonds and mortgages, reflecting the characteristics of the Company’s liabilities.




                                                                                                                                  Great-West Lifeco Inc. Second Quarter 2024 Management's Discussion and Analysis       23


                                           B  24                                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
Management's Discussion and Analysis



Bond portfolio
It is the Company's policy to acquire primarily investment grade bonds subject to prudent and well-defined investment
policies. Modest investments in below investment grade rated securities may occur while not changing the overall discipline
and conservative approach to the investment strategy. The total bond portfolio, including short-term investments, was $156.3
billion or 68% of invested assets at June 30, 2024 compared to $157.1 billion or 69% at December 31, 2023. The decrease in the
bond portfolio was primarily due to disposals as well as a decline in fair values resulting from an increase in bond yields across
all geographies. The overall quality of the bond portfolio remained high, with 99% of the portfolio rated investment grade and
70% rated A or higher.
Bond credit ratings reflect bond rating agency activity up to June 30, 2024. Management continues to closely monitor bond
rating agency activity and general market conditions.
    Bond portfolio quality
                                                                                                             As at June 30, 2024                   As at December 31, 2023
       AAA                                                                                           $          22,588               15 % $            24,298            15 %
       AA                                                                                                       29,928               19                31,435            20
       A                                                                                                        56,368               36                54,807            35
       BBB                                                                                                      45,467               29                44,811            29
       BB or lower                                                                                                1,998                1                 1,700                   1
    Total                                                                                            $        156,349               100 % $           157,051                   100 %

Mortgage portfolio
It is the Company’s practice to acquire high quality commercial mortgages meeting strict underwriting standards and
diversification criteria. The Company has a well-defined risk-rating system, which it uses in its underwriting and credit
monitoring processes for commercial loans. The majority of the commercial mortgages held in the Europe segment are




                                                                                                                                                                                          PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
classified as amortized cost and therefore there are no fair value movements recorded on these holdings. Equity release
mortgages are originated in the Europe segment following well-defined lending criteria and held in the Canada, Europe and
Capital and Risk Solutions segments. Equity release mortgages are loans provided to people who want to continue living in
their homes while accessing some of the underlying equity value in their homes. Loans are typically repaid when the borrower
dies or moves into long-term care.

                                                                                     As at June 30, 2024                                     As at December 31, 2023
    Mortgage loans by type                               Insured1                 Non-insured          Total                                  Total
      Single family residential                     $                303      $              1,103       $            1,406             4% $       1,511           4%
      Multi-family residential                                     2,484                     6,789                    9,273            24          9,372          24
      Equity release                                                  —                      4,430                    4,430            11          4,203          11
       Commercial                                                      —                   23,246                    23,246            61               23,328                  61
    Total                                           $              2,787      $            35,568        $           38,355           100 % $           38,414                  100 %

1
     Insured mortgages include mortgages where insurance is provided by a third party and protects the Company in the event that the borrower is unable to fulfill their mortgage
     obligations.
The total mortgage portfolio was $38.4 billion or 17% of invested assets at June 30, 2024, compared to $38.4 billion or 17% of
invested assets at December 31, 2023. At June 30, 2024, total insured loans were $2.8 billion or 7% of the mortgage portfolio,
compared to $2.9 billion or 8% at December 31, 2023.




                                                                                              Great-West Lifeco Inc. Second Quarter 2024 Management's Discussion and Analysis        24


                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                        B  25
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis



                                  Derivative Financial Instruments
                                  During the second quarter of 2024, there were no major changes to the Company's policies and procedures with respect to the
                                  use of derivative financial instruments. The Company’s derivative transactions are generally governed by the International
                                  Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (ISDA) Master Agreement, which provide for legally enforceable set-off and close-out
                                  netting of exposure to specific counterparties in the event of an early termination of a transaction, which includes, but is not
                                  limited to, events of default and bankruptcy. In the event of an early termination, the Company is permitted to set off
                                  receivables from a counterparty against payables to the same counterparty, in the same legal entity, arising out of all included
                                  transactions. The Company’s ISDA Master Agreement may include Credit Support Annex provisions, which require both the
                                  pledging and accepting of collateral in connection with its derivative transactions.
                                  At June 30, 2024, total financial collateral, including initial margin and overcollateralization, received on derivative assets was
                                  $1.5 billion ($1.7 billion at December 31, 2023) and pledged on derivative liabilities was $1.7 billion ($0.8 billion at
                                  December 31, 2023). Collateral received on derivatives assets decreased and collateral pledged on derivatives liabilities
                                  increased in 2024, primarily driven by the impact of the U.S. dollar strengthening against the Canadian dollar on cross-
                                  currency swaps that pay U.S. and receive Canadian dollars.
                                  During the six-month period ended June 30, 2024, the outstanding notional amount of derivative contracts increased by $4.6
                                  billion to $56.5 billion, primarily due to increases in volume of regular hedging activities.
                                  The Company’s exposure to derivative counterparty credit risk, which reflects the current fair value of those instruments in a
                                  gain position, decreased to $1.9 billion at June 30, 2024 from $2.2 billion at December 31, 2023. The decrease was primarily
                                  driven by the impact of the U.S. dollar strengthening against the Canadian dollar on cross-currency swaps that pay U.S. and
                                  receive Canadian dollars. There were no changes to derivative counterparty ratings during the second quarter of 2024 and all
                                  had investment grade ratings as of June 30, 2024.

                                  Liabilities




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                      Total Liabilities
                                                                                                                                                                 As at June 30, 2024               As at December 31, 2023
                                      Insurance contract liabilities                                                                                         $                     145,282         $              144,388
                                      Investment contract liabilities                                                                                                               87,070                         88,919
                                      Reinsurance contract held liabilities                                                                                                             731                            648
                                      Other general fund liabilities                                                                                                                 25,378                         24,061
                                      Liabilities held for sale1                                                                                                                         —                           2,407
                                      Insurance contracts on account of segregated fund policyholders                                                                                62,473                         60,302
                                      Investment contracts on account of segregated fund policyholders                                                                             397,758                         362,654
                                      Total                                                                                                                  $                     718,692         $               683,379
                                  1
                                       On May 31, 2023, Lifeco announced an agreement to sell Putnam Investments to Franklin Templeton. Beginning Q2 2023, the related liabilities were classified as liabilities held for
                                       sale. The transaction closed on January 1, 2024.
                                  Total liabilities increased by $35.3 billion to $718.7 billion at June 30, 2024 from December 31, 2023.
                                  Insurance contract liabilities increased by $0.9 billion. The increase was primarily due to the impact of currency movements.
                                  Investment contract liabilities decreased by $1.8 billion. The decrease was primarily due to normal business movements.
                                  Other general fund liabilities increased by $1.3 billion. The increase was primarily due to increases in other liabilities and
                                  derivative financial instruments, partially offset by a reduction in accounts payable.
                                  Investment and insurance contracts on account of segregated fund policyholders increased by $37.3 billion, primarily due to
                                  the combined impact of market value gains and investment income of $28.7 billion and the positive impact of currency
                                  movement of $7.3 billion, partially offset by net withdrawals of $1.5 billion.
                                  Insurance and investment contract liabilities represent the amounts that, together with estimated future premiums and
                                  investment income, will be sufficient to pay estimated future benefits, dividends and expenses on policies in-force. Insurance
                                  and investment contract liabilities are determined using generally accepted actuarial practices, according to standards
                                  established by the Canadian Institute of Actuaries. Also, refer to the "Summary of Critical Accounting Estimates" section of the
                                  Company's Annual MD&A for the period ended December 31, 2023 for additional information.




                                                                                                                                 Great-West Lifeco Inc. Second Quarter 2024 Management's Discussion and Analysis             25


                                              B  26                                                P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
Management's Discussion and Analysis



Insurance Contract Liabilities and Assets
    Insurance contract liabilities and assets1
                                                                         Insurance contracts not under PAA method
                                                         Estimates of                Risk                                                                                     Total net
                                                        present value           adjustment for                                                      Contracts                insurance
                                                        of future cash           non-financial  Contractual                                         under PAA                  contract
                                                             flows                   risk      service margin                        Total           method                   liabilities
    As at June 30, 2024
    Canada                                             $             97,358 $                 1,857 $                6,251 $            105,466 $              9,057 $            114,523
    United States                                                    18,787                     135                    242               19,164                    1               19,165
    Europe                                                           42,158                   1,016                  4,790               47,964                3,636               51,600
    Capital and Risk Solutions                                          689                   2,040                  1,725                4,454                  249                4,703
    Total                                              $            158,992 $                 5,048 $               13,008 $            177,048 $           12,943 $              189,991

    As at December 31, 2023
    Canada                                             $             95,943 $                 1,935 $                5,872 $            103,750 $              9,267 $            113,017
    United States                                                    18,187                     136                    276               18,599                    1               18,600
    Europe                                                           40,615                   1,064                  4,718               46,397                3,614               50,011
    Capital and Risk Solutions                                        1,029                   2,162                  1,769                4,960                  225                5,185
    Total                                              $            155,774 $                 5,297 $               12,635 $            173,706 $           13,107 $              186,813

1
     Insurance contract liabilities and assets presented in the above tables also include insurance contracts on account of segregated fund policyholders and reinsurance contract held
     assets and liabilities.
At June 30, 2024, total net insurance contract liabilities were $190.0 billion, an increase of $3.2 billion from December 31, 2023.
The increase in net insurance contract liabilities was primarily due to market movements and the impact of currency




                                                                                                                                                                                                  PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
movements, partially offset by normal business movements.
Contractual Service Margin
The CSM of a group of insurance contracts represents the unearned profit that the Company expects to recognize in the future
as it provides services under those contracts. On initial recognition of a group of insurance contracts, if the total of the
fulfilment cash flows, any derecognized assets for insurance acquisition cash flows and any cash flows arising at that date is a
net inflow, then the group is classified as non-onerous. For non-onerous contracts, the CSM is measured as the equal and
opposite amount of the net inflow, which results in no income or expenses arising on initial recognition.
If the total is a net outflow, then the group of insurance contracts is onerous. In this case, the net outflow is recognized as a loss
in the current period. A loss component is created to depict any losses recognized in the current period, which determines the
amounts that are subsequently recognized in future periods as reversals on onerous groups.

    Contractual service margin continuity1
                                                            Non-Participating (excluding Segregated Funds)
                                                                                                           Capital
                                                                         United                           and Risk
                                                      Canada             States             Europe        Solutions             Total        Seg Funds          Par               Total
    CSM beginning of period,                      $        1,159     $          24      $     3,255      $       1,745      $       6,183    $   3,298     $      3,154       $     12,635
    December 31, 2023
      Impact of new insurance business                        20                —                171                 18              209            87                56               352
      Expected movements from asset                           17                —                  37                20                 74          120               96               290
        returns & locked-in rates
      CSM recognized for services                            (67)                 (2)           (135)               (76)             (280)        (202)               (77)            (559)
         provided
      Insurance experience gains/losses                      (15)               —                 (29)              (18)              (62)          (94)               —              (156)
    Organic CSM movement                          $          (45) $               (2) $            44    $          (56) $            (59) $        (89) $            75      $         (73)
      Impact of markets                                       —                 —                  —                 —                  —           108               258              366
      Impact of changes in assumptions                        10                —                 (20)                (9)             (19)            1                —                (18)
      and management actions
      Currency impact                                         —                   1                58                22                 81            9                8                    98
    Total CSM movement                            $          (35) $               (1) $            82    $          (43) $              3    $      29     $          341     $        373
    CSM end of period, June 30, 2024 $                     1,124     $          23      $     3,337      $       1,702      $       6,186    $   3,327     $      3,495       $     13,008

1
     The CSM shown in the above table is presented net of reinsurance contracts held and includes CSM attributed to insurance contract assets and insurance contract liabilities.




                                                                                                Great-West Lifeco Inc. Second Quarter 2024 Management's Discussion and Analysis              26


                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                             B  27
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis


                                  At June 30, 2024, total contractual service margin on non-participating business excluding segregated funds was $6.2 billion, an
                                  increase of $3 million from December 31, 2023. The increase was mainly driven by currency impacts of $81 million, offset by
                                  insurance experience losses of $62 million and minor assumption changes and management actions of negative $19 million.
                                  At June 30, 2024, total contractual service margin was $13.0 billion, an increase of $373 million from December 31, 2023. The
                                  increase was mainly driven by impacts of market movements of $366 million.
                                  Further detail on the assumption changes and management actions on non-participating business is provided in the section
                                  "Assumption Changes and Management Actions".

                                  Lifeco Capital Structure
                                  In establishing the appropriate mix of capital required to support the operations of the Company and its subsidiaries,
                                  management utilizes a variety of debt, equity and other hybrid instruments considering both the short and long-term capital
                                  needs of the Company.
                                  Debentures and Other Debt Instruments
                                  At June 30, 2024, debentures and other debt instruments increased by $96 million to $9,142 million compared to December 31,
                                  2023, primarily due to the impact of currency movement.
                                  Share Capital and Surplus
                                  Share capital outstanding at June 30, 2024 was $10,244 million, which comprises $6,024 million of common shares and $2,720
                                  million of preferred shares and $1,500 million Limited Recourse Capital Notes (LRCN Series 1). Preferred shares included
                                  $2,470 million of non-cumulative First Preferred Shares and $250 million of non-cumulative 5-year rate reset First Preferred
                                  Shares.
                                  The Company renewed its normal course issuer bid (NCIB) effective January 29, 2024 for one year to purchase and cancel up to




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  20,000,000 of its common shares at market prices in order to mitigate the dilutive effect of stock options granted under the
                                  Company's Stock Option Plan and for other capital management purposes. Effective March 5, 2024, the Company entered into
                                  an automatic share purchase plan (ASPP). The ASPP is intended to facilitate repurchases of common shares under the NCIB,
                                  including at times when the Company would ordinarily not be permitted to make purchases due to regulatory restrictions or
                                  self-imposed blackout periods. All purchases of common shares made under the ASPP are included in determining the
                                  number of common shares purchased under the NCIB. Any common shares purchased by the Corporation pursuant to the
                                  NCIB will be cancelled.
                                  During the six months ended June 30, 2024, the Company repurchased and subsequently cancelled 1,157,085 common shares
                                  under the current NCIB at an average cost per share of $41.55.




                                                                                                           Great-West Lifeco Inc. Second Quarter 2024 Management's Discussion and Analysis   27


                                       B  28                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
Management's Discussion and Analysis



Liquidity and Capital Management

Liquidity
    Total Liquid Assets

                                                                                                              On-balance sheet             Non-liquid/
                                                                                                                   assets                   Pledged              Net liquid assets
    As at June 30, 2024
    Cash, cash equivalents and short-term bonds
      Cash and cash equivalents                                                                               $                8,582   $                   8    $                8,574
      Short-term bonds1                                                                                                        4,948                      91                     4,857
      Sub-total                                                                                               $               13,530   $                  99    $               13,431

    Other assets and marketable securities
      Government bonds1                                                                                       $              36,372    $            10,908      $              25,464
      Corporate bonds1                                                                                                      115,029                 54,867                     60,162
      Stocks                                                                                                                 17,420                  5,159                     12,261
      Mortgage loans                                                                                                         38,355                 35,568                      2,787
      Sub-total                                                                                               $             207,176    $           106,502      $             100,674

    Total                                                                                                     $             220,706    $           106,601      $             114,105

    As at December 31, 2023
    Cash, cash equivalents and short-term bonds




                                                                                                                                                                                             PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
      Cash and cash equivalents                                                                               $                7,742   $                  12    $                7,730
      Short-term bonds1                                                                                                        5,876                      —                      5,876
      Sub-total                                                                                               $               13,618   $                  12    $               13,606

    Other assets and marketable securities
      Government bonds1                                                                                       $              38,369    $            10,639      $               27,730
      Corporate bonds1                                                                                                      112,806                 53,800                      59,006
      Stocks                                                                                                                 15,733                  4,134                      11,599
      Mortgage loans                                                                                                         38,414                 35,500                      2,914
      Sub-total                                                                                               $             205,322    $           104,073      $             101,249

    Total                                                                                                     $             218,940    $           104,085      $             114,855

1
     Total short-term bonds, government bonds and corporate bonds as at June 30, 2024 was $156.3 billion ($157.1 billion at December 31, 2023). Refer to the consolidated balance sheet in
     the Company's June 30, 2024 condensed consolidated interim unaudited financial statements for on-balance sheet bonds amounts.
The Company’s liquidity requirements are largely self-funded, with short-term obligations being met by internal funds and
maintaining levels of liquid investments adequate to meet anticipated liquidity needs. The Company holds cash, cash
equivalents and short-term bonds at the Lifeco holding company level and with the Lifeco consolidated subsidiary companies.
At June 30, 2024, the Company and its operating subsidiaries held liquid cash, cash equivalents and short-term bonds of $13.4
billion ($13.6 billion at December 31, 2023) and other liquid assets and marketable securities of $100.7 billion ($101.2 billion at
December 31, 2023). Included in the cash, cash equivalents and short-term bonds at June 30, 2024 was $1.0 billion ($0.5 billion
at December 31, 2023) held at the Lifeco holding company level which includes cash at Great-West Lifeco U.S. LLC, the
Company's U.S. holding company. In addition, the Company maintains committed lines of credit with Canadian chartered
banks for potential unanticipated liquidity needs, if required. Refer to note 6(b) in the Company’s June 30, 2024 condensed
consolidated interim unaudited financial statements for additional detail.
The Company does not have a formal common shareholder dividend policy. The Company maintains a target dividend payout
ratio range of 45% to 55% of base earnings that is considered in dividend decisions. Dividends on outstanding common shares
of the Company are declared and paid at the sole discretion of the Board of Directors of the Company. The decision to declare
a dividend on the common shares of the Company takes into account a variety of factors including the level of earnings,
adequacy of capital and availability of cash resources.




                                                                                                Great-West Lifeco Inc. Second Quarter 2024 Management's Discussion and Analysis        28


                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                         B  29
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis


                                  As a holding company, the Company’s ability to pay dividends and, in part, its ability to deploy capital is dependent upon the
                                  Company receiving dividends from its operating subsidiaries. The Company’s operating subsidiaries are subject to regulation
                                  in a number of jurisdictions, each of which maintains its own regime for determining the amount of capital that must be held in
                                  connection with the different businesses carried on by the operating subsidiaries. The requirements imposed by the regulators
                                  in any jurisdiction may change from time to time, and thereby impact the ability of the operating subsidiaries to pay dividends
                                  to the Company. In the second quarter of 2024, the Company's main operating subsidiaries made cash payments to the
                                  holding company in the form of dividends in the amount of $0.7 billion which was comparable to the average of the previous
                                  five quarters.
                                  Liquidity risk is assessed and mitigated through prudent product design and contract terms; and by maintaining a high quality,
                                  diversified investment portfolio with sufficient liquidity to meet policyholder and financing obligations under normal and
                                  stress conditions. Refer to the "Liquidity Risk" section of the Company's Annual MD&A for the period ended December 31,
                                  2023 for additional information.

                                  Cash Flows
                                      Cash flows

                                                                                                                     For the three months ended June 30                          For the six months ended June 30
                                                                                                                             2024                        20231                        2024                     20231
                                      Cash flows relating to the following activities:
                                      Operations                                                                    $                1,535       $                2,373      $                1,788        $           2,552
                                      Financing                                                                                        (641)                     (1,508)                     (1,177)               (2,260)
                                      Investment                                                                                       (105)                           (8)                         (319)                 (85)
                                                                                                                                        789                         857                            292                  207
                                      Effects of changes in exchange rates on cash and cash




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                         equivalents                                                                                      85                         (94)                          173                   (68)
                                      Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents in the period                                    874                         763                            465                  139
                                      Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period                                                 7,708                        6,666                       8,117                    7,290
                                      Cash and cash equivalents from continuing and
                                        discontinued operations, end of period                                      $                8,582       $                7,429      $                8,582        $           7,429
                                      Cash and cash equivalents from discontinued operations, end
                                        of period2                                                                                        —                         258                              —                  258
                                      Cash and cash equivalents from continuing operations,
                                        end of period                                                               $                8,582       $                7,171      $                8,582        $           7,171
                                  1
                                       The Company has reclassified certain comparative figures to conform to the current period's presentation. These classifications had no impact on the equity or net earnings of the
                                       Company.
                                  2
                                       On January 1, 2024, Lifeco completed the sale of Putnam Investments to Franklin Templeton. Beginning in Q2 2023, the cash flows related to the discontinued operations have been
                                       presented separately.
                                  The principal source of funds for the Company on a consolidated basis is cash provided by operating activities, including
                                  insurance revenue, net investment income and fee income. These funds are used primarily to pay policy benefits, policyholder
                                  dividends and claims, as well as operating expenses and commissions. The operations category on the statement of cash flows
                                  also includes transfers and withdrawals by clients that are funded in part by the sale of assets for cash. Cash flows generated by
                                  operations are mainly invested to support future liability cash requirements. Cash flows related to financing activities include
                                  the issuance and repayment of capital instruments and associated dividends and interest payments.
                                  In the second quarter of 2024, cash and cash equivalents increased by $874 million from March 31, 2024. Cash flows provided
                                  by operations during the second quarter of 2024 were $1,535 million, a decrease of $838 million compared to the second
                                  quarter of 2023. The decrease was primarily due to higher net sales of portfolio investments in the prior year, partially offset by
                                  higher net earnings after taxes. Cash flows used by financing activities of $641 million were primarily used for payment of
                                  dividends to common and preferred shareholders. Cash flows used by investment activities were $105 million.
                                  For the six months ended June 30, 2024, cash and cash equivalents increased by $465 million from December 31, 2023. Cash
                                  flows provided by operations were $1,788 million, a decrease of $764 million compared to the same period last year, primarily
                                  due to the same reasons discussed as the in-quarter results. Cash flows used by financing activities of $1,177 million were
                                  primarily used for the same reasons discussed for the in-quarter results. Cash flows used by investment activities were $319
                                  million primarily related to the sale of Putnam Investments classified as discontinued operations.

                                  Commitments/Contractual Obligations
                                  Commitments/contractual obligations have not changed materially from December 31, 2023.




                                                                                                                                 Great-West Lifeco Inc. Second Quarter 2024 Management's Discussion and Analysis            29


                                           B  30                                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
Management's Discussion and Analysis



Capital Management and Adequacy
The Board of Directors reviews and approves an annual capital plan as well as capital transactions undertaken by management
pursuant to the plan. The capital plan is designed to ensure that the Company maintains adequate capital, taking into account
the Company's strategy, risk profile and business plans. The Company has established policies and procedures designed to
identify, measure and report all material risks. Management is responsible for establishing capital management procedures for
implementing and monitoring the capital plan. In addition to undertaking capital transactions, the Company uses and
provides traditional and structured reinsurance to support capital and risk management.
At the holding company level, the Company monitors the amount of consolidated capital available and the amounts deployed
in its various operating subsidiaries. The amount of capital deployed in any particular company or country is dependent upon
local regulatory requirements as well as the Company’s internal assessment of capital requirements in the context of its
operational risks and requirements and strategic plans. The Company’s practice is to maintain the capitalization of its
regulated operating subsidiaries at a level that will exceed the relevant minimum regulatory capital requirements in the
jurisdictions in which they operate. The capitalization decisions of the Company and its operating subsidiaries also give
consideration to the impact such actions may have on the opinions expressed by various credit rating agencies that provide
financial strength and other ratings to the Company.
In Canada, OSFI has established a regulatory capital adequacy measurement for life insurance companies incorporated under
the Insurance Companies Act (Canada) and their subsidiaries, known as the Life Insurance Capital Adequacy Test (LICAT).
The LICAT Ratio is calculated in accordance with the 2024 OSFI Guideline - Life Insurance Capital Adequacy Test.
The LICAT Ratio compares the regulatory capital resources of a company to its required capital. The required capital is
calibrated so that a life insurer can both withstand severe stress events and support the continuity of existing business. The
LICAT guideline uses a risk-based approach for measuring specific life insurer risks and for aggregating the results to calculate
the amount of a life insurer's capital requirements.




                                                                                                                                                                                         PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
OSFI has established a Supervisory Target Total Ratio of 100% and a Supervisory Minimum Total Ratio of 90%. Lifeco's major
Canadian operating subsidiary, Canada Life, is operating well above these supervisory ratios.
Canada Life's consolidated LICAT Ratio at June 30, 2024 was 130%. The LICAT Ratio does not take into account any impact
from $1.0 billion of liquidity at the Lifeco holding company level at June 30, 2024 ($0.9 billion at March 31, 2024).
The following provides a summary of the LICAT information and ratios for Canada Life:

    LICAT Ratio
                                                                                                                                                    June 30             Dec. 31
                                                                                                                                                     2024                2023
     Tier 1 Capital                                                                                                                            $        19,478      $     18,285
     Tier 2 Capital                                                                                                                                      5,168             5,223
     Total Available Capital                                                                                                                            24,646            23,508
     Surplus Allowance & Eligible Deposits                                                                                                               5,166             5,406
    Total Capital Resources                                                                                                                    $        29,812      $      28,914

    Required Capital                                                                                                                           $        22,852      $      22,525

    Total Ratio (OSFI Supervisory Target = 100%)1                                                                                                         130 %                128 %
1
     Total Ratio (%) = (Total Capital Resources / Required Capital)
The LICAT Ratio increased by two points from 128% at December 31, 2023 to 130% at June 30, 2024 as a result of earnings which
increased total capital resources. In-quarter growth of one point from March 31, 2024 was as a result of similar factors.
In the U.S, the National Association of Insurance Commissioners has established Risk-Based Capital (RBC) as a regulatory
capital adequacy measurement. Empower, Lifeco’s U.S. operating company, reports its RBC ratio annually to U.S. Insurance
Regulators. The RBC ratio is for information only and is not intended as a means to rank insurers generally or for any other
purpose. The reported December 31, 2023 ratio was 522%. At June 30, 2024, the ratio is estimated to continue to be above
500%.
OSFI Regulatory Capital Initiatives
OSFI is developing a new approach, planned to be implemented in 2025, to determine capital requirements for Segregated
Fund Guarantee Risk. The Company will continue to participate in future public consultations relating to this and other
developments.




                                                                                                 Great-West Lifeco Inc. Second Quarter 2024 Management's Discussion and Analysis    30


                                     P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                        B  31
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis



                                  Return on Equity (ROE)
                                                                                                                                                                      June 30               March 31            June 30
                                                                                                                                                                       2024                  2024                2023
                                      Base Return on Equity1 by Segment
                                        Canada                                                                                                                               16.4 %                 16.2 %             17.6 %
                                        United States                                                                                                                        13.3 %                 12.6 %             11.4 %
                                        Europe2                                                                                                                              17.3 %                 16.8 %             17.5 %
                                        Capital and Risk Solutions2                                                                                                          50.8 %                 52.9 %             37.1 %
                                      Total Lifeco Base Return on Equity2                                                                                                    17.2 %                 17.0 %             15.9 %

                                      Return on Equity - Continuing Operations3 by Segment
                                        Canada                                                                                                                               17.0 %                 14.9 %             15.3 %
                                        United States                                                                                                                        11.1 %                  9.8 %              8.2 %
                                        Europe                                                                                                                               13.2 %                 11.2 %             11.8 %
                                        Capital and Risk Solutions                                                                                                           55.5 %                 57.8 %             30.0 %
                                      Total Lifeco Return on Equity - Continuing Operations                                                                                  16.2 %                 14.6 %             12.2 %
                                  1
                                       This metric is a non-GAAP ratio. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details.
                                  2
                                       Global Minimum Tax legislation was enacted in Canada on June 20, 2024 and applies retroactively to January 1, 2024. As a result, comparative results for base earnings and items
                                       excluded from base earnings for the first quarter of 2024 are presented on a "pro forma" basis as if the legislation was enacted in the first quarter of 2024. See "Taxes" section of this
                                       document for further details.
                                  3
                                       Refer to the "Glossary" section of this document for additional details on the composition of this measure.
                                  The Company has a capital allocation methodology, which allocates financing costs in proportion to allocated capital. For the
                                  Canada, Europe and Capital and Risk Solutions segments (essentially Canada Life), this allocation method generally tracks the
                                  regulatory capital requirements, while for the United States, it tracks the financial statement carrying value of the business




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  units. Total leverage capital is consistently allocated across all business units in proportion to total capital resulting in a debt-
                                  to-equity ratio in each business unit consistent with the consolidated Company.
                                  Lifeco's base ROE as at June 30, 2024 increased by 1.3 percentage points compared to the same quarter last year. The increase
                                  was driven by the U.S. and Capital and Risk Solutions segments, for which base ROEs increased by 1.9 and 13.7 percentage
                                  points, respectively. The increase in the U.S. segment was driven by strong earnings growth that outpaced growth in equity. In
                                  the Capital and Risk Solutions segment, trailing four quarter base earnings for the comparative period ended June 30, 2023
                                  included a net loss provision of $128 million after-tax for estimated claims resulting from the impact of Hurricane Ian in the
                                  third quarter of 2022.
                                  Lifeco's ROE as at June 30, 2024 increased by 4.0 percentage points compared to the same quarter last year, primarily for the
                                  same reasons as discussed for Lifeco's base ROE.

                                  Ratings
                                  Lifeco maintains ratings from five independent ratings companies. Credit ratings1 are intended to provide investors with an
                                  independent measure of the credit quality of a corporation and securities of a corporation and are indicators of the likelihood
                                  of payment and the capacity of a corporation to meet its obligations in accordance with the terms of each obligation.
                                  In the second quarter of 2024, the existing credit ratings for Lifeco and its major operating subsidiaries were unchanged. The
                                  Company continued to receive strong ratings relative to its North American peer group resulting from its conservative risk
                                  profile, stable net earnings and strong capitalization.
                                  For a complete listing of credit ratings for Great-West Lifeco and its major operating subsidiaries, please refer to the "Investor
                                  Relations" section of the Company's website at www.greatwestlifeco.com.




                                  1
                                       These ratings are not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold the securities of the Company or its subsidiaries and do not address market price or other factors that might determine
                                       suitability of a specific security for a particular investor. The ratings also may not reflect the potential impact of all risks on the value of securities and are subject to revision or
                                       withdrawal at any time by the rating agency.


                                                                                                                                  Great-West Lifeco Inc. Second Quarter 2024 Management's Discussion and Analysis             31


                                           B  32                                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
Management's Discussion and Analysis



Risk Management and Control Practices

The Company’s Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) Framework facilitates the alignment of business strategy with risk
appetite, informs and improves the deployment of capital; and supports the identification, mitigation and management of
exposure to potential losses and risk. The Company’s Risk Function is responsible for developing and maintaining the Risk
Appetite Framework (RAF), the supporting risk policies and risk limit structure, and provides independent risk oversight across
the Company’s operations. The Board of Directors is ultimately accountable and responsible for the Company's risk
governance and associated risk policies. These include the ERM Policy, which establishes the guiding principles of risk
management, and the RAF, which reflects the levels and types of risk that the Company is willing to accept to achieve its
business objectives.
During the six months ended June 30, 2024, there were no significant changes to the Company's risk management and control
practices. Refer to the Company's 2023 Annual MD&A for a detailed description of the Company's risk management and
control practices.

Exposures and Sensitivities
Insurance and Investment Contract Liabilities
In determining the Company’s insurance contract liabilities, valuation assumptions are made regarding rates of mortality/
morbidity, investment returns, levels of operating expenses, rates of policy termination and rates of utilization of elective policy
options or provisions. When the assumptions are revised to reflect emerging experience or change in outlook, the result is a
change in the value of liabilities which in turn affects the Company’s earnings.
Financial Exposures and Sensitivities
The following table illustrates the approximate impact to the Company’s shareholders' net earnings that would arise as a result




                                                                                                                                                                           PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
of changes to management’s best estimate of certain assumptions. A description of the methodologies used to calculate the
Company's financial risk sensitivities is included in the "Summary of Critical Accounting Estimates" section of the Company's
2023 Annual MD&A. For changes in financial assumptions, the sensitivity is shown net of the corresponding impact on
earnings of the change in the value of liabilities and the value of assets supporting liabilities.
The impact to shareholders' net earnings from an immediate 50 basis point increase or decrease in credit spreads is illustrated
in the table below, with no change to the ultimate illiquidity premium. Actual impacts of credit spread changes will vary
depending on the geographies where the changes occur, and the changes in credit spreads by term. A change in credit spreads
may also lead to a change in the allowance for credit risk within the IFRS 17 discount rate, depending on prevailing market and
credit conditions at the time; any potential earnings impacts that may arise from such a change are not reflected in the
sensitivities below.
On January 1, 2024, the Company completed the sale of Putnam Investments and currently holds approximately 31,600,000
Franklin Templeton shares as part of the consideration, which are classified as fair value through other comprehensive income
(FVOCI). The Company will hold a majority of these shares for a minimum five-year period.




                                                                                    Great-West Lifeco Inc. Second Quarter 2024 Management's Discussion and Analysis   32


                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                        B  33
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis



                                      Financial Exposures and Sensitivities
                                                                                                                 Net earnings                       Equity1                         CSM2                       LICAT3
                                                                                                             June 30         Dec. 31        June 30         Dec. 31        June 30        Dec. 31       June 30      Dec. 31
                                                                                                              2024            2023           2024            2023           2024           2023          2024         2023
                                      Investment returns:
                                         Change in risk free interest rates
                                             50 basis points increase                                       $       125 $          175 $           100 $          150 $           125 $          175     (1 point)      0 point
                                             50 basis points decrease                                              (150)          (225)           (150)          (225)           (200)          (250)     0 point       0 point
                                         Change in credit spreads
                                             50 basis points increase                                       $       225 $          300 $           275 $          350 $           100 $          175      0 point     1 point
                                             50 basis points decrease                                              (275)          (375)           (350)          (450)           (175)          (250)    (1 point)   (1 point)
                                         Change in publicly traded common stock values1
                                           20% increase                                                     $       125 $          225 $           575 $          525 $           550 $          525 (1 point)        0 point
                                           10% increase                                                               50           100             275            250             275            275 < (1 point)      0 point
                                           10% decrease                                                              (50)         (100)           (275)          (250)           (300)          (300)    0 point      0 point
                                           20% decrease                                                            (125)          (225)           (575)          (525)           (575)          (550) < (1 point)    (1 point)
                                        Change in other non-fixed income asset values
                                            10% increase                                                    $       425 $          400 $           450 $          450 $             — $             —    1 point     1 point
                                            5% increase                                                             200            200             225            225               —               — < 1 point < 1 point
                                            5% decrease                                                            (225)          (200)           (225)          (225)              —               — < (1 point) < (1 point)
                                            10% decrease                                                           (450)          (425)           (475)          (450)              —               —   (1 point) (1 point)

                                  1
                                       The net impact of the sale of Putnam Investments and the receipt of Franklin Templeton common shares is reflected in the June 30, 2024 values in the table above. The Franklin
                                       Templeton common shares are measured at FVOCI and therefore unrealized gains and losses do not impact shareholders' net earnings. The after-tax impact on shareholders' equity




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                       of the Franklin Templeton common shares is approximately $75 for every 10% change in the common stock equity value.
                                  2
                                       The impacts to the total contractual service margin are pre-tax.
                                  3
                                       LICAT sensitivities should be viewed as directional estimates only of the underlying sensitivities for the respective factors. Given the nature of these calculations, the Company cannot
                                       provide assurance that the actual impact on the Canada Life consolidated LICAT Ratio will be as indicated. LICAT sensitivities are rounded to the nearest point.
                                  Actual impacts of interest rate changes will vary depending upon the geography where the changes occur. Net earnings are
                                  positively impacted by a parallel increase in interest rates and credit spreads in Canada, U.K. and the U.S., and are positively
                                  impacted by a parallel decrease in interest rates in the eurozone. Actual impacts of interest rate changes also vary by the level
                                  of change in interest rates by term. Therefore, actual impacts from interest rate changes may differ from the estimated impact
                                  of parallel movements in all geographies, which is presented above.
                                  The potential impact on shareholders' net earnings of the Company does not take into account any future potential changes to
                                  the Company's ultimate investment rate (UIR) assumptions. As at both June 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the sensitivity of
                                  shareholders' net earnings of the Company to a 10 basis point increase or decrease in the UIR in all geographies would be an
                                  increase of $25 million or a decrease of $25 million post-tax, respectively. In addition, the sensitivity of the CSM of the
                                  Company to a 10 basis point increase or decrease in the UIR in all geographies would be an increase of $75 million or a
                                  decrease of $75 million pre-tax, respectively.
                                  Refer to the "Accounting Policies - Summary of Critical Accounting Estimates" and "Capital Management and Adequacy"
                                  sections of the Company's 2023 Annual MD&A for additional information on earnings and LICAT sensitivities.

                                  International Financial Reporting Standards
                                  Due to the evolving nature of IFRS, there are a number of IFRS changes impacting the Company in 2024, as well as standards
                                  that could impact the Company in future reporting periods. The Company actively monitors future IFRS changes proposed by
                                  the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) to assess if the changes to the standards may have an impact on the
                                  Company's results or operations.
                                  Changes in Accounting Policies
                                  The Company adopted the amendments to International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) for IAS 7, Statement of Cash
                                  Flows, IFRS 7, Financial Instruments: Disclosures, and IFRS 16, Leases effective January 1, 2024. The adoption of these
                                  amendments did not have a material impact on the Company's financial statements.
                                  For additional detail, refer to note 2 of the Company’s condensed consolidated interim unaudited financial statements for the
                                  period ended June 30, 2024.




                                                                                                                                  Great-West Lifeco Inc. Second Quarter 2024 Management's Discussion and Analysis             33


                                           B  34                                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
Management's Discussion and Analysis



Other Information

Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios
Non-GAAP Financial Measures
The Company uses several non-GAAP financial measures to measure overall performance of the Company and to assess each
of its business units. A financial measure is considered a non-GAAP measure for Canadian securities law purposes if it is
presented other than in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) used for the Company's
consolidated financial statements. The consolidated financial statements of the Company have been prepared in compliance
with IFRS as issued by the IASB. Non-GAAP financial measures do not have a standardized meaning under GAAP and may not
be comparable to similar financial measures presented by other issuers. Investors may find these financial measures useful in
understanding how management views the underlying business performance of the Company.
Base earnings (loss)
Base earnings (loss) reflect management’s view of the underlying business performance of the Company and provides an
alternate measure to understand the underlying business performance compared to IFRS net earnings.
Base earnings (loss) exclude the following items from IFRS reported net earnings:
•   Market-related impacts, where actual market returns in the current period are different than longer-term expected returns;
•   Assumption changes and management actions that impact the measurement of assets and liabilities;
•   Business transformation impacts which include acquisition and divestiture costs and restructuring and integration costs;
•   Material legal settlements, material impairment charges related to goodwill and intangible assets, impacts of income tax
    rate changes on the remeasurement of deferred tax assets and liabilities and other tax impairments, net gains, losses or




                                                                                                                                                                           PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
    costs related to the disposition or acquisition of a business; net earnings (loss) from discontinued operations;
•   Realized gains (losses) on the sale of assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income (FVOCI);
•   The direct equity and interest rate impacts on the measurement of surplus assets and liabilities;
•   Amortization of acquisition related finite life intangible assets; and
•   Other items that, when removed, assist in explaining the Company's underlying business performance.




                                                                                    Great-West Lifeco Inc. Second Quarter 2024 Management's Discussion and Analysis   34


                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                        B  35
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis



                                      LLifeco
                                                                                                                                For the three months ended                                    For the six months ended
                                                                                                                         June 30              March 31                June 30                  June 30          June 30
                                      g                                                                                   2024                 2024                    2023                     2024             2023
                                      sBase earnings1                                                                $           1,038 $                 978 $                 920       $          2,016 $            1,746
                                      g
                                      sItems excluded from Lifeco base earnings
                                           x
                                          Market experience relative to expectations (pre-tax)
                                           )                                                                         $               45 $                136 $                  (92)     $           181 $             (301)
                                                i
                                                t
                                              Income tax (expense) benefit                                                          (17)                 (29)                    13                   (46)                 54
                                         Realized OCI gains / (losses) from asset rebalancing (pre-
                                           tax)                                                                                      —                     —                  (158)                      —             (158)
                                                Income tax (expense) benefit                                                         —                     —                     37                      —                 37
                                        x
                                        )Assumption changes and management actions (pre-tax)                                           2                     3                   (5)                      5                 4
                                               i
                                             Income tax (expense) benefit
                                               t                                                                                     37                    (4)                     1                     33                (1)
                                         Business transformation impacts (pre-tax)2                                                 (36)                 (67)                 (144)                  (103)             (170)
                                                Income tax (expense) benefit2                                                          7                   18                    33                      25                40
                                         Amortization of acquisition-related finite life intangibles
                                           (pre-tax)2                                                                               (52)                 (50)                  (49)                  (102)               (92)
                                               Income tax (expense) benefit2                                                         15                   12                    13                     27                 24
                                          e
                                          se legislative changes impact (pre-tax)1,2
                                        Tax                                                                                          —                     —                     —                     —                   —
                                      g    s Income tax (expense) benefit1,2                                                        (34)                   34                    —                       —                 —
                                      s Total pre-tax items excluded from base earnings                              $              (41) $                 22 $                (448)     $            (19) $            (717)
                                           x
                                        Impact of items excluded from base earnings on income
                                           e
                                           staxes1                                                                                     8                   31                    97                      39              154




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                      Net earnings from continuing operations                       $                            1,005 $               1,031 $                 569       $          2,036 $            1,183
                                        Net    t
                                            earnings (loss) from discontinued operations (post-tax)                                 —                   (115)                   (71)                 (115)                (90)
                                         Net gain from disposal of discontinued operations (post-
                                      r     tax)                                                                                     —                     44                    —                       44                —
                                      sNet earnings - common shareholders                                            $           1,005 $                 960 $                 498       $          1,965 $            1,093

                                  1
                                       Global Minimum Tax legislation was enacted in Canada on June 20, 2024 and applies retroactively to January 1, 2024. As a result, comparative results for base earnings and items
                                       excluded from base earnings for the first quarter of 2024 are presented on a "pro forma" basis as if the legislation was enacted in the first quarter of 2024. See "Taxes" section of this
                                       document for further details.
                                  2
                                       Included in other non-market related impacts.

                                      Canada
                                                                                                                                 For the three months ended                                   For the six months ended
                                                                                                                          June 30              March 31               June 30                  June 30          June 30
                                                                                                                           2024                 2024                   2023                     2024             2023
                                      Base earnings                                                                  $              322 $                 302 $                 283       $          624 $               561

                                      Items excluded from base earnings
                                         Market experience relative to expectations (pre-tax)                        $                35 $                  93 $               (179)      $          128 $              (239)
                                                Income tax (expense) benefit                                                         (10)                  (26)                   50                     (36)              67
                                         Assumption changes and management actions (pre-tax)                                            1                     9                     1                    10                  4
                                                Income tax (expense) benefit                                                          —                      (3)                  —                       (3)               (1)
                                         Business transformation impacts (pre-tax)1                                                    (9)                 (23)                    (3)                   (32)               (3)
                                                Income tax (expense) benefit1                                                           2                     6                     1                      8                 1
                                         Amortization of acquisition-related finite life intangibles
                                           (pre-tax)1                                                                                  (8)                   (7)                   (6)                   (15)             (12)
                                                Income tax (expense) benefit1                                                           2                     2                     1                      4                3
                                      Net earnings - common shareholders                                             $              335 $                 353 $                 148       $          688 $               381

                                  1
                                       Included in other non-market related impacts.




                                                                                                                                  Great-West Lifeco Inc. Second Quarter 2024 Management's Discussion and Analysis             35


                                           B  36                                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
Management's Discussion and Analysis



    United States
                                                                                               For the three months ended                                For the six months ended
                                                                                        June 30              March 31               June 30               June 30            June 30
                                                                                         2024                 2024                   2023                  2024               2023
    Base earnings                                                                   $             324 $                 286 $             265        $           610 $                483

    Items excluded from base earnings
      Market experience relative to expectations (pre-tax)                          $                (2) $                  9 $                (4)   $              7 $                  (9)
             Income tax (expense) benefit                                                             1                    (2)                —                     (1)                 —
      Business transformation impacts (pre-tax)1                                                   (27)                  (44)                 (95)                (71)                (121)
             Income tax (expense) benefit1                                                            5                   12                  22                    17                  29
      Amortization of acquisition-related finite life intangibles
        (pre-tax)1                                                                                 (39)                  (37)                 (37)                (76)                 (69)
             Income tax (expense) benefit1                                                          12                      9                 10                    21                  18
    Net earnings from continuing operations                                         $             274 $                 233 $             161        $           507 $                331
      Net earnings (loss) from discontinued operations (post-tax)                                  —                   (115)              (71)                  (115)                 (90)
      Net gain from disposal of discontinued operations (post-
        tax)                                                                                        —                     44                  —                     44                  —
    Net earnings - common shareholders                                              $             274 $                 162 $                 90     $           436 $                241

1
    Included in other non-market related impacts.


    Europe
                                                                                               For the three months ended                                For the six months ended




                                                                                                                                                                                                 PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                                                                        June 30              March 31               June 30               June 30            June 30
                                                                                         2024                 2024                   2023                  2024               2023
    Base earnings1                                                                  $             206 $                 197 $             180        $           403 $                358

    Items excluded from base earnings
      Market experience relative to expectations (pre-tax)                          $               13 $                 (15) $           100        $              (2) $              (55)
             Income tax (expense) benefit                                                            (5)                    3                 (16)                  (2)                 —
      Realized OCI gains / (losses) from asset rebalancing (pre-
        tax)                                                                                        —                     —               (158)                     —                 (158)
            Income tax (expense) benefit                                                            —                     —                 37                      —                   37
      Assumption changes and management actions (pre-tax)                                            (2)                  —                    (1)                  (2)                   5
             Income tax (expense) benefit                                                           —                     —                   —                     —                    (1)
      Business transformation impacts (pre-tax)2                                                    —                     —                   (46)                  —                  (46)
             Income tax (expense) benefit2                                                          —                     —                   10                    —                   10
      Amortization of acquisition-related finite life intangibles
        (pre-tax)2                                                                                   (5)                   (6)                 (6)                (11)                 (11)
            Income tax (expense) benefit2                                                             1                     1                  2                    2                     3
      Tax legislative changes impact (pre-tax)1,2                                                   —                     —                   —                     —                   —
             Income tax (expense) benefit1,2                                                        (7)                   7                   —                     —                   —
    Net earnings - common shareholders                                              $             201 $                 187 $             102        $           388 $                142

1
    Global Minimum Tax legislation was enacted in Canada on June 20, 2024 and applies retroactively to January 1, 2024. As a result, comparative results for base earnings and items
    excluded from base earnings for the first quarter of 2024 are presented on a "pro forma" basis as if the legislation was enacted in the first quarter of 2024. See "Taxes" section of this
    document for further details.
2
    Included in other non-market related impacts.




                                                                                                Great-West Lifeco Inc. Second Quarter 2024 Management's Discussion and Analysis            36


                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                             B  37
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis



                                      Capital and Risk Solutions
                                                                                                                                 For the three months ended                                  For the six months ended
                                                                                                                          June 30              March 31               June 30                 June 30           June 30
                                                                                                                           2024                 2024                   2023                    2024              2023
                                      Base earnings1                                                                 $              190 $                 195 $                 203      $           385 $               360

                                      Items excluded from base earnings
                                         Market experience relative to expectations (pre-tax)                        $                (6) $                 49 $                  (9)    $              43 $               13
                                               Income tax (expense) benefit                                                           (2)                   (4)                  (21)                   (6)               (16)
                                         Assumption changes and management actions (pre-tax)                                          (1)                   (6)                   (5)                   (7)                (5)
                                               Income tax (expense) benefit                                                            1                    (1)                   1                     —                  1
                                         Tax legislative changes impact (pre-tax)1,2                                                  —                     —                     —                     —                  —
                                               Income tax (expense) benefit1,2                                                       (27)                   27                    —                     —                  —
                                      Net earnings - common shareholders                                             $              155 $                 260 $                 169      $           415 $               353

                                  1
                                       Global Minimum Tax legislation was enacted in Canada on June 20, 2024 and applies retroactively to January 1, 2024. As a result, comparative results for base earnings and items
                                       excluded from base earnings for the first quarter of 2024 are presented on a "pro forma" basis as if the legislation was enacted in the first quarter of 2024. See "Taxes" section of this
                                       document for further details.
                                  2
                                       Included in other non-market related impacts.


                                      Lifeco Corporate
                                                                                                                                 For the three months ended                                  For the six months ended
                                                                                                                          June 30              March 31                June 30                June 30           June 30
                                                                                                                           2024                 2024                    2023                   2024              2023
                                      Base earnings (loss)                                                            $                (4) $                 (2) $               (11) $                 (6) $             (16)




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                      Items excluded from base earnings (loss)
                                         Market experience relative to expectations (pre-tax)                         $                 5 $                  — $                   —     $              5 $               (11)
                                               Income tax (expense) benefit                                                            (1)                   —                     —                    (1)                 3
                                         Assumption changes and management actions (pre-tax)                                            4                    —                     —                    4                  —
                                               Income tax (expense) benefit                                                           36                     —                     —                    36                 —
                                      Net earnings (loss) - common shareholders                                       $               40 $                   (2) $               (11) $                 38 $              (24)

                                  Base earnings - insurance service result
                                  Represents the profit earned from providing insurance coverage and comprises the expected insurance earnings, impacts of
                                  new insurance business written and insurance experience gains and losses for the Company's insurance businesses. This
                                  metric is presented on a common shareholders' basis by removing the participating account results.

                                      Lifeco (pre-tax)
                                                                                                                                  For the three months ended                                 For the six months ended
                                                                                                                           June 30         March 31                    June 30                June 30           June 30
                                                                                                                            2024            2024                        2023                   2024              2023
                                      Base earnings - insurance service result                                        $              794 $        763 $                       711        $          1,557 $          1,370
                                        Items excluded from base earnings                                                              (1)                   (2)                  (46)                  (3)               (43)
                                        Participating account                                                                         38                     36                    38                   74                 76
                                      Net earnings - insurance service result                                         $              831 $                 797 $                 703     $          1,628 $            1,403

                                  Base earnings - net investment result
                                  Represents the difference between management’s expected return on assets backing insurance contract liabilities and the
                                  unwinding of discount rates used to measure corresponding insurance contract liabilities. Includes the release of credit
                                  provisions into profit and the impact of credit experience for the period as well as the impact of certain trading activity on fixed
                                  income assets and non-directly attributable investment expenses. Additionally, includes expected investment income on
                                  surplus assets net of associated investment expenses. This metric is presented on a common shareholders' basis by removing
                                  the participating account results. This measure removes spread income earned on certain investment products which
                                  represents the difference between earned rates and rates credited to clients.




                                                                                                                                  Great-West Lifeco Inc. Second Quarter 2024 Management's Discussion and Analysis             37


                                           B  38                                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
Management's Discussion and Analysis



    Lifeco (pre-tax)
                                                                                                For the three months ended                               For the six months ended
                                                                                         June 30              March 31             June 30                 June 30           June 30
                                                                                          2024                 2024                 2023                    2024              2023
    Base earnings - net investment result                                            $             255 $                 297 $               266     $              552 $              480
      Items excluded from base earnings                                                              49                  144                 (255)                  193                (464)
      Spread income                                                                                328                   321                 305                    649                663
      Participating account                                                                          17                     (2)               (12)                   15                 (61)
    Net earnings - net investment result                                             $             649 $                 760 $               304     $          1,409 $                618

Base earnings - pre-tax
Represents base earnings (loss) before income taxes, earnings (losses) attributable to non-controlling interests and preferred
share dividends.

    LLifeco
                                                                                               For the three months ended                                For the six months ended
                                                                                         June 30             March 31              June 30                June 30            June 30
    g                                                                                     2024                2024                  2023                   2024               2023
    sBase earnings (pre-tax)                                                       $           1,325 $               1,230 $           1,131         $         2,555 $           2,092
    g
    sItems excluded from Lifeco base earnings
         x
         )Market experience relative to expectations (pre-tax)                     $                45 $                136 $                (92) $             181 $             (301)
         Realized OCI gains / (losses) from asset rebalancing (pre-
           tax)                                                                                     —                     —             (158)                       —             (158)
      x
      ) Assumption changes and management actions (pre-tax)                                          2                     3                 (5)                     5                   4




                                                                                                                                                                                               PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
         Business transformation impacts (pre-tax)1                                                (36)                 (67)            (144)                   (103)             (170)
        Amortization of acquisition-related finite life intangibles
    g      (pre-tax)1                                                                              (52)                 (50)             (49)                   (102)                (92)
    s Total
        e pre-tax items excluded from base earnings                                $               (41) $                22 $            (448) $                    (19) $         (717)
      Participating account
        s                                                                                           30                     6                  (1)                   36                 (39)
    Earnings before income taxes                                                   $           1,314 $               1,258 $             682         $         2,572 $           1,336

1
     Included in other non-market related impacts.

Empower Defined Contribution and Personal Wealth net revenue
For the Empower Defined Contribution (Empower DC) and Empower Personal Wealth (Empower PW) business lines in the
U.S segment, the Company discloses net revenue, which is a measure of financial performance and growth for these
businesses. Net revenue includes net asset-based fee income and other fee income related to businesses such as mutual funds
products and recordkeeping. Net asset-based expenses include certain direct expenses incurred such as commissions,
managed account expenses and sub-advisor expenses. Net revenue also includes spread income earned on general account
investment products, net of credit experience on assets held to back general account liabilities.




                                                                                               Great-West Lifeco Inc. Second Quarter 2024 Management's Discussion and Analysis            38


                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                             B  39
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis



                                  LUnited States
                                                                                                                  For the three months ended                                 For the six months ended
                                                                                                           June 30              March 31               June 30                June 30           June 30
                                                                                                            2024                 2024                   2023                   2024              2023
                                   Empower Defined Contribution (US$)
                                      Gross AUM fees                                                  $              437 $                 425 $                 406     $            862 $           802
                                      Asset-based expenses                                                          (110)                 (109)                 (108)                (219)           (210)
                                    Asset-based fee income (net)                                      $              327 $                 316 $                 298     $            643 $           592
                                      Spread income                                                                  175                   173                   195                  348             396
                                      Credit experience                                                              (29)                   —                     (10)                (29)             (13)
                                    Spread income (net)                                               $              146 $                 173 $                 185     $            319 $           383
                                    Other fees                                                                       222                   175                   164                  397             316
                                   Total net revenue (US$)                                            $              695 $                 664 $                 647     $          1,359 $         1,291

                                   Empower Personal Wealth (US$)
                                      Gross AUM fees                                                  $              102 $                   99 $                  81    $            201 $           157
                                      Asset-based expenses                                                            (14)                  (14)                  (10)                  (28)              (22)
                                    Asset-based fee income (net)                                      $               88 $                   85 $                  71    $            173 $           135
                                    Spread income (net)                                                               44                     46                    39                  90              76
                                    Other fees                                                                        18                     19                    16                   37                28
                                   Total net revenue (US$)                                            $              150 $                 150 $                 126     $            300 $           239

                                   Reconciliation to Income Statement
                                   Fee and other income
                                   Gross AUM and other fees (US$)                                     $              779 $                 718 $                 667     $          1,497 $         1,303




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                   Gross AUM and other fees (C$)                                                  1,067                    970                   893                2,037           1,752
                                   Add: Other fee and other income                                                    32                     31                    28                   63                56
                                   Fee and other income                                               $           1,099 $               1,001 $                  921     $          2,100 $         1,808

                                   Net investment result
                                   Empower DC and PW spread income (net) (US$)                        $              190 $                 219 $                 224     $            409 $           459

                                   Empower DC and PW spread income (net) (C$)                         $              261 $                 295 $                 300     $            556 $           616
                                   Add: Other U.S. segment net investment results                                     69                    81                    20                  150              65
                                   Add: Items excluded from base earnings                                              (2)                    9                    (4)                    7                (9)
                                   Add: Participating account                                                           1                     1                    —                     2                —
                                   Net investment result                                              $              329 $                 386 $                 316     $            715 $           672

                                   Operating and administrative expenses
                                   Asset-based expenses (US$)                                         $             (124) $               (123) $               (118) $              (247) $          (232)
                                   Empower DC other operating expenses (US$)                                        (437)                 (462)                 (436)                (899)            (876)
                                   Empower PW other operating expenses (US$)                                          (96)                  (95)                  (73)               (191)            (159)
                                   Total Empower DC and PW fee and spread income-related
                                   operating expenses (US$)                                           $             (657) $               (680) $               (627) $             (1,337) $       (1,267)

                                   Total Empower DC and PW operating expenses (C$)                                  (900)                 (918)                 (840)               (1,818)         (1,698)
                                   Add: Items excluded from base earnings                                             (15)                   —                    (67)                  (15)              (67)
                                   Add: Other U.S. segment operating expenses                                         (24)                  (56)                  (26)                  (80)          (109)
                                   Add: Participating account                                                          (4)                   (1)                   (3)                   (5)               (5)
                                   Operating and administrative expenses                              $             (943) $               (975) $               (936) $             (1,918) $       (1,879)




                                                                                                                  Great-West Lifeco Inc. Second Quarter 2024 Management's Discussion and Analysis            39


                                       B  40                                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
Management's Discussion and Analysis



Assets under management (AUM) and assets under administration (AUA)
Assets under management and assets under administration are non-GAAP measures that provide an indicator of the size and
volume of the Company's overall business. Administrative services are an important aspect of the overall business of the
Company and should be considered when comparing volumes, size and trends.
Total assets under administration includes total assets per financial statements, proprietary mutual funds and institutional
assets and other assets under administration.
    Lifeco
                                                                                                                                    June 30      March 31                June 30
                                                                                                                                     2024         2024                    2023
    Total assets per financial statements1                                                                                    $        749,562 $    736,722 $               690,003
      Continuing operations - other AUM                                                                                                211,939      204,651                 198,956
      Discontinued operations - other AUM                                                                                                   —             —                 153,414
    Total AUM1                                                                                                                $        961,501 $        941,373 $          1,042,373
      Other AUA                                                                                                                      1,967,541        1,913,791            1,601,005
    Total AUA1                                                                                                                $      2,929,042 $      2,855,164 $          2,643,378
1
     Comparative figures include assets held for sale and other AUM related to the discontinued operations of Putnam Investments.

    Canada
                                                                                                                                    June 30        March 31              June 30
                                                                                                                                     2024           2024                  2023
    Canada wealth fee business AUA
      Segregated fund assets                                                                                                  $        107,067 $        106,530 $             98,216
      Other AUM                                                                                                                         13,293           13,424                3,971
      Wealth fee business other AUA                                                                                                     57,771           57,142               25,141




                                                                                                                                                                                          PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
    Total Canada wealth fee business AUA                                                                                      $        178,131 $        177,096 $            127,328

      Add: Other balance sheet assets                                                                                         $        105,034 $        103,874 $             98,457
      Add: Other AUA                                                                                                                     2,329             2,152                  2,221


      Consolidated Canada balance sheet assets                                                                                $        212,101 $        210,404 $            196,673
      Consolidated Canada other AUM                                                                                                     13,293           13,424                3,971
      Consolidated Canada other AUA                                                                                                     60,100           59,294               27,362
    Total Canada AUA                                                                                                          $        285,494 $        283,122 $            228,006

    United States
                                                                                                                                    June 30        March 31              June 30
                                                                                                                                     2024           2024                  2023
    Empower AUA
         General account                                                                                                      $         87,553 $         87,471 $             91,817
         Segregated funds                                                                                                              193,030          186,611              170,566
         Other AUM                                                                                                                      82,843           80,609               92,860
         Other AUA                                                                                                                   1,894,228        1,841,725            1,562,088
    Empower AUA                                                                                                               $      2,257,654 $      2,196,416 $          1,917,331

    PanAgora - other AUM                                                                                                      $         46,117 $          45,164 $            43,897
    Discontinued operations - other AUM                                                                                                     —                 —              184,309

    Subtotal                                                                                                                  $      2,303,771 $      2,241,580 $          2,145,537

      Add: Other AUM consolidated adjustment                                                                                  $           (69) $          (1,922) $           (30,895)
      Add: Other balance sheet assets                                                                                                   39,267            39,636              37,906

      Consolidated United States balance sheet assets                                                                         $        319,850 $        313,718 $            300,289
      Consolidated United States other AUM                                                                                             128,891          123,851              290,171
      Consolidated United States other AUA                                                                                           1,894,228        1,841,725            1,562,088
    Total United States AUA                                                                                                   $      2,342,969 $      2,279,294 $          2,152,548




                                                                                                Great-West Lifeco Inc. Second Quarter 2024 Management's Discussion and Analysis      40


                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                        B  41
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis



                                  Europe
                                                                                                                                                    June 30               March 31            June 30
                                                                                                                                                     2024                  2024                2023
                                      Europe wealth and investment only AUA
                                       Segregated fund assets                                                                                 $          155,289 $                150,177 $      135,542
                                       Other AUM                                                                                                          69,755                   67,376         58,228
                                       Other AUA                                                                                                          13,213                   12,772         11,555
                                      Total Europe wealth and investment only AUA                                                             $          238,257 $                230,325 $      205,325

                                       Add: Other balance sheet assets                                                                        $           53,299 $                 53,406 $       48,812

                                       Consolidated Europe balance sheet assets                                                               $          208,588 $                203,583 $      184,354
                                       Consolidated Europe other AUM                                                                                      69,755                   67,376         58,228
                                       Consolidated Europe other AUA                                                                                      13,213                   12,772         11,555
                                  Total Europe AUA                                                                                            $          291,556 $                283,731 $      254,137

                                  Non-GAAP Ratios
                                  A non-GAAP ratio is a financial measure in the form of a ratio, fraction, percentage or similar representation that is not
                                  disclosed in the financial statements of the Company and has a non-GAAP financial measure as one or more of its components.
                                  These financial measures do not have a standardized definition under IFRS and might not be comparable to similar financial
                                  measures disclosed by other issuers.
                                  The non-GAAP ratios disclosed by the Company each use base earnings (loss) as the non-GAAP component. Base earnings
                                  (loss) reflect management’s view of the underlying business performance of the Company and provides an alternate measure




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  to understand the underlying business performance compared to IFRS net earnings.
                                  •      Base dividend payout ratio - Dividends paid to common shareholders are divided by base earnings (loss).
                                  •      Base earnings per share - Base earnings (loss) for the period is divided by the number of average common shares
                                         outstanding for the period.
                                  •      Base earnings per share (diluted) - Base earnings (loss) for the period is divided by the number of average common
                                         shares outstanding on a diluted basis for the period.
                                  •      Base return on equity - Base earnings (loss) for the trailing four quarters are divided by the average common
                                         shareholders' equity over the trailing four quarters. This measure provides an indicator of business unit profitability.
                                  •      Cost of management ratio - Compares the amount paid by the Company to compensate its Named Executive Officers
                                         (NEOs) relative to the Company’s base earnings for the same period. Calculated by dividing total annual compensation
                                         paid to NEOs (as disclosed in the Executive Compensation section of the Company’s management proxy circular) by base
                                         earnings for the year.
                                  •      Effective income tax rate - base earnings - common shareholders - Calculated by adjusting the Company's reported
                                         income taxes and net earnings before income taxes attributable to common shareholders to remove the impact of items
                                         excluded from base earnings, to calculate the effective tax rates for common shareholders.
                                  •      Price/base earnings ratio - The Company's closing share price divided by its base earnings per share on a trailing four
                                         quarter basis.

                                  Glossary
                                  •      Assumption changes and management actions - The net earnings impact of: (i) revisions to the methodologies and
                                         assumptions used in the measurement of the Company’s assets, insurance contract liabilities and investment contract
                                         liabilities, and (ii) actions taken by management in the current reporting period which include, but are not limited to,
                                         changes in in-force product features (including prices), and new or revised reinsurance deals on in-force business.
                                         Assumption changes and management actions are excluded from base earnings.
                                  •      Business transformation impacts - Business transformation impacts include acquisition and divestiture costs as well as
                                         restructuring and integration costs.
                                  •      Book value per common share - Measure is calculated by dividing Lifeco's common shareholders' equity by the number
                                         of common shares outstanding at the end of the period.
                                  •      Contractual service margin (CSM) - The CSM of a group of insurance contracts represents the unearned profit that the
                                         Company expects to recognize in the future as it provides services under those contracts. On initial recognition of a group

                                                                                                                Great-West Lifeco Inc. Second Quarter 2024 Management's Discussion and Analysis         41


                                          B  42                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
Management's Discussion and Analysis


    of insurance contracts, if the total of the fulfillment cash flows, any derecognized assets for insurance acquisition cash
    flows, and any cash flows arising at that date is a net inflow, the group of contracts is non-onerous. In this case, the CSM is
    measured as the equal and opposite amount of the net inflow, which results in no net income or expenses arising on initial
    recognition.
•   Common shareholders' equity - A financial measure comprised of the following items from Lifeco's balance sheet: share
    capital - common shares, accumulated surplus, accumulated other comprehensive income and contributed surplus.
•   Dividend payout ratio - Dividends paid to common shareholders are divided by net earnings - common shareholders.
•   Drivers of earnings (DOE) - Drivers of earnings analysis provides additional detail on the primary sources of Lifeco's
    earnings and is a consistent presentation across Canadian insurance industry peers. The DOE view presents net earnings
    attributable to common shareholders, comprising base earnings on a DOE basis and items excluded from base earnings.
    For base insurance service result, the DOE view provides detail on expected insurance earnings, the impact of new
    business and experience gains and losses. For base net investment result, the DOE view provides detail on expected
    investment earnings, credit experience, trading activity and earnings on surplus. Base other income and expenses are
    presented separately in the DOE view with additional detail on net fee and spread income, non-directly attributable and
    other expenses, income taxes on base earnings, non-controlling interests, preferred dividends and other items.
•   Financial leverage ratio - Defined as debt, hybrid securities, and preferred shares divided by total consolidated
    capitalization. The denominator also includes the after-tax non-participating CSM balance in the denominator, other than
    CSM associated with segregated fund guarantees. This reflects that the CSM represents future profit and is considered
    available capital under LICAT.
•   General Measurement Model (GMM) - The Company applies this measurement model to all IFRS 17 contracts not
    measured under the PAA or VFA measurement models.
•   Group life and health book premiums - For group life and health insurance, this measure represents the value of in-force




                                                                                                                                                                           PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
    premiums at the end of the reporting period.
•   Impact of currency movement (constant currency basis) - Items impacting the Company's Consolidated Statements of
    Earnings, such as income and benefits and expenses and net earnings, are translated into Canadian dollars at an average
    rate for the period. These measures highlight the impact of changes in currency translation rates on Canadian dollar
    equivalent IFRS results and have been calculated using the average rates, as shown below, in effect at the date of the
    comparative period. These measures provide useful information as it facilitates the comparability of results between
    periods.

                                                                                                    Period ended
                                                                                      June 30, 2024                June 30, 2023
                                United States dollar                                         1.37                       1.34
                                British pound                                                1.73                       1.68
                                Euro                                                         1.47                       1.46
•   Market experience relative to expectations - The net earnings impact related to the direct equity and interest rate market
    impacts on insurance and investment contract liabilities, net of hedging, and related deferred tax liabilities, which
    includes:
    •   the impact of hedge ineffectiveness related to segregated fund guarantee liabilities that are hedged and the
        performance of the related hedge assets;
    •   the impact on segregated fund guarantee liabilities not hedged;
    •   the market-related impacts that are different than expectations on surplus assets, general account assets and the
        insurance and investment contract liabilities they support; and
    •   other market impacts on general account assets and the insurance and investment contract liabilities they support
        that cannot be attributed to expectations within the period.
•   Net cash flows and net flows - Indicator of the Company's ability to attract and retain business. Net cash flows and net
    asset flows are measured by the following:
    •   Canada wealth management net cash flows include cash inflows and outflows related to segregated fund assets and
        proprietary and non-proprietary mutual funds.
    •   Europe wealth and investment only net cash flows include cash inflows and outflows related to segregated fund assets,
        proprietary mutual funds and institutional assets as well as other assets under administration.



                                                                                    Great-West Lifeco Inc. Second Quarter 2024 Management's Discussion and Analysis   42


                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                        B  43
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis


                                      •      Empower net cash flows include cash inflows and outflows related to segregated fund assets, general fund assets,
                                             proprietary and non-proprietary mutual funds as well as other assets under management.
                                      •      PanAgora net flows include institutional sales and redemptions.
                                  •   Net earnings from continuing operations - Defined as net earnings - common shareholders less net earnings (loss) from
                                      discontinued operations and the net gain from disposal of discontinued operations. The discontinued operations
                                      represent the results of Putnam Investments. On January 1, 2024, Lifeco completed the previously announced sale of
                                      Putnam Investments to Franklin Resources, Inc., operating as "Franklin Templeton".
                                  •   Office of the Superintendent of Financial Institutions Canada (OSFI) - Is an independent Canadian federal government
                                      agency that regulates and supervises federally regulated financial institutions and pension plans to determine whether
                                      they are in sound financial condition and meeting their requirements.
                                  •   Other assets under administration - Includes assets where the Company only provides administration services for which
                                      the Company earns fees and other income. These assets are beneficially owned by the clients and the Company does not
                                      direct the investing activities. Services provided relating to assets under administration include recordkeeping,
                                      safekeeping, collecting investment income, settling of transactions or other administrative services. Administrative
                                      services are an important aspect of the overall business of the Company and should be considered when comparing
                                      volumes, size and trends.
                                  •   Other assets under management - Includes external client funds where the Company has oversight of the investment
                                      policies. Services provided in respect of proprietary mutual funds and institutional assets include the selection of
                                      investments, the provision of investment advice and discretionary portfolio management on behalf of clients.
                                  •   Premium Allocation Approach (PAA) - The Company applies this IFRS 17 measurement model to contracts with
                                      coverage periods of one year or less and those that are relatively stable and have low variability in fulfillment cash flows.
                                      Low variability in fulfillment cash flows indicates that no significant difference in measurement exists when compared to




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                      the general measurement model (GMM).
                                  •   Price/book value ratio - The Company's closing share price divided by its book value per share.
                                  •   Price/earnings ratio - The Company's closing share price divided by its net earnings per share on a trailing four quarter
                                      basis.
                                  •   Return on equity (ROE) - continuing operations - Net earnings from continuing operations for the trailing four quarters
                                      are divided by the average common shareholders' equity over the trailing four quarters. This measure provides an
                                      indicator of business unit profitability.
                                  •   Sales - Sales are measured according to product type:
                                      •      For risk-based insurance and annuity products, sales include 100% of single premium and annualized premiums
                                             expected in the first twelve months of the plan.
                                      •      Group insurance and ASO sales reflect annualized premiums and premium equivalents for new policies and new
                                             benefits covered or expansion of coverage on existing policies.
                                      •      For individual wealth management products, sales include deposits on segregated fund products, proprietary mutual
                                             funds and institutional accounts as well as deposits on non-proprietary mutual funds.
                                      •      For group wealth management products, sales include assets transferred from previous plan providers and the
                                             expected annual contributions from the new plan.
                                  •   Segmented common shareholders' equity - The Company has a capital allocation methodology, which allocates
                                      financing costs in proportion to allocated capital. For the Canada, Europe and Capital and Risk Solutions segments
                                      (essentially Canada Life), this allocation method generally tracks the regulatory capital requirements, while for Empower
                                      and Putnam, it tracks the financial statement carrying value of the business units. Total leverage capital is consistently
                                      allocated across all business units in proportion to total capital resulting in a debt-to-equity ratio in each business unit
                                      mirroring the consolidated Company.
                                      The capital allocation methodology allows the Company to calculate comparable ROE for each business unit. These ROEs
                                      are therefore based on the capital the business unit has been allocated and the financing charges associated with that
                                      capital. IFRS does not prescribe the calculation of ROE and therefore a comparable measure under IFRS is not available.
                                  •   Variable Fee Approach (VFA) - The Company applies this IFRS 17 measurement model to contracts with direct
                                      participating features such as participating insurance and segregated fund business with insurance guarantees, where an
                                      investment return is provided to the policyholder based on a defined pool of items (e.g., a portfolio of assets).


                                                                                                             Great-West Lifeco Inc. Second Quarter 2024 Management's Discussion and Analysis   43


                                          B  44                                P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
Management's Discussion and Analysis



Disclosure Controls and Procedures
The Company’s disclosure controls and procedures are designed to provide reasonable assurance that information relating to
the Company which is required to be disclosed in reports filed under provincial and territorial securities legislation is: (a)
recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the provincial and territorial securities
legislation, and (b) accumulated and communicated to the Company's senior management, including the President and Chief
Executive Officer and the Executive Vice-President and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions
regarding required disclosure.

Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
The Company’s internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with IFRS. The Company’s
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting. All internal
control systems have inherent limitations and may become ineffective because of changes in conditions. Therefore, even those
systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and
presentation.
There have been no changes during the six months ended June 30, 2024 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to
materially affect, the Company's internal control over financial reporting.

Transactions with Related Parties
On May 6, 2024, the Company announced it had entered into a new long-term strategic partnership with Power Sustainable
Manager Inc. (Power Sustainable), a climate-focused investment manager and subsidiary of the Company's parent, Power
Corporation of Canada. Under the transaction, the Company has become a minority shareholder in Power Sustainable with an
ownership share of slightly below 20% on a fully diluted basis. The Company has agreed to invest in certain funds across Power
Sustainable's investment strategies in the future.




                                                                                                                                                                                             PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
Otherwise, related party transactions have not changed materially from December 31, 2023.

Quarterly Financial Information
    Quarterly financial information
    (in $ millions, except per share amounts)
                                                                                          2024                                         2023                        2022 (Restated)
                                                                                    Q2             Q1             Q4            Q3            Q2         Q1        Q4              Q3
    Insurance revenue                                                           $    5,273 $       5,250 $        5,174 $        5,110 $       5,081 $   5,037 $    5,442 $        4,648
    Net investment income                                                            2,409         2,340          2,431          2,271         2,061     2,101      2,085          2,027
    Changes in fair value on FVTPL assets                                             (864)       (1,385)       11,042         (5,457)        (2,668)    3,572      1,351      (7,399)
    Fee and other income                                                             1,794         1,672          1,558          1,450         1,466     1,400      1,372          1,280
    Total revenue1                                                              $    8,612 $       7,877 $ 20,205 $              3,374 $       5,940 $ 12,110 $ 10,250 $            556

    Net earnings from continuing operations2
         Total                                                                  $    1,005 $       1,031 $           743 $           936 $       569 $    614 $       478 $         986
         Basic - per share                                                            1.08           1.10           0.80             1.01       0.61      0.66       0.51           1.06
         Diluted - per share                                                          1.08           1.10           0.79             1.00       0.61      0.66       0.51           1.06

    Net earnings - Common Shareholders
         Total                                                                  $    1,005 $         960 $          740 $            905 $      498 $     595 $      452 $          987
         Basic - per share                                                            1.08           1.03           0.79             0.97       0.53      0.64       0.48           1.06
         Diluted - per share                                                          1.08           1.03           0.79             0.97       0.53      0.64       0.48           1.06

1
     Total revenue and its components exclude revenue from discontinued operations related to Putnam Investments.
2
     Refer to the "Glossary" section of this document for additional details on the composition of this measure.

Total revenue
Total revenue for the second quarter of 2024 was $8,612 million and comprises insurance revenue of $5,273 million ($5,081
million for the same quarter last year), net investment income of $2,409 million ($2,061 million for the same quarter last year),
changes in fair value through profit or loss on investment assets of negative $864 million (changes of negative $2,668 million for
the same quarter last year) and fee and other income of $1,794 million ($1,466 million for the same quarter last year).




                                                                                                 Great-West Lifeco Inc. Second Quarter 2024 Management's Discussion and Analysis        44


                                     P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                        B  45
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis



                                  Insurance revenue
                                  Insurance revenue for the second quarter of 2024 was $5,273 million, an increase of $192 million compared to the same quarter
                                  last year, primarily due to favourable group experience in the U.K.
                                  Total net investment income
                                  Total net investment income for the second quarter of 2024 was $1,545 million, an increase of $2,152 million compared to the
                                  same quarter last year. The changes in fair value in the second quarter of 2024 were a decrease of $864 million compared to a
                                  decrease of $2,668 million in the second quarter of 2023, primarily due to a smaller increase in bond yields across all
                                  geographies in the current period compared to last year. Net investment income in the second quarter of 2024 of $2,409
                                  million, which excludes changes in fair value through profit or loss, increased $348 million compared to the same quarter last
                                  year, primary due to the same reason discussed for the changes in fair value results.
                                  Fee and other income
                                  Fee and other income for the second quarter of 2024 was $1,794 million, an increase of $328 million compared to the same
                                  quarter last year, primarily due to additions of IPC and Value Partners and growth in administrative services only (ASO) fees in
                                  the Canada segment, higher assets under administration due to higher equity market levels, adjustments related to the
                                  Prudential acquisition and overall growth in the U.S. segment as well as higher management fees from higher average assets
                                  under administration in the Europe segment.
                                  Net earnings
                                  Lifeco's consolidated net earnings attributable to common shareholders were $1,005 million for the second quarter of 2024
                                  compared to $498 million for the same quarter last year. On a per share basis, this represents $1.08 per common share ($1.08
                                  diluted) for the second quarter of 2024 compared to $0.53 per common share ($0.53 diluted) a year ago.

                                  Translation of Foreign Currency
                                  Through its operating subsidiaries, Lifeco conducts business in multiple currencies. The four primary currencies are the




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  Canadian dollar, the U.S. dollar, the British pound and the euro. Throughout this document, foreign currency assets and
                                  liabilities are translated into Canadian dollars at the market rate at the end of the reporting period. All income and expense
                                  items are translated at an average rate for the period. The rates employed are:

                                  Period ended                                                  June 30             Mar. 31              Dec. 31           Sept. 30          June 30     Mar. 31
                                                                                                   2024               2024                 2023               2023             2023        2023
                                   United States dollar
                                   Balance sheet                                          $          1.37 $              1.35 $              1.33 $             1.36 $         1.32 $        1.35
                                   Income and expenses                                    $          1.37 $              1.35 $              1.36 $             1.34 $         1.34 $        1.35

                                   British pound
                                   Balance sheet                                          $          1.73 $              1.71 $              1.69 $             1.66 $         1.68 $        1.67
                                   Income and expenses                                    $          1.73 $              1.71 $              1.69 $             1.70 $         1.68 $        1.64

                                   Euro
                                   Balance sheet                                          $          1.47 $              1.46 $              1.46 $             1.44 $         1.45 $        1.47
                                   Income and expenses                                    $          1.47 $              1.46 $              1.47 $             1.46 $         1.46 $        1.45

                                  Additional Information
                                  Additional information relating to Lifeco, including Lifeco's most recent consolidated financial statements, CEO/CFO
                                  certification and Annual Information Form are available at www.sedarplus.com.




                                                                                                           Great-West Lifeco Inc. Second Quarter 2024 Management's Discussion and Analysis     45


                                       B  46                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
Consolidated Statements of Earnings (unaudited)



(in Canadian $ millions except per share amounts)                                   For the three months                                   For the six months
                                                                                       ended June 30                                         ended June 30
                                                                                  2024                         2023                     2024                     2023
Insurance service result
  Insurance revenue (note 8)                                            $                  5,273 $                      5,081       $          10,523 $                   10,118
  Insurance service expenses                                                              (4,057)                      (3,963)                 (8,124)                    (7,958)
  Net expense from reinsurance contracts                                                     (385)                          (415)                (771)                      (757)
                                                                                             831                            703                 1,628                      1,403
Net investment result
  Net investment income (note 5)                                                           2,409                        2,061                   4,749                      4,162
  Changes in fair value on fair value through profit or loss
    assets (note 5)                                                                          (864)                     (2,668)                 (2,249)                      904
                                                                                           1,545                            (607)               2,500                      5,066
  Net finance income (expenses) from insurance contracts                                     (209)                          631                  (182)                    (2,939)
  Net finance income (expenses) from reinsurance
    contracts                                                                                (114)                            (6)                (165)                       87
  Changes in investment contract liabilities                                                 (573)                          286                  (744)                    (1,596)
                                                                                             649                            304                 1,409                       618
Net investment result - insurance contracts on account
  of segregated fund policyholders
  Net investment income (loss)                                                               446                            914                 2,919                      2,635
  Net finance income (expenses) from insurance contracts                                     (446)                          (914)              (2,919)                    (2,635)
                                                                                               —                              —                    —                          —
Other income and expenses




                                                                                                                                                                                    PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
  Fee and other income                                                                     1,794                        1,466                   3,466                      2,866
  Operating and administrative expenses                                                   (1,729)                      (1,571)                 (3,432)                    (3,100)
  Amortization of finite life intangible assets                                              (103)                           (97)                (203)                      (187)
  Financing costs                                                                            (101)                          (104)                (201)                      (219)
  Restructuring and integration expenses (note 4)                                             (27)                           (19)                 (95)                       (45)
Earnings before income taxes                                                               1,314                            682                 2,572                      1,336
Income taxes (note 14)                                                                       229                             56                   398                        86
Net earnings from continuing operations before non-
   controlling interests                                                                   1,085                            626                 2,174                      1,250
Attributable to non-controlling interests                                                      47                            24                    73                          2
Net earnings from continuing operations before
  preferred share dividends                                                                1,038                            602                 2,101                      1,248
Preferred share dividends                                                                      33                            33                    65                        65
Net earnings from continuing operations                                                    1,005                            569                 2,036                      1,183
Net loss from discontinued operations                                                          —                             (71)                (115)                       (90)
Net gain from disposal of discontinued operations (note 3)                                     —                              —                    44                         —
Net earnings - common shareholders                                      $                  1,005 $                          498     $           1,965 $                    1,093
Earnings per common share (note 12)
  Basic                                                                 $                    1.08 $                         0.53    $            2.11 $                     1.17
  Diluted                                                               $                    1.08 $                         0.53    $            2.10 $                     1.17
Earnings per common share from continuing
  operations (note 12)
  Basic                                                                 $                    1.08 $                         0.61    $            2.18 $                     1.27
  Diluted                                                               $                    1.08 $                         0.61    $            2.18 $                     1.27




                                                                                        Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2024 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements        46


                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                         B  47
                                  Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (unaudited)



                                  (in Canadian $ millions)                                                     For the three months                                         For the six months
                                                                                                                  ended June 30                                               ended June 30
                                                                                                             2024                         2023                          2024                 2023
                                  Net earnings - common shareholders, before
                                    preferred dividends                                            $                  1,038 $                        531      $                  2,030 $             1,158
                                  Other comprehensive income (loss)
                                  Items that may be reclassified subsequently to
                                     Consolidated Statements of Earnings
                                    Unrealized foreign exchange gains (losses) on translation
                                      of foreign operations                                                             233                          (297)                           489              (153)
                                    Foreign exchange translation gains reclassified to
                                      earnings on disposal of foreign operations (note 3)                                 —                            —                             (211)              —
                                    Unrealized gains (losses) on hedges of the net investment
                                      in foreign operations                                                                 2                          36                             (62)             10
                                         Income tax (expense) benefit                                                       5                         (10)                            12                (8)
                                    Unrealized gains (losses) on bonds and mortgages at fair
                                      value through other comprehensive income                                              8                        (197)                            (34)             (12)
                                         Income tax (expense) benefit                                                      (3)                           3                              6              (40)
                                    Realized (gains) losses on bonds and mortgages at fair
                                      value through other comprehensive income (note 5)                                   19                         178                              38              214
                                         Income tax expense (benefit)                                                      (4)                          (4)                            (9)             (12)
                                    Unrealized gains (losses) on cash flow hedges                                        (33)                          33                             (33)             70
                                         Income tax (expense) benefit                                                       9                           (9)                             9              (19)
                                    Realized (gains) losses on cash flow hedges                                             9                         (18)                              4              (47)
                                         Income tax expense (benefit)                                                      (2)                           5                             (1)             13




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                    Non-controlling interests                                                            (26)                          54                             (11)             (40)
                                         Income tax (expense) benefit                                                       7                         (14)                              4              12
                                    Total items that may be reclassified                                                224                          (240)                           201               (12)
                                  Items that will not be reclassified to Consolidated
                                     Statements of Earnings
                                    Unrealized gains (losses) on stocks at fair value through
                                      other comprehensive income                                                        (249)                          —                             (321)              —
                                         Income tax (expense) benefit                                                     64                           —                              83                —
                                    Re-measurements on defined benefit pension and other
                                      post-employment benefit plans                                                       90                            (9)                          258               (66)
                                         Income tax (expense) benefit                                                    (24)                            4                            (70)             19
                                    Non-controlling interests                                                              (8)                           1                            (21)               5
                                         Income tax (expense) benefit                                                       2                          —                                6               (1)
                                    Total items that will not be reclassified                                           (125)                           (4)                           (65)             (43)
                                  Total other comprehensive income (loss)                                                 99                         (244)                           136               (55)
                                  Comprehensive income                                             $                  1,137 $                        287      $                  2,166 $             1,103




                                                                                                                   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2024 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements       47


                                       B  48                                         P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
Consolidated Balance Sheets (unaudited)


(in Canadian $ millions)                                                                                                             June 30                December 31
                                                                                                                                      2024                     2023
Assets
Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                     $               8,582 $                   7,742
Bonds (note 5)                                                                                                                              156,349                   157,051
Mortgage loans (note 5)                                                                                                                      38,355                    38,414
Stocks (note 5)                                                                                                                              17,420                    15,733
Investment properties (note 5)                                                                                                                7,910                     7,870
                                                                                                                                            228,616                   226,810

Insurance contract assets (note 9)                                                                                                            1,315                     1,193
Reinsurance contract held assets (note 9)                                                                                                    17,180                    17,332
Assets held for sale (note 3)                                                                                                                    —                      4,467
Goodwill                                                                                                                                     11,377                    11,249
Intangible assets                                                                                                                             4,532                     4,484
Derivative financial instruments                                                                                                              1,911                     2,219
Owner occupied properties                                                                                                                       747                       731
Fixed assets                                                                                                                                    328                       335
Accounts and interest receivable                                                                                                              5,290                     4,863
Other assets                                                                                                                                 15,808                    14,483
Current income taxes                                                                                                                            296                       260
Deferred tax assets                                                                                                                           1,931                     1,848
Investments on account of segregated fund policyholders (note 10)                                                                           460,231                   422,956
Total assets                                                                                                                  $             749,562 $                 713,230

Liabilities
Insurance contract liabilities (note 9)                                                                                       $             145,282 $                 144,388
Investment contract liabilities                                                                                                              87,070                    88,919




                                                                                                                                                                                  PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
Reinsurance contract held liabilities (note 9)                                                                                                  731                       648
Liabilities held for sale (note 3)                                                                                                               —                      2,407
Debentures and other debt instruments                                                                                                         9,142                     9,046
Derivative financial instruments                                                                                                              1,686                     1,288
Accounts payable                                                                                                                              2,667                     3,216
Other liabilities                                                                                                                            10,965                     9,587
Current income taxes                                                                                                                            203                       137
Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                                                        715                       787
Insurance contracts on account of segregated fund policyholders (note 9)                                                                     62,473                    60,302
Investment contracts on account of segregated fund policyholders                                                                            397,758                   362,654
Total liabilities                                                                                                                           718,692                   683,379

Equity
Non-controlling interests
   Participating account surplus in subsidiaries                                                                                               2,945                      2,847
   Non-controlling interests in subsidiaries                                                                                                      69                        168
Shareholders' equity
   Share capital
         Limited recourse capital notes                                                                                                       1,500                     1,500
         Preferred shares                                                                                                                     2,720                     2,720
         Common shares (note 11)                                                                                                              6,024                     6,000
   Accumulated surplus                                                                                                                       16,381                    15,492
   Accumulated other comprehensive income                                                                                                     1,026                       890
   Contributed surplus                                                                                                                          205                       234
Total equity                                                                                                                                 30,870                    29,851
Total liabilities and equity                                                                                                  $             749,562 $                 713,230




                                                                                        Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2024 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements      48


                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                         B  49
                                  Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity (unaudited)



                                  (in Canadian $ millions)                                                                                         June 30, 2024
                                                                                                                                             Accumulated
                                                                                                                                                 other                                  Non-
                                                                                                   Share            Contributed Accumulated comprehensive                            controlling         Total
                                                                                                  capital             surplus     surplus    income (loss)                            interests         equity
                                  Balance, beginning of year                                  $        10,220 $                234 $            15,492 $                    890 $           3,015 $       29,851
                                  Net earnings - common shareholders, before
                                    preferred dividends                                                      —                   —               2,030                        —                 73         2,103
                                  Other comprehensive income                                                 —                   —                    —                     136                 22           158
                                                                                                       10,220                  234              17,522                    1,026             3,110         32,112
                                  Dividends to shareholders
                                    Preferred shareholders (note 12)                                         —                   —                   (65)                     —                 —                (65)
                                    Common shareholders                                                      —                   —               (1,035)                      —                 —          (1,035)
                                  Shares exercised and issued under share-based
                                    payment plans (note 11)                                                  31                  (2)                  —                       —                     3            32
                                  Shares purchased and cancelled under normal
                                    course issuer bid (note 11)                                              (48)                —                    —                       —                 —                (48)
                                  Excess of redemption proceeds over stated capital
                                    per normal course issuer bid (note 11)                                   41                  —                   (41)                     —                 —                —
                                  Impact of sale of discontinued operations                                  —                  (32)                  —                       —                (99)          (131)
                                  Share-based payment plans expense                                          —                    5                   —                       —                 —                  5
                                  Balance, end of period                                      $        10,244 $                205 $            16,381 $                  1,026 $           3,014 $       30,870

                                                                                                                                                   June 30, 2023
                                                                                                                                                              Accumulated




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                                                                                                                                                  other                  Non-
                                                                                                   Share            Contributed        Accumulated           comprehensive            controlling        Total
                                                                                                   capital            surplus            surplus              income (loss)            interests        equity
                                  Balance, beginning of year                                  $        10,011 $                209 $            14,976 $                    713 $           2,886 $       28,795
                                  Impact of initial application of IFRS 9                                    —                   —                   (33)                       3               —                (30)
                                  Revised balance, beginning of year                                   10,011                  209              14,943                      716             2,886         28,765
                                  Net earnings - common shareholders, before
                                    preferred dividends                                                      —                   —               1,158                        —                     2      1,160
                                  Other comprehensive income (loss)                                          —                   —                    —                      (55)               24               (31)
                                                                                                       10,011                  209              16,101                      661             2,912         29,894
                                  Dividends to shareholders
                                    Preferred shareholders (note 12)                                         —                   —                   (65)                     —                 —                (65)
                                    Common shareholders                                                      —                   —                 (969)                      —                 —            (969)
                                  Shares exercised and issued under share-based
                                    payment plans (note 11)                                                  71                 (40)                  —                       —                 33               64
                                  Shares purchased and cancelled under normal
                                    course issuer bid (note 11)                                              (94)                —                    —                       —                 —                (94)
                                  Equity settlement of Putnam share-based plans                              —                   —                    —                       —                 (8)               (8)
                                  Excess of redemption proceeds over stated capital
                                    per normal course issuer bid (note 11)                                   78                  —                   (78)                     —                 —                —
                                  Shares cancelled under Putnam share-based plans                            —                    3                   —                       —                 (3)              —
                                  Share-based payment plans expense                                          —                   39                   —                       —                 —                39
                                  Acquisition of non-controlling interest in subsidiary                      —                   —                   (52)                     —                (35)              (87)
                                  Dilution loss on non-controlling interests                                 —                   —                   (27)                     —                 27               —
                                  Balance, end of period                                      $       10,066 $                 211 $            14,910 $                    661 $           2,926 $       28,774




                                                                                                                        Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2024 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements            49


                                        B  50                                             P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (unaudited)



    (in Canadian $ millions)                                                                                                                    For the six months
                                                                                                                                                  ended June 30
                                                                                                                                            2024                     2023 1
    Operations
      Earnings before income taxes                                                                                                 $                2,412 $                     1,221
      Income taxes paid, net of refunds received                                                                                                      (375)                       (248)
      Adjustments:
         Change in insurance contract liabilities                                                                                                     (424)                      1,619
         Change in investment contract liabilities                                                                                                  (4,360)                     (3,066)
         Change in reinsurance contract held liabilities                                                                                                72                         85
         Change in reinsurance contract held assets                                                                                                    551                        522
         Change in insurance contract assets                                                                                                          (110)                       (299)
         Changes in fair value through profit or loss                                                                                               2,249                         (904)
         Sales, maturities and repayments of portfolio investments                                                                                 21,226                      20,182
         Purchases of portfolio investments                                                                                                       (19,162)                     (17,223)
         Other                                                                                                                                        (291)                       663
                                                                                                                                                    1,788                       2,552
    Financing Activities
      Issue of common shares                                                                                                                            31                         71
      Purchased and cancelled common shares                                                                                                            (48)                        (94)
      Repayment of euro denominated debt                                                                                                                —                         (735)
      Decrease in line of credit of subsidiaries                                                                                                       (60)                       (468)




                                                                                                                                                                                          PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
      Dividends paid on common shares                                                                                                               (1,035)                       (969)
      Dividends paid on preferred shares                                                                                                               (65)                        (65)
                                                                                                                                                    (1,177)                     (2,260)
    Investment Activities
      Impact from sale of discontinued operations                                                                                                     (211)                         —
      Investment in associates and joint ventures                                                                                                     (108)                        (85)
                                                                                                                                                      (319)                        (85)

    Effect of changes in exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents                                                                                   173                         (68)
    Increase in cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                              465                        139
    Cash and cash equivalents from continuing and discontinued operations, beginning of year                                                        8,117                       7,290
    Cash and cash equivalents from continuing and discontinued operations, end of period                                           $                8,582 $                     7,429
    Less: Cash and cash equivalents from discontinued operations, end of period                                                                         —                         258
    Cash and cash equivalents from continuing operations, end of period                                                            $                8,582 $                     7,171


    Supplementary cash flow information
      Interest income received                                                                                                     $                3,816 $                     3,636
      Interest paid                                                                                                                                    154                        216
      Dividend income received                                                                                                                         262                        205

1
     The Company has reclassified certain comparative figures to conform to the current period's presentation. These classifications had no impact on the equity or net
     earnings of the Company.




                                                                                             Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2024 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements         50


                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                         B  51
                                  Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)


                                  (in Canadian $ millions except per share amounts and where otherwise indicated)

                                  1.   Corporate Information
                                  Great-West Lifeco Inc. (Lifeco or the Company) is a publicly listed company (Toronto Stock Exchange: GWO), incorporated
                                  and domiciled in Canada. The registered address of the Company is 100 Osborne Street North, Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada,
                                  R3C 1V3. Lifeco is a member of the Power Corporation of Canada (Power Corporation) group of companies and is a subsidiary
                                  of Power Corporation.
                                  Lifeco is a financial services holding company with interests in the life insurance, health insurance, retirement savings, wealth
                                  and asset management, and reinsurance businesses, primarily in Canada, the United States and Europe through its operating
                                  subsidiaries including The Canada Life Assurance Company (Canada Life) and Empower Annuity Insurance Company of
                                  America (Empower).
                                  The condensed consolidated interim unaudited financial statements (financial statements) of the Company as at and for the
                                  three and six months ended June 30, 2024 were approved by the Board of Directors on August 6, 2024.

                                  2.   Basis of Presentation and Summary of Material Accounting Policies
                                  These financial statements should be read in conjunction with the Company's December 31, 2023 consolidated annual audited
                                  financial statements and notes thereto.
                                  The financial statements of the Company at June 30, 2024 have been prepared in compliance with the requirements of
                                  International Accounting Standard (IAS) 34, Interim Financial Reporting as issued by the International Accounting Standards
                                  Board (IASB) using the same accounting policies and methods of computation followed in the consolidated annual audited
                                  financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2023 except as described below.




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  Changes in Accounting Policies
                                  The Company adopted the amendments to International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) for IAS 7, Statement of Cash
                                  Flows, IFRS 7, Financial Instruments: Disclosures, and IFRS 16, Leases effective January 1, 2024. The adoption of these
                                  amendments did not have a material impact on the Company's financial statements.
                                  Use of Significant Judgments, Estimates and Assumptions
                                  In preparation of these financial statements, management is required to make significant judgments, estimates and
                                  assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, net earnings and related disclosures. Although some
                                  uncertainty is inherent in these judgments and estimates, management believes that the amounts recorded are reasonable. Key
                                  sources of estimation uncertainty and areas where significant judgments have been made are further described in the relevant
                                  accounting policies as described in note 2 of the Company's December 31, 2023 consolidated annual audited financial
                                  statements and notes thereto.




                                                                                                            Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2024 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements   51


                                       B  52                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)



Future Accounting Policies
The Company actively monitors changes in IFRS, both proposed and released, by the IASB for potential impact on the
Company. The following sets out standards released and updates to the Company’s analysis since the year ended December 31,
2023:

New Standard                                               Summary of Future Changes
IFRS 18 – Presentation and Disclosure in                   In April 2024, the IASB published IFRS 18, Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements
Financial Statements                                       (IFRS 18). The standard aims to improve how companies communicate information in their
                                                           financial statements, with a focus on information about financial performance in the statement of
                                                           earnings.
                                                           IFRS 18 will require companies to:
                                                                  •      Provide defined subtotals in the statement of earnings;
                                                                  •      Disclose information for any management-defined performance measures related to the
                                                                         statement of earnings; and
                                                                  •      Implement principles for the grouping of information in the financial statements, and
                                                                         whether to provide it in the primary financial statements or notes.

                                                           The standard is effective for annual reporting periods beginning on or after January 1, 2027, with
                                                           earlier application permitted. The Company is evaluating the impact of the adoption of this
                                                           standard.
IFRS 9 – Financial Instruments and IFRS 7 –                In May 2024, the IASB published amendments to IFRS 9, Financial Instruments and IFRS 7,
Financial Instruments: Disclosures                         Financial Instruments: Disclosures. The amendments clarify the classification of financial assets
                                                           with environmental, social and corporate governance and similar features, the settlement of
                                                           liabilities through electronic payment systems, and introduce additional disclosure requirements to
                                                           enhance transparency for investors.
                                                           These amendments are effective for annual reporting periods beginning on or after January 1,
                                                           2026, with earlier application permitted. The Company is evaluating the impact of the adoption of
                                                           these amendments.




                                                                                                                                                                                      PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
3.      Business Acquisitions and Other Transactions

(a) Sale of Putnam US Holdings I, LLC (Putnam Investments)
On January 1, 2024, the Company completed the sale of Putnam Investments to Franklin Resources, Inc., operating as Franklin
Templeton, in exchange for Franklin Templeton common shares, cash, and contingent consideration of up to U.S. $375 over a
five to seven-year period. The Company has retained its controlling interest in PanAgora Holdings Inc. and its subsidiary
PanAgora Asset Management Inc. (collectively PanAgora), a quantitative asset manager, and certain assets, including deferred
tax assets, related to Putnam Investments. The Company currently holds approximately 31,600,000 Franklin Templeton
common shares and will hold a majority of these shares for a minimum five-year period.
In the 2023 financial statements, the net earnings (loss) and cash flows of Putnam Investments were classified as discontinued
operations within the United States operating segment, and the related assets and liabilities were classified as held for sale.
Financial information relating to the sale of the discontinued operation is set out below, reflecting total estimated fair value of
consideration of $1,909. Included in the results for the six months ended June 30, 2024 are $115 of closing costs and final
adjustments to the carrying value, resulting in a net gain on sale of $44 after-tax.
Details of the Sale of Putnam Investments

                                                                                                                                                               January 1, 2024
Consideration received or receivable
     Fair value of Franklin Templeton Common Shares (U.S. $29.79 per share)                                                     $                1,321
     Net cash and other deferred and contingent consideration                                                                                       588
     Non-controlling interest in sale of Putnam Investments                                                                                        (123)
     Total net proceeds on disposal of Putnam Investments                                                                                                  $                1,786
Net carrying value of net assets sold
     Carrying value                                                                                                             $                2,010
     Foreign exchange translation gains reclassified to earnings on disposal of foreign operations                                                 (211)
Net carrying value of discontinued operations                                                                                                              $                1,799
                                                                                                                                                           $                  (13)
Income tax recovery                                                                                                                                                           57
Net gain on sale after income tax                                                                                                                          $                  44




                                                                                          Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2024 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements        52


                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                          B  53
                                  Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)



                                  (b) Acquisition of Investment Planning Counsel
                                  On November 30, 2023, Canada Life completed the acquisition of 100% of the equity of Investment Planning Counsel Inc., an
                                  independent wealth management firm, from IGM Financial Inc. (IGM) for total purchase consideration of $585. The
                                  acquisition extends Canada Life’s wealth management reach and capabilities. IGM is an affiliated company and a member of
                                  the Power Corporation group of companies. Therefore, the transaction was reviewed and approved by the Conduct Review
                                  Committee of each of the Company and Canada Life.
                                  The initial amounts assigned to the assets acquired, goodwill, and liabilities assumed on November 30, 2023, reported as at
                                  June 30, 2024 are as follows:

                                  Assets acquired and goodwill
                                    Cash                                                                                                                                      $               31
                                    Fixed assets                                                                                                                                               6
                                    Accounts receivable                                                                                                                                       33
                                    Other assets                                                                                                                                              273
                                    Current income taxes                                                                                                                                        1
                                    Goodwill                                                                                                                                                  583
                                  Total assets acquired and goodwill                                                                                                          $               927
                                  Liabilities assumed
                                    Accounts payable                                                                                                                          $                55
                                    Other liabilities                                                                                                                                         274
                                    Current income taxes                                                                                                                                        1
                                    Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                                                                   12
                                  Total liabilities assumed                                                                                                                   $               342




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  Accounting for the acquisition is not finalized, pending the completion of a comprehensive valuation of the net assets acquired.
                                  The financial statements as at June 30, 2024 reflect management’s current best estimate of the purchase price allocation. As at
                                  June 30, 2024, provisional amounts for intangible assets have not been separately identified and valued within the assets of the
                                  purchase price allocation, pending completion of the valuation exercise. Final valuation of the assets acquired and liabilities
                                  assumed and the completion of the purchase price allocation will occur by the fourth quarter of 2024.
                                  As a result, the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of net assets acquired, representing goodwill of $583 as at June
                                  30, 2024, will be adjusted in future periods.
                                  The goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of the net assets, representing the synergies or
                                  future economic benefits arising from other assets acquired that are not individually identified and separately recognized in the
                                  acquisition. These synergies represent meaningful expense and revenue opportunities which are expected to be accretive to
                                  earnings. The goodwill is not deductible for tax purposes.
                                  (c)   Acquisition of Value Partners
                                  On September 8, 2023, Canada Life completed the acquisition of 100% of the equity of Value Partners Group Inc., a Winnipeg
                                  based investment firm that serves clients with complex and sophisticated wealth needs. As at June 30, 2024, the accounting for
                                  the acquisition is not finalized, with the initial amount of $119 assigned to goodwill on the date of the acquisition to be
                                  adjusted, pending the completion of a comprehensive valuation of the net assets acquired. Final valuation of the assets
                                  acquired and liabilities assumed and the completion of the purchase price allocation will occur by the third quarter of 2024.
                                  (d) Strategic Relationship with Power Sustainable
                                  On May 6, 2024, the Company announced that it had agreed to enter into a long-term strategic partnership with Power
                                  Sustainable Manager Inc. (Power Sustainable), a climate-focused investment manager and a subsidiary of Power Corporation.
                                  Under the transaction, the Company became a minority shareholder in Power Sustainable, with an ownership share of slightly
                                  below 20% on a fully diluted basis, and has agreed to invest in certain funds across Power Sustainable’s investment strategies in
                                  the future. Power Corporation remains the controlling shareholder of Power Sustainable. Power Sustainable is a related party,
                                  therefore the transaction was reviewed and approved by the Company’s Conduct Review Committee. The investment in Power
                                  Sustainable is not material to the Company.




                                                                                                            Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2024 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements     53


                                        B  54                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)



4.          Restructuring and Integration Expenses

(a) Canada Restructuring
The Company recorded a restructuring provision of nil and $23 in Canada for the three and six months ended June 30, 2024,
respectively ($21 in the shareholder account and $2 in the participating account for the six months ended June 30, 2024). The
restructuring is related to the transitioning of some of the information technology operations functions to a managed service
arrangement with an external provider. As at June 30, 2024, the Company has a provision of $20 remaining in other liabilities
related to this restructuring. The Company expects to utilize a significant portion of these amounts during 2024.
(b) Empower Restructuring and Integration
The Company recorded a restructuring provision of $12 and $29 in the United States for the three and six months ended June
30, 2024, respectively ($5 for the three and six months ended June 30, 2023). The restructuring is primarily attributable to staff
reductions and other exit costs related to the Company's acquisition of the retirement services businesses of Massachusetts
Mutual Life Insurance Company and Prudential Financial, Inc. (Prudential). As at June 30, 2024, the Company has a provision
of $19 remaining in other liabilities related to this restructuring ($7 at December 31, 2023). The Company expects to pay out a
significant portion of these amounts during the year. The Company does not expect to incur further restructuring and
integration expenses associated with the Prudential acquisition during the year.
The Company recorded integration expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings of $15 and $43 for the three and six
months ended June 30, 2024, respectively ($23 and $49 for the three and six months ended June 30, 2023, respectively).

5.          Portfolio Investments

(a) Carrying Values and Estimated Fair Values of Portfolio Investments are as Follows:




                                                                                                                                                                                       PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                                                                               June 30, 2024                                    December 31, 2023
                                                                                 Carrying value                 Fair value              Carrying value             Fair value
    Bonds
      Fair value through profit or loss (FVTPL) - designated                 $               142,726 $                   142,726 $              143,506 $                 143,506
      FVTPL - mandatory                                                                         1,589                           1,589              1,795                       1,795
      Fair value through other comprehensive income (FVOCI)                                   12,034                       12,034                 11,750                      11,750
                                                                                             156,349                     156,349                157,051                   157,051
    Mortgage loans
      FVTPL - designated                                                                      28,846                       28,846                 29,211                      29,211
      FVTPL - mandatory                                                                         4,430                           4,430              4,203                       4,203
      FVOCI                                                                                        578                           578                  578                       578
      Amortized cost                                                                            4,501                           3,961              4,422                       3,923
                                                                                              38,355                       37,815                 38,414                      37,915
    Stocks
      FVTPL - mandatory                                                                       15,482                       15,482                 14,890                      14,890
                           1
      FVOCI - designated                                                                           966                           966                     —                        —
      Equity method                                                                                972                           917                  843                       777
                                                                                              17,420                       17,365                 15,733                      15,667
    Investment properties                                                                       7,910                           7,910              7,870                       7,870
    Total                                                                    $               220,034 $                   219,439 $              219,068 $                 218,503

1
     Represents Franklin Templeton common shares received on the sale of Putnam Investments.




                                                                                            Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2024 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements       54


                                P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                         B  55
                                  Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)



                                  (b) Net Investment Income Comprises the Following:
                                                                                                                         Mortgage                               Investment
                                  For the three months ended June 30, 2024                               Bonds            loans                Stocks            properties           Other           Total
                                  Net investment income:
                                    Investment income earned                                        $         1,764 $               374 $              167 $               127 $              90 $       2,522
                                    Net realized losses on derecognition of FVOCI assets                         (19)                 —                  —                   —                —               (19)
                                    Gains on derecognition of amortized cost assets                               —                    1                 —                   —                —                 1
                                    Net expected credit loss (ECL) recovery                                       —                    2                 —                   —                —                2
                                    Other income and expenses                                                     —                   —                  —                  (48)              (49)            (97)
                                                                                                              1,745                 377                167                  79                41         2,409
                                  Changes in fair value on FVTPL assets:
                                    FVTPL - designated                                                       (1,060)                187                  —                   —            191             (682)
                                    FVTPL - mandatory                                                              (5)               (75)                (80)                —                —           (160)
                                    Recorded at fair value                                                        —                   —                  —                  (22)              —               (22)
                                                                                                             (1,065)                112                  (80)               (22)          191             (864)
                                  Total                                                             $           680 $               489 $                87 $               57 $          232 $          1,545

                                                                                                                          Mortgage                              Investment
                                  For the three months ended June 30, 2023                               Bonds             loans                Stocks           properties           Other           Total
                                  Net investment income:
                                    Investment income earned                                        $         1,696 $               352 $              138 $               131 $                5 $      2,322
                                    Net realized losses on derecognition of FVOCI assets                        (178)                 —                  —                   —                —           (178)




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                    Gains on derecognition of amortized cost assets                               —                    8                 —                   —                —                 8
                                    Net ECL (charge) recovery                                                      (1)                 1                 —                   —                —                —
                                    Other income and expenses                                                     —                   —                  —                  (53)              (38)            (91)
                                                                                                              1,517                 361                138                  78                (33)       2,061
                                  Changes in fair value on FVTPL assets:
                                    FVTPL - designated                                                       (2,337)               (392)                 —                   —            216           (2,513)
                                    FVTPL - mandatory                                                             —                (189)               106                   —                —               (83)
                                    Recorded at fair value                                                        —                   —                  —                  (72)              —               (72)
                                                                                                             (2,337)               (581)               106                  (72)          216           (2,668)
                                  Total                                                             $           (820) $            (220) $             244 $                  6 $         183 $           (607)

                                                                                                                         Mortgage                               Investment
                                  For the six months ended June 30, 2024                                 Bonds            loans                Stocks            properties           Other           Total
                                  Net investment income:
                                    Investment income earned                                        $         3,423 $               747 $              333 $               251 $          221 $          4,975
                                    Net realized losses on derecognition of FVOCI assets                         (38)                 —                  —                   —                —               (38)
                                    Gains on derecognition of amortized cost assets                               —                    1                 —                   —                —                 1
                                    Net ECL recovery                                                              —                    4                 —                   —                —                4
                                    Other income and expenses                                                     —                   —                  —                  (94)              (99)        (193)
                                                                                                              3,385                 752                333                 157            122            4,749
                                  Changes in fair value on FVTPL assets:
                                    FVTPL - designated                                                       (2,634)                117                  —                   —            (114)         (2,631)
                                    FVTPL - mandatory                                                              (3)               (35)              508                   —                —               470
                                    Recorded at fair value                                                        —                   —                  —                  (88)              —               (88)
                                                                                                             (2,637)                  82               508                  (88)          (114)         (2,249)
                                  Total                                                             $           748 $               834 $              841 $                69 $                8 $      2,500




                                                                                                                    Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2024 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements             55


                                          B  56                                       P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)



                                                                                                Mortgage                            Investment
For the six months ended June 30, 2023                                         Bonds             loans                Stocks         properties       Other             Total
Net investment income:
     Investment income earned                                              $        3,276 $               697 $               244 $         251 $             81 $          4,549
     Net realized losses on derecognition of FVOCI assets                             (214)                 —                  —             —                —              (214)
     Gains on derecognition of amortized cost assets                                     —                   8                 —             —                —                  8
     Net ECL (charge) recovery                                                           (1)                 2                 —             —                —                  1
     Other income and expenses                                                           —                  —                  —            (99)              (83)           (182)
                                                                                    3,061                 707                 244           152                (2)          4,162
Changes in fair value on FVTPL assets:
     FVTPL - designated                                                                512                 (33)                —             —              341                 820
     FVTPL - mandatory                                                                   —               (100)                396            —                —                 296
     Recorded at fair value                                                              —                  —                  —           (212)              —              (212)
                                                                                       512               (133)                396          (212)            341                 904
Total                                                                      $        3,573 $               574 $               640 $         (60) $          339 $           5,066

Investment income from bonds and mortgages includes interest income, and premium and discount amortization. Investment
income from stocks includes dividends, distributions from private equity and equity income from the investment in IGM.
Investment properties income includes rental income earned on investment properties, ground rent income earned on leased
and sub-leased land, fee recoveries, lease cancellation income, and interest and other investment income earned on
investment properties. Other investment income includes foreign exchange gains and losses, income earned from derivative
financial instruments and other miscellaneous income.

6.      Risk Management




                                                                                                                                                                                       PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
The Company has policies relating to the identification, measurement, management, monitoring and reporting of risks
associated with financial instruments and insurance contracts. The key risks related to financial instruments are credit risk,
liquidity risk and market risk (currency, interest rate and equity). The Risk Committee of the Board of Directors is responsible
for the oversight of the Company's key risks. The Company's approach to risk management has not substantially changed from
that described in the Company's 2023 Annual Report. Certain risks have been outlined below. For a discussion of the
Company's risk governance structure and risk management approach see the "Risk Management" note in the Company's
December 31, 2023 consolidated annual audited financial statements.
The Company has also established policies and procedures designed to identify, measure and report all material risks.
Management is responsible for establishing capital management procedures for implementing and monitoring the capital
plan. The Board of Directors reviews and approves all capital transactions undertaken by management.
(a) Credit Risk
Credit risk is the risk of loss resulting from an obligor's potential inability or unwillingness to fully meet its contractual
obligations.
(i) Concentration of Credit Risk
Concentrations of credit risk arise from exposures to a single obligor, a group of related obligors or groups of obligors that have
similar credit risk characteristics and operate in the same geographic region or in similar industries. The characteristics are
similar in that changes in economic or political environments may impact their ability to meet obligations as they come due.
No significant changes have occurred from the year ended December 31, 2023.
(ii) Expected Credit Losses
The majority of the Company's financial assets are measured at FVTPL and therefore are not subject to the ECL model. The
ECL model only applies to FVOCI and amortized cost fixed income investments. The ECL allowance was $35 at June 30, 2024, of
which $4 was Stage 1, $27 was Stage 2 and $4 was Stage 3 ($37 at December 31, 2023, of which $4 was Stage 1, $29 was Stage 2
and $4 was Stage 3).
(iii) Credit Impact on Financial Assets Designated as FVTPL
The carrying value of the Company’s portfolio investments designated as FVTPL represents the maximum exposure to credit
risk for those assets. The change in fair value attributable to the change in credit risk of these assets is generally insignificant in
the absence of significant credit events occurring on specific assets.




                                                                                          Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2024 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements         56


                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                          B  57
                                  Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)


                                  A loss of $40 related to significant credit events occurring on assets designated as FVTPL is included in the Consolidated
                                  Statements of Earnings for the three and six months ended June 30, 2024; consisting of a fair value loss of $24 included in
                                  changes in fair value on FVTPL assets, and a loss of $16 included in changes in investment contract liabilities.
                                  Losses of $13 and $17 related to significant credit events occurring on assets designated as FVTPL are included in the
                                  Consolidated Statements of Earnings for the three and six months ended June 30, 2023, respectively; consisting of fair value
                                  losses included in changes in fair value on FVTPL assets.
                                  (b) Liquidity Risk
                                  Liquidity risk is the risk that the Company will not be able to meet all cash outflow obligations as they come due. The following
                                  policies and procedures are in place to manage this risk:
                                  •     The Company closely manages operating liquidity through cash flow matching of assets and liabilities and forecasting
                                        earned and required yields, to ensure consistency between policyholder requirements and the yield of assets.
                                  •     Management closely monitors the solvency and capital positions of its principal subsidiaries opposite liquidity
                                        requirements at the holding company. Additional liquidity is available through established lines of credit or via capital
                                        market transactions. The Company maintains committed lines of credit with Canadian chartered banks.
                                  (c)    Market Risk
                                  Market risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument and the value of insurance and
                                  investment contract liabilities will fluctuate as a result of changes in market factors which include three types: currency risk,
                                  interest rate (including related inflation) risk and equity risk.
                                  Caution Related to Risk Sensitivities
                                  These financial statements include estimates of sensitivities and risk exposure measures for certain risks, such as the sensitivity




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  due to specific changes in interest rate levels projected and market prices as at the valuation date. Actual results can differ
                                  significantly from these estimates for a variety of reasons including, but not limited to, changes in the Company’s asset or
                                  liability profile, changes in business mix, effective income tax rates, other market factors, differences in the actual exposure
                                  relative to broad market indices, variation in exposures by geography, and general limitations of the Company’s internal
                                  models.
                                  For these reasons, the sensitivities should only be viewed as directional estimates of the underlying sensitivities for the
                                  respective factors. Given the nature of these calculations, the Company cannot provide assurance that the actual impact on
                                  shareholders' net earnings will be as indicated.
                                  (i) Currency Risk
                                  Currency risk relates to the Company operating and holding financial instruments in different currencies. For the assets
                                  backing insurance and investment contract liabilities that are not matched by currency, changes in foreign exchange rates can
                                  expose the Company to the risk of foreign exchange losses not offset by liability decreases.
                                  •     A 10% weakening of the Canadian dollar against foreign currencies would be expected to increase non-participating
                                        insurance and investment contract liabilities and their supporting assets by approximately the same amount resulting in
                                        an immaterial immediate change to net earnings. A 10% strengthening of the Canadian dollar against foreign currencies
                                        would be expected to decrease non-participating insurance and investment contract liabilities and their supporting assets
                                        by approximately the same amount resulting in an immaterial immediate change in shareholders' net earnings.
                                  The Company has net investments in foreign operations. The Company’s debt obligations are denominated in Canadian
                                  dollars, euros, and U.S. dollars. In accordance with IFRS, foreign currency translation gains and losses from net investments in
                                  foreign operations, net of related hedging activities and tax effects, are recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income.
                                  Strengthening or weakening of the Canadian dollar spot rate compared to the U.S. dollar, British pound and euro spot rates
                                  impacts the Company’s total equity. Correspondingly, the Company’s book value per share and capital ratios monitored by
                                  rating agencies are also impacted.
                                  (ii) Interest Rate Risk
                                  Interest rate risk exists if asset and liability cash flows are not closely matched and interest rates change, causing a difference in
                                  the value of assets and the value of liabilities. The following policies and procedures are in place to mitigate the Company's
                                  exposure to interest rate risk:
                                  •     Interest rate risk is managed by investing in assets that are suitable for the products sold.
                                  •     The Company utilizes a formal process for managing the matching of assets and liabilities. This involves grouping general
                                        fund assets and liabilities into segments. Assets in each segment are managed in relation to the liabilities in the segment.


                                                                                                               Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2024 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements   57


                                         B  58                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)


•   For products with fixed and highly predictable benefit payments, investments are generally made in fixed income assets or
    investment properties whose cash flows closely match the liability product cash flows. Where assets are not available to
    match certain period cash flows, such as long-tail cash flows, a portion of these are invested in equities and other non-fixed
    income assets, while the rest are duration matched.
•   Hedging instruments are employed when there is a lack of suitable permanent investments or to manage the level of loss
    exposure to interest rate changes.
•   To the extent asset and liability cash flows are matched, protection against interest rate change is achieved and any change
    in the fair value of the assets will be offset by a similar change in the fair value of the liabilities.
•   For products with less predictable timing of benefit payments, investments are made in fixed income assets with cash flows
    of a shorter duration than the anticipated timing of benefit payments, or equities and other non-fixed income assets.
•   The risk associated with the mismatch in portfolio duration and cash flow, asset prepayment exposure and the pace of
    asset acquisition are quantified and reviewed regularly.
The impact to shareholders' net earnings from changes in the interest rates would be largely offset by changes in the value of
financial assets supporting the liabilities. However, differences in the interest rate sensitivity in the value of assets and the value
of insurance and investment contract liabilities leads to a sensitivity to interest rate movements in shareholders' net earnings
under IFRS 17, Insurance Contracts (IFRS 17) and IFRS 9, Financial Instruments (IFRS 9).
The Company's asset liability management strategy uses public equities and other non-fixed income assets as a component of
general fund assets supporting liabilities, which leads to interest rate exposure in the net earnings. Further, the classification of
financial assets under IFRS 9, such as mortgage assets in the United Kingdom which are carried at amortized cost and held in
the general fund assets supporting liabilities, also contributes to interest rate exposure in shareholders' net earnings.
The impact to shareholders' net earnings and equity from an immediate parallel 50 basis point increase or decrease in interest




                                                                                                                                                                               PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
rates is illustrated in the table below, rounded to the nearest $25:
Change in Market Yield Curves

                                                                                        June 30, 2024                                       December 31, 2023
                                                                       Increase 50 basis            Decrease 50 basis              Increase 50 basis     Decrease 50 basis
                                                                        points interest              points interest                 points interest      points interest
                                                                             rates                       rates                           rates                 rates
Shareholders' net earnings                                            $                     125 $                        (150) $                 175 $                 (225)
Shareholders' equity                                                                        100                          (150)                   150                   (225)

Actual impacts of interest rate changes will vary depending upon the geography where the changes occur. Net earnings are
positively impacted by a parallel increase in interest rates in Canada, United States and the United Kingdom, and are positively
impacted by a parallel decrease in interest rates in the eurozone. Actual impacts of interest rate changes also vary by the level of
change in interest rates by term. Therefore, actual impacts from interest rate changes may differ from the estimated impact of
parallel movements in all geographies, which is presented above.
The potential impact on shareholders' net earnings of the Company does not take into account any future potential changes to
the Company's ultimate investment rate (UIR) assumptions. As at both June 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the sensitivity of
shareholders' net earnings of the Company to a 10 basis point increase or decrease in the UIR in all geographies would be an
increase of $25 or a decrease of $25 post-tax, respectively.
The impact to shareholders' net earnings and equity from an immediate parallel 50 basis point increase or decrease in credit
spreads is illustrated in the table below, rounded to the nearest $25, with no change to the ultimate illiquidity premium:
Change in Credit Spreads

                                                                                        June 30, 2024                                       December 31, 2023
                                                                       Increase 50 basis            Decrease 50 basis              Increase 50 basis     Decrease 50 basis
                                                                         points credit                points credit                  points interest      points interest
                                                                            spreads                     spreads                          rates                 rates
Shareholders' net earnings                                            $                     225 $                        (275) $                 300 $                 (375)
Shareholders' equity                                                                        275                          (350)                   350                   (450)

Actual impacts of credit spread changes will vary depending on the geographies where the changes occur, and the changes in
credit spreads by term. A change in credit spreads may also lead to a change in the allowance for credit risk within the IFRS 17



                                                                                     Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2024 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements      58


                         P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                         B  59
                                  Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)


                                  discount rate, depending on prevailing market and credit conditions at the time; any potential earnings impacts that may arise
                                  from such a change are not reflected in the sensitivities above.
                                  (iii) Equity Risk
                                  Equity risk is the uncertainty associated with the valuation of assets and liabilities arising from changes in equity markets and
                                  other pricing risk. To mitigate this risk, the Company has investment policy guidelines in place that provide for prudent
                                  investment in equity markets within clearly defined limits. The risks associated with segregated fund guarantees on lifetime
                                  Guaranteed Minimum Withdrawal Benefits have been mitigated through a hedging program using equity futures, currency
                                  forwards, and interest rate derivatives.
                                  Some insurance and investment contract liabilities with long-tail cash flows are supported by publicly traded common stocks
                                  and investments in other non-fixed income assets, primarily comprised of investment properties, real estate funds, private
                                  stocks, and equity release mortgages. Shareholders' net earnings will reflect changes in the values of non-fixed income assets.
                                  However, in most cases the value of the liabilities will not fluctuate with changes in the value of the non-fixed income assets.
                                  The liabilities for segregated fund products with guarantees will fluctuate with changes in the value of the non-fixed income
                                  assets. Under current market conditions, there are no earnings impacts to the Company on segregated fund business that it
                                  does not hedge, as changes in the cost of guarantees are fully offset within the contractual service margin (CSM). For
                                  segregated fund business that the Company hedges, there is a limited earnings impact with respect to the change in liability
                                  versus the change in hedge assets.
                                  On January 1, 2024, the Company completed the sale of Putnam Investments and currently holds approximately 31,600,000
                                  Franklin Templeton common shares as part of the consideration, which are classified as FVOCI. The Company will hold a
                                  majority of these shares for a minimum five-year period.
                                  The following table provides information on the expected impacts of an immediate 10% or 20% increase or decrease in the
                                  value of publicly traded common stocks on the shareholders' net earnings and equity, rounded to the nearest $25:




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  Change in Publicly Traded Common Stock Values

                                                                                       June 30, 2024 1                                                                 December 31, 2023
                                                                   20%              10%               10%                  20%                   20%                   10%                 10%            20%
                                                                 increase         increase          decrease             decrease              increase              increase            decrease        decrease
                                      Shareholders' net
                                        earnings             $           125 $               50 $               (50) $             (125) $               225 $                100 $            (100) $         (225)
                                      Shareholders'
                                        equity                           575               275                (275)                (575)                 525                  250              (250)           (525)

                                  1
                                       The net impact of the sale of Putnam Investments and the receipt of Franklin Templeton common shares is reflected in the June 30, 2024 values in the table above. The
                                       Franklin Templeton common shares are measured at FVOCI and therefore unrealized gains and losses do not impact shareholders' net earnings. The after-tax impact on
                                       shareholders' equity of the Franklin Templeton common shares is approximately $75 for every 10% change in the common stock equity value.

                                  The following table provides information on the expected impacts of an immediate 5% or 10% increase or decrease in the value
                                  of other non-fixed income assets on the shareholders' net earnings and equity, rounded to the nearest $25:
                                  Change in Other Non-Fixed Income Asset Values

                                                                                        June 30, 2024                                                                  December 31, 2023
                                                                   10%              5%                5%                   10%                   10%                   5%                  5%              10%
                                                                 increase         increase          decrease             decrease              increase              increase            decrease        decrease
                                      Shareholders' net
                                        earnings             $           425 $             200 $              (225) $              (450) $               400 $                200 $            (200) $         (425)
                                      Shareholders'
                                        equity                           450               225                (225)                (475)                 450                  225              (225)           (450)




                                                                                                                           Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2024 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements          59


                                           B  60                                             P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)



7.   Fair Value Measurement
The Company’s assets and liabilities recorded at fair value have been categorized based upon the following fair value hierarchy:
Level 1: Fair value measurements utilize observable, quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or
liabilities that the Company has the ability to access. Assets and liabilities utilizing Level 1 inputs include actively exchange-
traded equity securities, exchange-traded futures, and mutual and segregated funds which have available prices in an active
market with no redemption restrictions.
Level 2: Fair value measurements utilize inputs other than quoted prices included in Level 1 that are observable for the asset or
liability, either directly or indirectly. Level 2 inputs include quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets, and
inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability, such as interest rates and yield curves that are
observable at commonly quoted intervals. The fair values for some Level 2 securities were obtained from a pricing service. The
pricing service inputs include, but are not limited to, benchmark yields, reported trades, broker/dealer quotes, issuer spreads,
two-sided markets, benchmark securities, offers and reference data. Level 2 assets and liabilities include those priced using a
matrix which is based on credit quality and average life, government and agency securities, restricted stock, some private
bonds and investment funds, most investment-grade and high-yield corporate bonds, most asset-backed securities, most over-
the-counter derivatives, and mortgage loans. Investment contracts that are measured at FVTPL are mostly included in the
Level 2 category.
Level 3: Fair value measurements utilize one or more significant inputs that are not based on observable market inputs and
include situations where there is little, if any, market activity for the asset or liability. The values of the majority of Level 3
securities were obtained from single broker quotes, internal pricing models, or external appraisers. Assets and liabilities
utilizing Level 3 inputs generally include certain bonds, certain asset-backed securities, some private equities, investments in
mutual and segregated funds where there are redemption restrictions, certain over-the-counter derivatives, investment
properties and equity release mortgages.




                                                                                                                                                                            PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.




                                                                                     Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2024 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements   60


                         P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                         B  61
                                  Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)


                                  The following presents the Company’s assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis by hierarchy level:

                                                                                                                 June 30, 2024                                                     December 31, 2023
                                      Assets measured at fair value                           Level 1         Level 2         Level 3            Total           Level 1           Level 2        Level 3     Total
                                      Cash and cash equivalents                           $      8,582 $              — $               — $         8,582 $           7,742 $               — $         — $       7,742
                                      Financial assets at FVTPL
                                         Bonds                                                       —         144,138                177        144,315                  —         145,049            252    145,301
                                         Mortgage loans                                              —          28,846             4,430           33,276                 —          29,211          4,203       33,414
                                         Stocks                                                 10,595              307            4,580           15,482           10,863                218        3,809       14,890
                                      Total financial assets at FVTPL                           10,595         173,291             9,187         193,073            10,863          174,478          8,264    193,605
                                      Financial assets at FVOCI
                                         Bonds                                                       —          12,034                  —          12,034                 —          11,750             —        11,750
                                         Mortgage loans                                              —              578                 —              578                —               578           —          578
                                         Stocks                                                    966                —                 —              966                —                 —           —             —
                                      Total financial assets at FVOCI                              966          12,612                  —          13,578                 —          12,328             —        12,328
                                      Investment properties                                          —                —            7,910            7,910                 —                 —        7,870        7,870
                                      Derivatives 1                                                     2         1,909                 —           1,911                   1          2,218            —         2,219
                                      Assets held for sale 2                                         —                —                 —                —              614            1,006           907        2,527
                                      Other assets:
                                         Trading account assets                                    239            3,444                 —           3,683               242            2,796            —         3,038
                                         Other 3                                                     —              161                 —              161                —               443           —          443




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                      Total assets measured at fair value                 $     20,384 $ 191,417 $               17,097 $ 228,898 $                 19,462 $ 193,269 $              17,041 $ 229,772


                                      Liabilities measured at fair value

                                      Derivatives 4                                       $             1 $       1,685 $               — $         1,686 $                 5 $        1,283 $          — $       1,288
                                      Investment contract liabilities                                —          87,070                  —          87,070                 —          88,919             —        88,919
                                      Other liabilities                                              —              161                 —              161                —               443           —          443
                                      Total liabilities measured at fair value            $             1 $     88,916 $                — $        88,917 $                 5 $      90,645 $           — $      90,650

                                  1
                                        Excludes collateral received from counterparties of $964 at June 30, 2024 ($1,346 at December 31, 2023).
                                  2
                                        Assets held for sale measured at fair value includes cash of $375, stocks of $46 and trading account assets of $2,106 as at December 31, 2023.
                                  3
                                        Includes collateral received under securities lending arrangements.
                                  4
                                        Excludes collateral pledged to counterparties of $1,014 at June 30, 2024 ($247 at December 31, 2023).

                                  There were no transfers of the Company's assets and liabilities between Level 1 and Level 2 during the period ended June 30,
                                  2024 and the year ended December 31, 2023.




                                                                                                                               Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2024 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements        61


                                            B  62                                                P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)


The following presents additional information about assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis and for
which the Company has utilized Level 3 inputs to determine fair value:

                                                                                                         For the six months ended June 30, 2024
                                                                                            FVTPL                                              Trading        Assets         Total
                                                                             FVTPL         mortgage            FVTPL          Investment       account       held for       Level 3
                                                                             bonds          loans             stocks 4         properties       assets         sale         assets
    Balance, beginning of year                                           $         252 $          4,203 $          3,809 $         7,870 $           — $           907 $         17,041
    Total gains (losses)
      Included in net earnings                                                       —                71              154             (88)           —               —             137
      Included in other comprehensive income 1                                       —               60                39             95             —              —               194
    Purchases                                                                        23              —                738            138             —              —               899
    Sale of discontinued operations                                                  —               —                 —              —              —            (907)            (907)
    Issues                                                                           —              195                —              —              —              —               195
    Sales                                                                           (27)             —               (160)           (96)            —              —              (283)
    Settlements                                                                      —               (99)               —              —             —               —              (99)
    Transferred to owner occupied properties                                         —                —                 —              (9)           —               —               (9)
    Other                                                                            —                —                 —              —             —               —               —
    Transfers into Level 3 3                                                         —                —                 —              —             —               —               —
    Transfers out of Level 3 3                                                     (71)              —                —               —              —               —              (71)
    Balance, end of period                                               $         177 $          4,430 $          4,580 $         7,910 $           — $             — $         17,097
    Total gains (losses) for the period included in net
      investment result                                                  $           — $              71 $            154 $           (88) $         — $             — $           137
    Change in unrealized gains (losses) for the period




                                                                                                                                                                                            PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
      included in earnings for assets held at June 30,
      2024                                                               $           — $              69 $            154 $           (89) $         — $             — $           134

                                                                                                            For the year ended December 31, 2023
                                                                                             FVTPL                                             Trading        Assets          Total
                                                                             FVTPL          mortgage           FVTPL          Investment       account       held for        Level 3
                                                                             bonds           loans            stocks 4         properties       assets         sale          assets
    Balance, beginning of year                                           $         195 $          3,371 $          3,029 $         8,344 $          940 $            — $         15,879
    Total gains (losses)
      Included in net earnings                                                        6             345               148            (507)          (12)             25               5
      Included in other comprehensive income 1                                       —               52                (12)            53            —              (14)             79
    Purchases                                                                        68              —                948             191            23              12           1,242
    Issues                                                                           —               569               —               —             —               —              569
    Sales                                                                           (17)              —              (304)           (211)           —              (67)           (599)
    Settlements                                                                      —              (134)              —               —             —               —             (134)
    Other 2                                                                          —                —                 —              —           (951)           951               —
    Transfers into Level 3 3                                                         —                —                 —              —             —              —                —
    Transfers out of Level 3 3                                                      —                —                —               —              —              —                —
    Balance, end of year                                                 $         252 $          4,203 $          3,809 $         7,870 $           — $           907 $         17,041
    Total gains (losses) for the year included in net
      investment result                                                  $             6 $          345 $             148 $          (507) $        (12) $           25 $              5
    Change in unrealized gains (losses) for the year
      included in earnings for assets held at December 31,
      2023                                                 $                           6 $          334 $             148 $          (499) $         — $             25 $            14

1
     Amount of other comprehensive income for FVTPL bonds, mortgage loans and investment properties represents the unrealized gains (losses) on foreign exchange.
2
     Represents amounts reclassified to assets held for sale as a result of the agreement to sell Putnam Investments (note 3).
3
     Transfers into Level 3 are due primarily to decreased observability of inputs in valuation methodologies or the placement of redemption restrictions on investments in
     mutual and segregated funds. Transfers out of Level 3 are due primarily to increased observability of inputs in valuation methodologies as evidenced by corroboration of
     market prices with multiple pricing vendors or the lifting of redemption restrictions on investments in mutual and segregated funds.
4
     Includes investments in mutual and segregated funds where there are redemption restrictions. The fair value is based on observable, quoted prices.




                                                                                               Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2024 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements         62


                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                           B  63
                                  Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)


                                  The following sets out information about significant unobservable inputs used at period-end in measuring assets and liabilities
                                  categorized as Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy:

                                                                                                                                                                                Inter-relationship between
                                                                                                    Significant                                                                 key unobservable inputs
                                  Type of asset            Valuation approach                       unobservable input               Input value                                and fair value measurement
                                  Investment               Investment property valuations are Discount rate                          Range of 4.2% - 12.9%                      A decrease in the discount rate
                                  properties               generally determined using                                                                                           would result in an increase in
                                                           property valuation models based on                                                                                   fair value. An increase in the
                                                           expected capitalization rates and                                                                                    discount rate would result in a
                                                           models that discount expected                                                                                        decrease in fair value.
                                                           future net cash flows. The
                                                           determination of the fair value of     Reversionary rate                  Range of 4.3% - 8.0%                       A decrease in the reversionary
                                                           investment property requires the                                                                                     rate would result in an
                                                           use of estimates such as future cash                                                                                 increase in fair value. An
                                                           flows (such as future leasing                                                                                        increase in the reversionary
                                                           assumptions, rental rates, capital                                                                                   rate would result in a decrease
                                                           and operating expenditures) and                                                                                      in fair value.
                                                           discount, reversionary and overall     Vacancy rate                       Weighted average of 4.6%                   A decrease in the expected
                                                           capitalization rates applicable to the                                                                               vacancy rate would generally
                                                           asset based on current market                                                                                        result in an increase in fair
                                                           rates.                                                                                                               value. An increase in the
                                                                                                                                                                                expected vacancy rate would
                                                                                                                                                                                generally result in a decrease
                                                                                                                                                                                in fair value.
                                  Mortgage loans -         The valuation approach for equity    Discount rate                        Range of 4.6% - 6.4%                       A decrease in the discount rate
                                  equity release           release mortgages is to use an                                                                                       would result in an increase in
                                  mortgages (FVTPL)        internal valuation model to                                                                                          fair value. An increase in the
                                                           determine the projected asset cash                                                                                   discount rate would result in a
                                                           flows, including the cost of the no                                                                                  decrease in fair value.
                                                           negative equity guarantee for each
                                                           individual loan, to aggregate these
                                                           across all loans and to discount




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                                           those cash flows back to the
                                                           valuation date. The projection is
                                                           done monthly until expected
                                                           redemption of the loan either
                                                           voluntarily or on the death/entering
                                                           into long term care of the
                                                           loanholders.
                                  Stocks                   The determination of the fair value Discount rate                         Various                                    A decrease in the discount rate
                                                           of stocks requires the use of                                                                                        would result in an increase in
                                                           estimates such as future cash flows,                                                                                 fair value.
                                                           discount rates, projected earnings                                                                                   An increase in the discount
                                                           multiples, or recent transactions.                                                                                   rate would result in a decrease
                                                                                                                                                                                in fair value.

                                  8.      Insurance Revenue

                                                                                                                  For the three months                                         For the six months
                                                                                                                     ended June 30                                               ended June 30
                                                                                                                2024                         2023                          2024                   2023
                                  Contracts not measured under the premium allocation
                                    approach (PAA)
                                  Amounts relating to changes in liabilities for remaining
                                    coverage
                                       Experience adjustments                                         $                     (22) $                       (47) $                         (31) $              (61)
                                       CSM recognized for services provided                                                312                          316                             622                623
                                       Change in risk adjustment for non-financial risk for risk
                                         expired                                                                           154                          152                             306                301
                                       Expected incurred claims and other insurance service
                                         expenses                                                                        2,367                        2,293                         4,699                 4,536
                                       Recovery of insurance acquisition cash flows                                        145                          138                             288                276
                                                                                                                         2,956                        2,852                         5,884                 5,675
                                  Contracts measured under the PAA                                                       2,317                        2,229                         4,639                 4,443
                                  Total insurance revenue                                             $                  5,273 $                      5,081      $                10,523 $               10,118




                                                                                                                      Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2024 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements         63


                                          B  64                                         P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)



9.     Insurance Contracts and Reinsurance Contracts Held

(a) Insurance Contract (Assets) / Liabilities
                                                                                                          June 30, 2024
                                                                 Not measured under the PAA
                                                Estimates of              Risk adjustment
                                              present value of            for non-financial
                                             future cash flows                  risk                            CSM                     PAA                      Total

Assets                                      $                 (6,684) $                     1,594 $                         3,861 $               (86) $                  (1,315)
Liabilities                                                 116,851                         5,129                      10,209                 13,093                  145,282
Liabilities on account of segregated
   fund policyholders                                         62,473                             —                             —                   —                      62,473
                                            $               172,640 $                       6,723 $                    14,070 $               13,007 $                206,440

                                                                                                      December 31, 2023
                                                                   Not measured under the PAA
                                                   Estimates of             Risk adjustment
                                                 present value of           for non-financial
                                                future cash flows                 risk                          CSM                     PAA                      Total
Assets                                      $                 (6,560) $                     1,654 $                         3,796 $               (83) $                  (1,193)
Liabilities                                                 115,794                         5,372                           9,952             13,270                  144,388
Liabilities on account of segregated
   fund policyholders                                         60,302                             —                            —                    —                      60,302
                                            $               169,536 $                       7,026 $                    13,748 $               13,187 $                203,497




                                                                                                                                                                                    PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
(b) Reinsurance Contract Held Assets / (Liabilities)
                                                                                                          June 30, 2024
                                                                 Not measured under the PAA
                                                Estimates of              Risk adjustment
                                              present value of            for non-financial
                                             future cash flows                  risk                            CSM                     PAA                      Total

Assets                                      $                 15,919 $                         704 $                         427 $                130 $                   17,180
Liabilities                                                   (2,271)                          971                           635                  (66)                      (731)
                                            $                 13,648 $                      1,675 $                         1,062 $                64 $                   16,449

                                                                                                      December 31, 2023
                                                                   Not measured under the PAA
                                                   Estimates of             Risk adjustment
                                                 present value of           for non-financial
                                                future cash flows                 risk                          CSM                     PAA                      Total
Assets                                      $                 16,181 $                         866 $                         163 $                122 $                   17,332
Liabilities                                                   (2,419)                          863                           950                  (42)                      (648)
                                            $                 13,762 $                      1,729 $                         1,113 $                80 $                   16,684




                                                                                        Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2024 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements        64


                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                         B  65
                                  Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)



                                  (c)       Discount Rates
                                  The following table provides the lower and upper end of the range of the spot rates used by the Company to discount liability
                                  cash flows by major currency:

                                                      June 30, 2024                           Year 1                Year 5                Year 10                Year 20                 Year 30            Year 50
                                                                   Lower                             5.7 %                  4.6 %                  4.6 %                    4.6 %                4.5 %              4.7 %
                                      CAD
                                                                   Upper                             6.2 %                  5.2 %                  5.3 %                    5.3 %                5.2 %              5.1 %
                                                                   Lower                             6.0 %                  5.2 %                  5.3 %                    5.7 %                5.4 %              5.1 %
                                      USD
                                                                   Upper                             6.4 %                  5.7 %                  5.7 %                    6.1 %                5.9 %              5.3 %
                                                                   Lower                             3.5 %                  2.8 %                  2.9 %                    3.1 %                3.4 %              4.4 %
                                      EUR
                                                                   Upper                             4.7 %                  4.0 %                  4.1 %                    4.3 %                4.4 %              4.6 %
                                                                   Lower                             5.1 %                  4.5 %                  4.7 %                    5.2 %                5.2 %              4.2 %
                                      GBP
                                                                   Upper                             6.1 %                  5.4 %                  5.6 %                    6.2 %                6.1 %              5.1 %

                                                   December 31, 2023                          Year 1                Year 5                 Year 10                Year 20                Year 30             Year 50
                                                                   Lower                             6.0 %                  4.5 %                  4.4 %                    4.3 %                4.2 %              4.5 %
                                      CAD
                                                                   Upper                             6.4 %                  4.9 %                  4.9 %                    4.9 %                4.8 %              4.9 %
                                                                   Lower                             5.7 %                  4.8 %                  4.8 %                    5.3 %                4.9 %              4.7 %
                                      USD
                                                                   Upper                             6.1 %                  5.2 %                  5.3 %                    5.8 %                5.4 %              5.0 %
                                                                   Lower                             3.2 %                  2.1 %                  2.2 %                    2.5 %                2.9 %              4.3 %
                                      EUR
                                                                   Upper                             4.8 %                  3.6 %                  3.8 %                    4.1 %                4.2 %              4.5 %
                                                                   Lower                             4.9 %                  3.8 %                  4.0 %                    4.7 %                4.6 %              3.7 %
                                      GBP




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                                                   Upper                             5.9 %                  4.8 %                  5.1 %                    5.7 %                5.6 %              4.7 %

                                  The spot rates in the table above are calculated based on prevailing interest rates observed in their respective markets. When
                                  interest rates are not observable, the yield curve to discount cash flows transitions to an ultimate rate composed of a risk-free
                                  rate and illiquidity premium. These amounts are set based on historical data.

                                  10. Segregated Funds and Other Structured Entities
                                  The following presents further details of the investments, determined in accordance with the relevant statutory reporting
                                  requirements of each region of the Company's operations, on account of segregated fund policyholders:
                                  (a) Investments on Account of Segregated Fund Policyholders
                                                                                                                                                                                June 30                  December 31
                                                                                                                                                                                  2024                      2023
                                      Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                         $                14,920 $                  15,024
                                      Bonds                                                                                                                                              73,061                    72,111
                                      Mortgage loans                                                                                                                                       2,048                    2,022
                                      Stocks and units in unit trusts                                                                                                                   141,481                 130,415
                                      Mutual funds                                                                                                                                      205,791                 188,549
                                      Investment properties                                                                                                                              11,646                    12,071
                                                                                                                                                                                        448,947                 420,192
                                      Accrued income                                                                                                                                           876                     832
                                      Other assets (liabilities)                                                                                                                           1,465                   (4,138)
                                      Non-controlling mutual funds interest                                                                                                                8,943                    6,070
                                      Total 1                                                                                                                           $               460,231 $               422,956

                                  1
                                        At June 30, 2024, $64,444 of investments on account of segregated fund policyholders are reinsured by the Company on a modified coinsurance basis ($64,097 at
                                        December 31, 2023). Included in this amount are $130 of cash and cash equivalents, $10,646 of bonds, $18 of stocks and units in unit trusts, $53,592 of mutual funds, $86
                                        of accrued income and $(28) of other liabilities.




                                                                                                                             Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2024 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements             65


                                            B  66                                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)



(b) Insurance and Investment Contracts on Account of Segregated Funds Policyholders
                                                                                                                                                    For the six months
                                                                                                                                                      ended June 30
                                                                                                                                                 2024                    2023 1
    Balance, beginning of year                                                                                                          $            422,956 $                 387,882
      Additions (deductions):
            Policyholder deposits                                                                                                                       21,319                     20,492
            Net investment income                                                                                                                        2,348                      1,982
            Net realized capital gains (losses) on investments                                                                                           5,533                        696
            Net unrealized capital gains (losses) on investments                                                                                        20,789                     24,243
            Unrealized gains (losses) due to changes in foreign exchange rates                                                                           7,276                      (3,063)
            Policyholder withdrawals                                                                                                                  (22,855)                     (20,509)
            Change in segregated fund investment in general fund                                                                                           (21)                        39
            Change in general fund investment in segregated fund                                                                                            —                            2
            Net transfer from (to) general fund                                                                                                             13                         40
            Non-controlling mutual funds interest                                                                                                        2,873                      (1,188)
    Total                                                                                                                                               37,275                     22,734
    Balance, end of period                                                                                                              $            460,231 $                 410,616

1
     The Company has reclassified certain comparative figures to conform to the current period’s presentation.

(c)         Investments on Account of Segregated Fund Policyholders by Fair Value Hierarchy Level




                                                                                                                                                                                              PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                                                                                                                 June 30, 2024
                                                                                          Level 1                      Level 2                 Level 3                    Total
    Investments on account of segregated fund
      policyholders 1                                                             $                331,410 $                   112,901 $                13,582 $                   457,893

1
     Excludes other assets, net of other liabilities, of $2,338.

                                                                                                                            December 31, 2023
                                                                                           Level 1                      Level 2            Level 3                        Total

    Investments on account of segregated fund
       policyholders 1                                                            $                299,451 $                   113,199 $                13,792 $                   426,442

1
     Excludes other liabilities, net of other assets, of $3,486.
For the six months ended June 30, 2024, certain foreign stock holdings valued at $149 have been transferred from Level 2 to
Level 1 ($56 were transferred from Level 1 to Level 2 at December 31, 2023) primarily based on the Company's change in use of
inputs in addition to quoted prices in active markets for certain foreign stock holdings. Level 2 assets include those assets where
fair value is not available from normal market pricing sources, where inputs are utilized in addition to quoted prices in active
markets and where the Company does not have access to the underlying asset details within an investment fund.
The following presents additional information about the Company's investments on account of segregated fund policyholders
for which the Company has utilized Level 3 inputs to determine fair value:

                                                                                                                                              June 30                December 31
                                                                                                                                                 2024                     2023
    Balance, beginning of year                                                                                                          $               13,792 $                   14,455
    Total gains (losses) included in segregated fund investment income                                                                                    (416)                     (1,073)
    Purchases                                                                                                                                              441                        795
    Sales                                                                                                                                                 (315)                       (445)
    Transfers into Level 3                                                                                                                                  97                        350
    Transfers out of Level 3                                                                                                                               (17)                       (290)
    Balance, end of period                                                                                                              $               13,582 $                   13,792

Transfers into Level 3 are due primarily to decreased observability of inputs in valuation methodologies. Transfers out of Level
3 are due primarily to increased observability of inputs in valuation methodologies as evidenced by corroboration of market
prices with multiple pricing vendors.


                                                                                                 Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2024 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements         66


                                     P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                         B  67
                                  Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)



                                  11. Share Capital

                                  Common Shares
                                                                                                                                   For the six months ended June 30
                                                                                                                           2024                                                     2023
                                                                                                          Number                   Carrying value                    Number                Carrying value
                                  Common shares
                                  Balance, beginning of year                                                 932,427,987 $                         6,000               931,853,110 $                  5,791
                                  Exercised and issued under stock option plan                                     868,866                             31                 1,953,151                         71
                                  Purchased and cancelled under normal course issuer bid                       (1,157,085)                            (48)               (2,519,200)                    (94)
                                  Excess of redemption proceeds over stated capital per
                                    normal course issuer bid                                                               —                           41                           —                       78
                                  Balance, end of period                                                     932,139,768 $                         6,024               931,287,061 $                  5,846

                                  During the six months ended June 30, 2024, 868,866 common shares were exercised under the Company's stock plan with a
                                  carrying value of $31, including $2 from contributed surplus transferred upon exercise (1,953,151 with a carrying value of $71,
                                  including $8 from contributed surplus transferred upon exercise for the six months ended June 30, 2023).
                                  On January 25, 2024, the Company announced the renewal of its normal course issuer bid (NCIB) commencing January 29,
                                  2024 and terminating January 28, 2025 to purchase for cancellation up to but not more than 20,000,000 of its common shares at
                                  market prices.
                                  During the six months ended June 30, 2024, the Company repurchased and subsequently cancelled 1,157,085 common shares
                                  under the current NCIB at a cost of $48 (2,519,200 common shares at a cost of $94 for the six months ended June 30, 2023,




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  under the previous NCIB). The Company’s share capital was reduced by the average carrying value of the shares repurchased
                                  for cancellation. The excess paid over the average carrying value was $41 and was recognized as a reduction to accumulated
                                  surplus for the six months ended June 30, 2024 ($78 for the six months ended June 30, 2023, under the previous NCIB).




                                                                                                                  Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2024 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements            67


                                       B  68                                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)



12. Earnings Per Common Share
The following provides the reconciliation between basic and diluted earnings per common share:

                                                                                    For the three months                                   For the six months
                                                                                       ended June 30                                         ended June 30
                                                                                  2024                         2023                     2024                     2023
Earnings
Net earnings from continuing operations before preferred
  share dividends                                                       $                  1,038 $                          602     $          2,101 $                    1,248
Preferred share dividends                                                                     (33)                           (33)                 (65)                      (65)
Net earnings from continuing operations                                 $                  1,005 $                          569     $          2,036 $                    1,183
Net loss from discontinued operations                                                          —                             (71)                (115)                      (90)
Net gain from disposal of discontinued operations                                              —                             — $—                  44                       —
Net earnings - common shareholders                                      $                  1,005 $                          498     $          1,965 $                    1,093


Number of common shares
Average number of common shares outstanding                                       932,504,449                 931,201,149               932,615,570              931,606,252
Add: Potential exercise of outstanding stock options                                 2,281,108                    1,891,728               2,624,643                 1,355,395
Average number of common shares outstanding -
  diluted basis                                                                   934,785,557                 933,092,877               935,240,213              932,961,647


Basic earnings per common share                                         $                    1.08 $                         0.53    $            2.11 $                    1.17




                                                                                                                                                                                   PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
Diluted earnings per common share                                       $                    1.08 $                         0.53    $            2.10 $                    1.17


Basic earnings per common share from continuing
  operations                                                            $                    1.08 $                         0.61    $            2.18 $                    1.27


Diluted earnings per common share from continuing
  operations                                                            $                    1.08 $                         0.61    $            2.18 $                    1.27


Dividends per common share                                              $                  0.555 $                      0.520       $          1.110 $                    1.040




                                                                                        Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2024 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements       68


                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                         B  69
                                  Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)



                                  13. Capital Management

                                  (a) Policies and Objectives
                                  Managing capital is the continual process of establishing and maintaining the quantity and quality of capital appropriate for
                                  the Company and ensuring capital is deployed in a manner consistent with the expectations of the Company’s stakeholders.
                                  For these purposes, the Board considers the key stakeholders to be the Company’s shareholders, policyholders and holders of
                                  subordinated liabilities in addition to the relevant regulators in the various jurisdictions where the Company and its
                                  subsidiaries operate.
                                  The Company manages its capital on both a consolidated basis as well as at the individual operating subsidiary level. The
                                  primary objectives of the Company’s capital management strategy are:
                                  •       To maintain the capitalization of its regulated operating subsidiaries at a level that will exceed the relevant minimum
                                          regulatory capital requirements in the jurisdictions in which they operate;
                                  •       To maintain strong credit and financial strength ratings of the Company ensuring stable access to capital markets; and
                                  •       To provide an efficient capital structure to maximize shareholders' value in the context of the Company’s operational risks
                                          and strategic plans.
                                  The target level of capitalization for the Company and its subsidiaries is assessed by considering various factors such as the
                                  probability of falling below the minimum regulatory capital requirements in the relevant operating jurisdiction, the views
                                  expressed by various credit rating agencies that provide financial strength and other ratings to the Company, and the desire to
                                  hold sufficient capital to be able to honour all policyholder and other obligations of the Company with a high degree of
                                  confidence.
                                  The Company has established policies and procedures designed to identify, measure and report all material risks. Management




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  is responsible for establishing capital management procedures for implementing and monitoring the capital plan.
                                  The capital planning process is the responsibility of the Company’s Chief Financial Officer. The capital plan is approved by the
                                  Company’s Board of Directors on an annual basis. The Board of Directors reviews and approves all material capital
                                  transactions undertaken by management.
                                  (b) Regulatory Capital
                                  In Canada, The Office of the Superintendent of Financial Institutions (OSFI) has established a regulatory capital adequacy
                                  measurement for life insurance companies incorporated under the Insurance Companies Act (Canada) and their subsidiaries.
                                  The Life Insurance Capital Adequacy Test (LICAT) Ratio compares the regulatory capital resources of a company to its required
                                  capital, defined by OSFI, as the aggregate of all defined capital requirements. The total capital resources are provided by the
                                  sum of Available Capital, Surplus Allowance and Eligible Deposits.
                                  The following provides a summary of the LICAT information and ratio for Canada Life:

                                                                                                                                                                                June 30                December 31
                                                                                                                                                                                  2024                    2023
                                      Tier 1 Capital                                                                                                                    $             19,478       $         18,285
                                      Tier 2 Capital                                                                                                                                    5,168                 5,223
                                      Total Available Capital                                                                                                                         24,646                 23,508
                                      Surplus Allowance and Eligible Deposits                                                                                                           5,166                 5,406
                                      Total Capital Resources                                                                                                           $             29,812       $         28,914
                                      Required Capital                                                                                                                  $             22,852       $         22,525
                                                                                                       1
                                      Total LICAT Ratio (OSFI Supervisory Target = 100%)                                                                                                   130 %                 128 %

                                  1
                                      Total Ratio (%) = (Total Capital Resources / Required Capital)

                                  Other foreign operations and foreign subsidiaries of the Company are required to comply with local capital or solvency
                                  requirements in their respective jurisdictions.




                                                                                                                             Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2024 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements          69


                                           B  70                                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)



14. Income Taxes

(a) Income Tax Expense
Income tax recognized in Consolidated Statements of Earnings:

                                                                                For the three months                                   For the six months
                                                                                   ended June 30                                         ended June 30
                                                                              2024                         2023                     2024                     2023
Current income taxes                                                $                    225 $                          163     $             422 $                   337
Deferred income taxes                                                                        4                          (107)                 (24)                    (251)
Total income tax expense                                            $                    229 $                           56     $             398 $                    86

(b) Effective Income Tax Rate
The effective income tax rates are generally lower than the Company's statutory income tax rate of 28.0% due to benefits related
to non-taxable investment income and lower income tax in certain foreign jurisdictions.
Under International Pillar Two tax reform, the Organization for Economic Co-Operation and Development (OECD) introduced
a 15% global minimum tax (GMT) regime that has been adopted by all significant countries in which the Company operates,
other than the U.S. Canada enacted GMT legislation on June 20, 2024 which applies retroactively to January 1, 2024. Other
countries where the Company has significant operations, including Barbados, Germany, Ireland and the U.K. had previously
enacted GMT legislation, also effective January 1, 2024.
The GMT is complex in nature and applies to Lifeco as part of a larger related group of companies. The Company currently
expects GMT in Barbados, Ireland and Isle of Man, jurisdictions where the statutory tax rate is below 15%. In the second




                                                                                                                                                                              PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
quarter of 2024, the Company recognized a GMT current tax expense of $62, primarily related to its operations in Barbados and
Ireland. This included $34, for the retroactive application for the first quarter of 2024 as a result of Canada’s enactment of
legislation in the quarter, primarily in respect of Barbados where the GMT was contingent upon Canada’s enactment.
The Company has applied the mandatory temporary exception in IAS 12, Income Taxes from recognizing and disclosing
deferred tax assets and liabilities related to the GMT.
The overall effective income tax rate for the three months ended June 30, 2024 was 17.4% compared to 8.2% for the three
months ended June 30, 2023. The effective income tax rate for the three months ended June 30, 2024 was higher than the
effective income tax rate for the three months ended June 30, 2023 primarily due to the GMT, as well as the jurisdictional mix of
earnings. The GMT increased the effective income tax rate by 4.7%, which included the amount discussed above pertaining to
the first quarter of 2024 of 2.6%.
The overall effective income tax rate for the six months ended June 30, 2024 was 15.5% compared to 6.4% for the six months
ended June 30, 2023. The effective income tax rate for the six months ended June 30, 2024 was higher than the effective income
tax rate for the six months ended June 30, 2023 primarily due to the jurisdictional mix of earnings and the GMT. The GMT
increased the effective income tax rate by 2.6%.
The effective income tax rate for the shareholder account for the three months ended June 30, 2024 was 19.4% compared to
12.0% for the three months ended June 30, 2023.
The effective income tax rate for the shareholder account for the six months ended June 30, 2024 was 17.3% compared to 9.2%
for the six months ended June 30, 2023.




                                                                                    Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2024 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements      70


                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                         B  71
                                  Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)



                                  15. Segmented Information

                                  (a) Consolidated Net Earnings
                                      For the three months ended June 30, 2024
                                                                                                                                                                       Capital and
                                                                                                                                    United                                Risk                  Lifeco
                                                                                                                Canada              States             Europe           Solutions             Corporate     Total
                                      Segment revenue
                                        Insurance revenue 1                                                 $         2,377 $                 59 $           1,618 $            1,219 $              — $       5,273
                                        Net investment income 2                                                         900                 985                404                 107               13        2,409
                                        Changes in fair value on FVTPL assets 2                                           35                 (96)             (630)               (180)                7        (864)
                                                                                                                      3,312                 948              1,392              1,146                20        6,818
                                        Fee and other income 3                                                          474              1,099                 217                    4              —         1,794
                                                                                                                      3,786              2,047               1,609              1,150                20        8,612
                                      Other insurance results
                                        Insurance service expenses                                                   (1,598)                 (48)           (1,387)            (1,024)               —        (4,057)
                                        Net income (expenses) from reinsurance contracts                                (358)                 (8)               (17)                 (2)             —          (385)
                                                                                                                     (1,956)                 (56)           (1,404)            (1,026)               —        (4,442)
                                  Other investment results
                                        Net finance income (expenses) from insurance contracts                          (751)                 (5)              441                 106               —          (209)
                                        Net finance income (expenses) from reinsurance contracts                            4                (21)               (98)                  1              —          (114)
                                        Changes in investment contract liabilities                                       (41)              (534)                 —                    2              —          (573)




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                                                                                                        (788)              (560)               343                 109               —          (896)
                                      Net investment result - insurance contracts on account
                                        of segregated fund policyholders
                                        Net investment income (loss)                                                    427                   —                  19                  —               —          446
                                        Net finance income (expenses) from insurance contracts                          (427)                 —                 (19)                 —               —          (446)
                                                                                                                          —                   —                  —                   —               —              —
                                      Other income and expenses
                                        Operating and administrative expenses                                           (517)              (943)              (250)                 (11)              (8)     (1,729)
                                        Amortization of finite life intangible assets                                    (31)                (57)               (14)                 (1)             —          (103)
                                        Financing costs                                                                  (34)                (56)               (10)                 (1)             —          (101)
                                        Restructuring and integration expenses                                            —                  (27)                —                   —               —              (27)
                                      Earnings before income taxes                                                      460                 348                274                 220               12        1,314
                                      Income taxes                                                                        73                  76                 56                 58               (34)       229
                                      Net earnings from continuing operations before non-
                                         controlling interests                                                          387                 272                218                 162               46        1,085
                                      Attributable to non-controlling interests                                           47                  —                  —                   —               —              47
                                      Net earnings from continuing operations before
                                        preferred share dividends                                                       340                 272                218                 162               46        1,038
                                      Preferred share dividends                                                           28                  —                    5                 —               —              33
                                      Net earnings from continuing operations before
                                         capital allocation                                                             312                 272                213                 162               46        1,005
                                      Impact of capital allocation                                                        23                   2                (12)                 (7)              (6)           —
                                      Net earnings from continuing operations                                           335                 274                201                 155               40        1,005
                                      Net loss from discontinued operations                                               —                   —                  —                   —               —              —
                                      Net gain from disposal of discontinued operations                                   —                   —                  —                   —               —              —
                                      Net earnings - common shareholders                                    $           335 $               274 $              201 $               155 $             40 $      1,005

                                  1
                                         Included within insurance service result in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.
                                  2
                                         Included within net investment result in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.
                                  3
                                         Included within other income and expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.




                                                                                                                            Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2024 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements           71


                                           B  72                                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)



    For the three months ended June 30, 2023
                                                                                                                                            Capital and
                                                                                                       United                                  Risk          Lifeco
                                                                                    Canada             States             Europe             Solutions      Corporate         Total
    Segment revenue
      Insurance revenue 1                                                       $        2,339 $                 56 $              1,492 $        1,194 $           — $          5,081
      Net investment income 2                                                               750                952                  194            157                  8        2,061
      Changes in fair value on FVTPL assets 2                                              (447)              (972)            (1,171)              (79)                1        (2,668)
                                                                                         2,642                   36                 515           1,272                 9        4,474
      Fee and other income 3                                                                341                921                  200               4             —            1,466
                                                                                         2,983                 957                  715           1,276                 9        5,940
    Other insurance results
      Insurance service expenses                                                        (1,649)                 (43)           (1,286)             (985)            —            (3,963)
      Net income (expenses) from reinsurance contracts                                     (336)                  2                  (74)            (7)            —               (415)
                                                                                        (1,985)                 (41)           (1,360)             (992)            —            (4,378)
Other investment results
      Net finance income (expenses) from insurance contracts                               (397)                 45                1,056            (73)            —                 631
      Net finance income (expenses) from reinsurance contracts                                 4                 (2)                  (8)            —              —                  (6)
      Changes in investment contract liabilities                                            (13)               293                    (1)             7             —                 286
                                                                                           (406)               336                 1,047            (66)            —                 911
    Net investment result - insurance contracts on account of
      segregated fund policyholders
      Net investment income (loss)                                                          545                  —                  369              —              —                 914




                                                                                                                                                                                             PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
      Net finance income (expenses) from insurance contracts                               (545)                 —                  (369)            —              —               (914)
                                                                                              —                  —                    —              —              —                  —
    Other income and expenses
      Operating and administrative expenses                                                (352)              (936)                 (255)           (14)           (14)          (1,571)
      Amortization of finite life intangible assets                                         (26)                (52)                 (18)            —              (1)               (97)
      Financing costs                                                                       (34)                (59)                 (11)            —              —               (104)
      Restructuring and integration expenses                                                  —                 (28)                   9             —              —                 (19)
    Earnings (loss) before income taxes                                                     180                177                  127            204              (6)               682
    Income taxes                                                                               4                 17                    8             28             (1)               56
    Net earnings (loss) from continuing operations before non-
     controlling interests                                                                  176                160                  119            176              (5)               626
    Attributable to non-controlling interests                                                23                   1                   —              —              —                 24
    Net earnings (loss) from continuing operations before
      preferred share dividends                                                             153                159                  119            176              (5)               602
    Preferred share dividends                                                                28                  —                     5             —              —                 33
    Net earnings (loss) from continuing operations before
      capital allocation                                                                    125                159                  114            176              (5)               569
    Impact of capital allocation                                                             23                   2                  (12)            (7)            (6)                —
    Net earnings (loss) from continuing operations                                          148                161                  102            169             (11)               569
    Net loss from discontinued operations                                                     —                 (71)                  —              —              —                 (71)
    Net earnings (loss) - common shareholders                                   $           148 $                90 $               102 $          169 $           (11) $             498

1
       Included within insurance service result in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.
2
       Included within net investment result in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.
3
       Included within other income and expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.




                                                                                               Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2024 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements          72


                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                            B  73
                                  Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)



                                      For the six months ended June 30, 2024
                                                                                                                                                                       Capital and
                                                                                                                                    United                                Risk                  Lifeco
                                                                                                                Canada              States             Europe           Solutions             Corporate     Total
                                      Segment revenue
                                        Insurance revenue 1                                                 $         4,783 $               118 $            3,203 $            2,419 $              — $      10,523
                                        Net investment income 2                                                       1,775              2,003                 749                 207               15        4,749
                                        Changes in fair value on FVTPL assets 2                                         (496)              (570)              (923)               (273)              13       (2,249)
                                                                                                                      6,062              1,551               3,029              2,353                28       13,023
                                        Fee and other income 3                                                          934              2,100                 425                    7              —         3,466
                                                                                                                      6,996              3,651               3,454              2,360                28       16,489
                                      Other insurance results
                                        Insurance service expenses                                                   (3,273)                 (97)           (2,748)            (2,006)               —        (8,124)
                                        Net income (expenses) from reinsurance contracts                                (697)                (16)               (48)                (10)             —          (771)
                                                                                                                     (3,970)               (113)            (2,796)            (2,016)               —        (8,895)
                                  Other investment results
                                        Net finance income (expenses) from insurance contracts                          (875)                 (5)              524                 174               —          (182)
                                        Net finance income (expenses) from reinsurance contracts                         (11)                (21)             (133)                  —               —          (165)
                                        Changes in investment contract liabilities                                       (61)              (692)                   1                  8              —          (744)
                                                                                                                        (947)              (718)               392                 182               —        (1,091)
                                      Net investment result - insurance contracts on account
                                        of segregated fund policyholders
                                        Net investment income (loss)                                                  2,299                   —                620                   —               —         2,919




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                        Net finance income (expenses) from insurance contracts                       (2,299)                  —               (620)                  —               —        (2,919)
                                                                                                                          —                   —                  —                   —               —              —
                                      Other income and expenses
                                        Operating and administrative expenses                                           (995)           (1,918)               (488)                 (21)             (10)     (3,432)
                                        Amortization of finite life intangible assets                                    (59)              (113)                (29)                 (1)              (1)       (203)
                                        Financing costs                                                                  (68)              (111)                (20)                 (2)             —          (201)
                                        Restructuring and integration expenses                                           (23)                (72)                —                   —               —              (95)
                                      Earnings before income taxes                                                      934                 606                513                 502               17        2,572
                                      Income taxes                                                                      163                 103                  92                 73               (33)       398
                                      Net earnings from continuing operations before non-
                                         controlling interests                                                          771                 503                421                 429               50        2,174
                                      Attributable to non-controlling interests                                           73                  —                  —                   —               —              73
                                      Net earnings from continuing operations before
                                        preferred share dividends                                                       698                 503                421                 429               50        2,101
                                      Preferred share dividends                                                           56                  —                    9                 —               —              65
                                      Net earnings from continuing operations before
                                         capital allocation                                                             642                 503                412                 429               50        2,036
                                      Impact of capital allocation                                                        46                   4                (24)                (14)             (12)           —
                                      Net earnings from continuing operations                                           688                 507                388                 415               38        2,036
                                      Net loss from discontinued operations                                               —                (115)                 —                   —               —          (115)
                                      Net gain from disposal of discontinued operations                                   —                   44                 —                   —               —              44
                                      Net earnings - common shareholders                                    $           688 $               436 $              388 $               415 $             38 $      1,965

                                  1
                                         Included within insurance service result in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.
                                  2
                                         Included within net investment result in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.
                                  3
                                         Included within other income and expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.




                                                                                                                            Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2024 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements           73


                                           B  74                                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)



    For the six months ended June 30, 2023
                                                                                                                                            Capital and
                                                                                                       United                                  Risk          Lifeco
                                                                                    Canada             States             Europe             Solutions      Corporate         Total
    Segment revenue
      Insurance revenue 1                                                       $        4,696 $               117 $               2,964 $        2,341 $           — $          10,118
      Net investment income 2                                                            1,507              1,948                   487            209             11             4,162
      Changes in fair value on FVTPL assets 2                                            1,104                 403                  (702)          104              (5)               904
                                                                                         7,307              2,468                  2,749          2,654                 6        15,184
      Fee and other income 3                                                                666             1,808                   386               6             —             2,866
                                                                                         7,973              4,276                  3,135          2,660                 6        18,050
    Other insurance results
      Insurance service expenses                                                        (3,331)                 (89)           (2,567)           (1,971)            —            (7,958)
      Net income (expenses) from reinsurance contracts                                     (670)                  4                  (83)            (8)            —               (757)
                                                                                        (4,001)                 (85)           (2,650)           (1,979)            —            (8,715)
Other investment results
      Net finance income (expenses) from insurance contracts                            (2,711)               (143)                 164            (249)            —            (2,939)
      Net finance income (expenses) from reinsurance contracts                               21                  (4)                 65               5             —                 87
      Changes in investment contract liabilities                                            (47)           (1,532)                    (2)           (15)            —            (1,596)
                                                                                        (2,737)            (1,679)                  227            (259)            —            (4,448)
    Net investment result - insurance contracts on account of
      segregated fund policyholders
      Net investment income (loss)                                                       1,817                   —                  818              —              —             2,635




                                                                                                                                                                                             PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
      Net finance income (expenses) from insurance contracts                            (1,817)                  —                  (818)            —              —            (2,635)
                                                                                              —                  —                    —              —              —                  —
    Other income and expenses
      Operating and administrative expenses                                                (687)           (1,879)                  (488)           (26)           (20)          (3,100)
      Amortization of finite life intangible assets                                         (51)              (100)                  (34)            (1)            (1)             (187)
      Financing costs                                                                       (68)              (124)                  (25)            (1)            (1)             (219)
      Restructuring and integration expenses                                                  —                 (54)                   9             —              —                 (45)
    Earnings (loss) before income taxes                                                     429                355                  174            394             (16)           1,336
    Income taxes                                                                             37                  27                   (1)            27             (4)               86
    Net earnings (loss) from continuing operations before non-
     controlling interests                                                                  392                328                  175            367             (12)           1,250
    Attributable to non-controlling interests                                                  1                  1                   —              —              —                  2
    Net earnings (loss) from continuing operations before
      preferred share dividends                                                             391                327                  175            367             (12)           1,248
    Preferred share dividends                                                                56                  —                     9             —              —                 65
    Net earnings (loss) from continuing operations before
      capital allocation                                                                    335                327                  166            367             (12)           1,183
    Impact of capital allocation                                                             46                   4                  (24)           (14)           (12)                —
    Net earnings (loss) from continuing operations                                          381                331                  142            353             (24)           1,183
    Net loss from discontinued operations                                                     —                 (90)                  —              —              —                 (90)
    Net earnings (loss) - common shareholders                                   $           381 $              241 $                142 $          353 $           (24) $         1,093

1
       Included within insurance service result in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.
2
       Included within net investment result in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.
3
       Included within other income and expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.




                                                                                               Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2024 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements          74


                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                            B  75
                                  Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)



                                  The Revenue by Source Currency for Capital and Risk Solutions
                                                                                                            For the three months                                         For the six months
                                                                                                               ended June 30                                               ended June 30
                                                                                                          2024                         2023                          2024                    2023
                                  Revenue
                                  United States                                                 $                    268 $                        311      $                      602 $               705
                                  United Kingdom                                                                     476                          447                             907                 938
                                  Japan                                                                               (85)                            9                           (79)                167
                                  Other                                                                              491                          509                             930                 850
                                  Total revenue                                                 $                  1,150 $                      1,276      $                  2,360 $                2,660

                                  Negative income in the table above is primarily due to unrealized fair value losses through profit or loss on bonds.
                                  (b) Consolidated Total Assets and Liabilities
                                                                                                                                           June 30, 2024
                                                                                                                       United                                     Capital and Risk
                                                                                             Canada                    States                   Europe               Solutions               Total
                                  Assets
                                  Invested assets                                      $             91,309 $                 86,053 $                 42,588 $                   8,666 $       228,616
                                  Insurance contract assets                                              452                      321                      352                      190              1,315
                                  Reinsurance contract held assets                                    1,131                   12,318                      3,602                     129             17,180
                                  Goodwill and intangible assets                                      6,565                    6,292                      3,052                         —           15,909
                                  Other assets                                                        5,577                   16,991                      3,705                         38          26,311




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  Investments on account of segregated fund
                                     policyholders                                                  107,067                  197,875                 155,289                            —       460,231
                                  Total                                                $            212,101 $                319,850 $               208,588 $                    9,023 $       749,562


                                  Liabilities
                                  Insurance contract liabilities                       $             82,017 $                 18,135 $                 40,136 $                   4,994 $       145,282
                                  Investment contract liabilities                                     3,824                   82,240                       345                      661             87,070
                                  Reinsurance contract held liabilities                                  205                      155                      343                          28            731
                                  Other liabilities                                                   8,527                   12,846                      3,132                     873             25,378
                                  Insurance contracts on account of segregated fund
                                     policyholders                                                   33,884                   13,514                   15,075                           —           62,473
                                  Investment contracts on account of segregated fund
                                     policyholders                                                   73,183                  184,361                 140,214                            —       397,758
                                  Total                                                $            201,640 $                311,251 $               199,245 $                    6,556 $       718,692




                                                                                                                Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2024 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements         75


                                          B  76                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)



                                                                                                                          December 31, 2023
                                                                                                         United                                   Capital and Risk
                                                                               Canada                    States                  Europe              Solutions                      Total
    Assets
    Invested assets                                                     $             89,382 $                 86,715 $               41,981 $                8,732 $                 226,810
    Insurance contract assets                                                             400                       291                    331                     171                      1,193
    Reinsurance contract held assets                                                   1,243                   12,243                  3,713                       133                  17,332
    Assets held for sale                                                                    —                    4,467                        —                     —                       4,467
    Goodwill and intangible assets                                                     6,545                     6,151                 3,037                        —                   15,733
    Other assets                                                                       4,964                   16,192                  3,531                        52                  24,739
    Investments on account of segregated fund
       policyholders                                                                 101,250                 179,770                 141,936                        —                 422,956
    Total                                                               $            203,784 $               305,829 $               194,529 $                9,088 $                 713,230


    Liabilities
    Insurance contract liabilities                                      $             81,455 $                 18,079 $               39,390 $                5,464 $                 144,388
    Investment contract liabilities                                                    3,931                   83,966                      341                     681                  88,919
    Reinsurance contract held liabilities                                                 208                       163                    250                      27                       648
    Liabilities held for sale                                                               —                    2,407                        —                     —                       2,407
    Other liabilities                                                                  7,153                   12,804                  3,408                       696                  24,061
    Insurance contracts on account of segregated fund
       policyholders                                                                  32,997                   12,892                 14,413                        —                   60,302
    Investment contracts on account of segregated fund
       policyholders                                                                  68,253                 166,878                 127,523                        —                 362,654




                                                                                                                                                                                                     PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
    Total                                                               $            193,997 $               297,189 $               185,325 $                6,868 $                 683,379

The Assets by Source Currency for Capital and Risk Solutions
                                                                                                                                                  June 30                 December 31
                                                                                                                                                   2024                         2023
    Assets
    United States                                                                                                                         $                 4,568 $                         4,334
    United Kingdom                                                                                                                                          1,406                           1,350
    Japan                                                                                                                                                   2,795                           3,047
    Other                                                                                                                                                    254                             357
    Total assets                                                                                                                          $                 9,023 $                         9,088

(c)         CSM
                                                                                                        For the six months ended June 30, 2024
                                                                        Non-Participating (excluding Segregated Funds)
                                                                                                                     Capital
                                                                                     United                         and Risk                      Segregated
                                                                     Canada          States           Europe        Solutions        Total          Funds                Par          Total 1
    CSM, beginning of year                                          $    1,159 $            24 $          3,255 $         1,745 $      6,183 $            3,298 $ 3,154 $ 12,635
       CSM recognized for services provided                                  (67)            (2)            (135)            (76)         (280)             (202)          (77)              (559)
       Contracts initially recognized in the year                             20             —              171               18          209                87                56            352
       Changes in estimates that adjust the CSM                                (5)           —               (49)            (27)          (81)             143            354               416
       Net finance (income) expenses from insurance
         contracts                                                            17             —                37              20           74                 (8)              —              66
       Effect of movement in exchange rates                                   —               1               58              22           81                  9               8              98
    CSM, end of period                                              $    1,124 $            23 $          3,337 $         1,702 $      6,186 $            3,327 $ 3,495 $ 13,008

1
      The amounts in the table above are presented net of reinsurance.




                                                                                                   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2024 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements              76


                                     P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                                  B  77
                                  Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)



                                                                                                                                      For the year ended December 31, 2023
                                                                                                      Non-Participating (excluding Segregated Funds)
                                                                                                                                                Capital
                                                                                                                United                         and Risk                         Segregated
                                                                                                Canada          States           Europe        Solutions          Total           Funds              Par         Total 1
                                      CSM, beginning of year                                   $    1,264 $            41 $          2,771 $         1,796 $        5,872 $              3,557 $ 3,694 $ 13,123
                                        CSM recognized for services provided                          (143)             (4)            (234)           (154)          (535)               (430)       (157)        (1,122)
                                        Contracts initially recognized in the year                        41            —              284               49            374                    181      111           666
                                        Changes in estimates that adjust the CSM                        (40)          (12)             325                —            273                    (37)    (490)          (254)
                                        Net finance (income) expenses from insurance
                                          contracts                                                       37            —                49              37            123                    16           —         139
                                        Effect of movement in exchange rates                              —             (1)              60              17             76                    11           (4)         83
                                      CSM, end of year                                         $    1,159 $            24 $          3,255 $         1,745 $        6,183 $              3,298 $ 3,154 $ 12,635

                                  1
                                       The amounts in the table above are presented net of reinsurance.




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.




                                                                                                                              Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2024 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements              77


                                           B  78                                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
                              IGM Financial Inc.
                                                  PART C




Management’s Discussion and Analysis
PAGE C 2



Financial Statements and Notes
PAGE C 69




Please note that the bottom of each page in Part C contains two different
page numbers. A page number with the preﬁx “C” refers to the number of
such page in this document and the page number without any preﬁx refers to
the number of such page in the original document issued by IGM Financial Inc.



The attached documents concerning IGM Financial Inc. are documents
prepared and publicly disclosed by such subsidiary, and are available under
such subsidiary’s proﬁle on SEDAR+, at www.sedarplus.ca. Certain statements
in the attached documents, other than statements of historical fact, are
forward-looking statements based on certain assumptions and reﬂect the
current expectations of the subsidiary as set forth therein. Forward-looking
statements are provided for the purposes of assisting the reader in understanding
the subsidiary’s ﬁnancial performance, ﬁnancial position and cash ﬂows as at
and for the periods ended on certain dates and to present information about
the subsidiary’s management’s current expectations and plans relating to the
future and the reader is cautioned that such statements may not be appropriate for
other purposes.

By its nature, forward-looking information is subject to inherent risks and




                                                                                                       PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
uncertainties that may be general or speciﬁc and which give rise to the possibility
that expectations, forecasts, predictions, projections or conclusions will not
prove to be accurate, that assumptions may not be correct and that objectives,
strategic goals and priorities will not be achieved.

For further information provided by the subsidiary as to the material factors
that could cause actual results to differ materially from the content of forward-
looking statements, the material factors and assumptions that were applied
in making the forward-looking statements, and the subsidiary’s policy for
updating the content of forward-looking statements, please see the attached
documents, including the section entitled Forward-Looking Statements. The
reader is cautioned to consider these factors and assumptions carefully and
not to put undue reliance on forward-looking statements.




P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4   C  1
                              Management’s
                              Discussion and Analysis
                              The Management’s Discussion and Analysis (MD&A) presents management’s view of the results of operations and financial condition
                              of IGM Financial Inc. (IGM Financial or the Company) as at and for the three and six months ended June 30, 2024 and should be read
                              in conjunction with the unaudited Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Interim Financial Statements) as well as the
                              2023 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report and the 2024 IGM Financial Inc. First Quarter Report to Shareholders filed on www.sedarplus.ca.
                              Commentary in the MD&A as at and for the three and six months ended June 30, 2024 is as of August 7, 2024.



                              Basis of Presentation and Summary of Accounting Policies
                              The Interim Financial Statements of IGM Financial, which are the basis of the information presented in the Company’s MD&A,
                              have been prepared in accordance with International Accounting Standard 34, Interim Financial Reporting (IFRS) and are presented
                              in Canadian dollars (Note 2 of the Interim Financial Statements).



                              Forward-looking Statements
                              Certain statements in this report, other than statements of historical fact,                   performance and results of the Company and its subsidiaries and strategic
                              are forward-looking statements based on certain assumptions and reflect                        investments, and their businesses, and could cause actual results to differ
                              IGM Financial Inc.’s (IGM Financial, IGM or the Company) and, where applicable,                materially from current expectations of estimated or anticipated events
                              its subsidiaries’ and strategic investments’, current expectations. Forward-                   or results. These factors include, but are not limited to: the impact or
                              looking statements are provided to assist the reader in understanding the                      unanticipated impact of general economic, political and market factors in
                              Company’s, and its subsidiaries and strategic investments, financial position                  North America and internationally, interest and foreign exchange rates,
                              and results of operations as at and for the periods ended on certain dates and                 global equity and capital markets, management of market liquidity and
                              to present information about management’s current expectations and plans                       funding risks, changes in accounting policies and methods used to report
                              relating to the future. Readers are cautioned that such statements may not                     financial condition (including uncertainties associated with critical accounting
                              be appropriate for other purposes. These statements may include, without                       assumptions and estimates), the effect of applying future accounting
                              limitation, statements regarding the operations, business, financial condition,                changes, operational and reputational risks, business competition,
                              expected financial results, performance, prospects, opportunities, priorities,                 technological change, changes in government regulations and legislation,
                              targets, goals, ongoing objectives, strategies and outlook of the Company,                     changes in tax laws, unexpected judicial or regulatory proceedings,
                              and its subsidiaries and strategic investments, as well as the outlook for                     catastrophic events, outbreaks of disease or pandemics (such as COVID-19),
                              North American and international economies, for the current fiscal year and                    the Company’s ability to complete strategic transactions, integrate
                              subsequent periods. Forward-looking statements include statements that are                     acquisitions and implement other growth strategies, and the Company’s
                              predictive in nature, depend upon or refer to future events or conditions, or                  and its subsidiaries’ and strategic investments’ success in anticipating and
                              include words such as “expects”, “anticipates”, “plans”, “believes”, “estimates”,              managing the foregoing factors.
                              “seeks”, “intends”, “targets”, “projects”, “forecasts” or negative versions thereof
                                                                                                                             The reader is cautioned that the foregoing list is not exhaustive of the
                              and other similar expressions, or future or conditional verbs such as “may”,
                                                                                                                             factors that may affect any of the Company’s forward-looking statements.
                              “will”, “should”, “would” and “could”.
                                                                                                                             The reader is also cautioned to consider these and other factors,
                              This information is based upon certain material factors or assumptions that                    uncertainties and potential events carefully and not place undue reliance
                              were applied in drawing a conclusion or making a forecast or projection as                     on forward-looking statements.
                              reflected in the forward-looking statements, including the perception of
                                                                                                                             Other than as specifically required by applicable Canadian law, the Company
                              historical trends, current conditions and expected future developments, as
                                                                                                                             undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect
                              well as other factors that are believed to be appropriate in the circumstances.
                                                                                                                             events or circumstances after the date on which such statements are made,
                              While the Company considers these assumptions to be reasonable based on
                                                                                                                             or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events, whether as a result of
                              information currently available to management, they may prove to be incorrect.
                                                                                                                             new information, future events or results, or otherwise.
                              By its nature, this information is subject to inherent risks and uncertainties
                                                                                                                             Additional information about the risks and uncertainties of the Company’s
                              that may be general or specific and which give rise to the possibility that




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                                                                                                             business and material factors or assumptions on which information contained
                              expectations, forecasts, predictions, projections or conclusions will not prove
                                                                                                                             in forward-looking statements is based is provided in its disclosure materials,
                              to be accurate, that assumptions may not be correct and that objectives,
                                                                                                                             including this Management’s Discussion and Analysis and its most recent
                              strategic goals and priorities will not be achieved.
                                                                                                                             Annual Information Form, filed with the securities regulatory authorities in
                              A variety of material factors, many of which are beyond the Company’s and                      Canada, available at www.sedarplus.ca.
                              its subsidiaries’ and strategic investments’ control, affect the operations,




                                                                        Management's Discussion and Analysis | IGM Financial Inc. 2024 Second Quarter Report                                                    5
                              C  2                                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
    Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures
    This report contains Non-IFRS financial measures and non-IFRS ratios that                    Refer to the appropriate reconciliations of non-IFRS financial measures,
    do not have standard meanings prescribed by IFRS and may not be directly                     including as components of non-IFRS ratios, to reported results in
    comparable to similar measures used by other companies. These measures                       accordance with IFRS in Tables 1 to 4.
    and ratios are used to provide management, investors and investment
                                                                                                 This report also contains other financial measures which include:
    analysts with additional measures to assess earnings performance.
                                                                                                 •   Assets Under Management and Advisement (AUM&A) represents the
    Non-IFRS financial measures include, but are not limited to, “adjusted
                                                                                                     consolidated AUM and AUA of IGM Financial’s core businesses IG Wealth
    net earnings available to common shareholders”, “adjusted net earnings”,
                                                                                                     Management and Mackenzie Investments. In the Wealth Management
    “adjusted earnings before income taxes”, “adjusted earnings before interest
                                                                                                     segment, AUM is a component part of AUA. All instances where the asset
    and taxes” (Adjusted EBIT), “earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and
                                                                                                     management segment is providing investment management services
    amortization before sales commissions” (EBITDA before sales commissions),
                                                                                                     or distributing its products through the Wealth Management segment
    and “earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization after
                                                                                                     are eliminated in our reporting such that there is no double-counting
    sales commissions” (EBITDA after sales commissions). These measures
                                                                                                     of the same client savings held at IGM Financial’s core businesses.
    exclude other items which are items of a non-recurring nature, or that
                                                                                                     AUM&A excludes Investment Planning Counsel’s (IPC’s) AUM, AUA, sales,
    could make the period-over-period comparison of results from operations
                                                                                                     redemptions and net flows which have been disclosed as discontinued
    less meaningful. Effective in the first quarter of 2024, these measures
                                                                                                     operations.
    also exclude the Company’s proportionate share of items that Great-West
    Lifeco Inc. (Lifeco) excludes from its IFRS reported net earnings in arriving                •   Assets Under Advisement (AUA) are the key driver of the Wealth
    at Lifeco’s base earnings. Base earnings is an alternate measure Lifeco uses                     Management segment. AUA are savings and investment products held
    to understand the underlying business performance compared to IFRS net                           within client accounts of our Wealth Management segment core business.
    earnings. Lifeco’s financial information can be obtained in its disclosure
                                                                                                 •   Assets Under Management (AUM) are the key driver of the Asset
    materials filed on www.sedarplus.ca. Comparative periods have been
                                                                                                     Management segment. AUM are an additional driver of revenues and
    restated to reflect this change. EBITDA before sales commissions excludes
                                                                                                     expenses within the Wealth Management segment in relation to its
    all sales commissions. EBITDA after sales commissions includes all sales
                                                                                                     investment management activities. AUM are client assets where we
    commissions and highlights aggregate cash flows.
                                                                                                     provide investment management services, and include investment
    Non-IFRS ratios include the following:                                                           funds where we are the fund manager, investment advisory mandates
                                                                                                     to institutions, and other client accounts where we have discretionary
     Ratio                   Numerator                  Denominator                                  portfolio management responsibilities.
     Adjusted earnings per Adjusted net earnings        Average number of                        •   Assets Under Management and Advisement Including Strategic
     share (Adjusted EPS) available to common           outstanding common                           Investments (AUM&A Including SI) represents AUM&A including the
                           shareholders                 shares on a diluted basis                    Company’s proportionate share of the AUM&A of strategic investments
                                                                                                     based on the Company’s direct and indirect ownership of the strategic
     Return (Adjusted        Net earnings            Average shareholders’
                                                                                                     investments. The strategic investments included are those whose activities
     return) on equity       (Adjusted net earnings) equity excluding
                                                                                                     are primarily in asset and wealth management, and include ChinaAMC,
     (ROE, Adjusted ROE)     available to common     non-controlling interest
                                                                                                     Northleaf, Rockefeller and Wealthsimple. Rockefeller client assets include
                             shareholders
                                                                                                     assets under management and advisement as well as assets held for
     ROE (Adjusted ROE)      Net earnings               Average shareholders’                        investment purposes and only receiving administrative services.
     excluding the impact    (Adjusted net earnings)    equity excluding non-
                                                                                                 •   Working Capital which consists of current assets less current liabilities
     of fair value through   available to common        controlling interest
                                                                                                     excluding assets and liabilities not reflective of ongoing operations.
     other comprehensive     shareholders               and the impact of fair
     income investments                                 value through other
                                                        comprehensive income
                                                        investments net of tax




                                                                                                                                                                                        PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.




6   IGM Financial Inc. 2024 Second Quarter Report | Management's Discussion and Analysis

                                       P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                             C  3
                              IGM Financial Inc.
                              Summary of Consolidated Operating Results

                              IGM Financial Inc. (TSX:IGM) is a leading wealth and asset                         Other Financial Measures and Table 1), excluding other items
                              management company supporting advisors and the clients                             outlined below, for the three months ended June 30, 2024 were
                              they serve in Canada, and institutional investors throughout                       $220.4 million or $0.93 per share compared to adjusted net
                              North America, Europe and Asia. The Company operates                               earnings available to common shareholders of $211.4 million
                              through a number of operating subsidiaries and also holds a                        or $0.89 per share in 2023, representing an increase of 4.5% in
                              number of strategic investments that provide benefits to these                     earnings per share. Adjusted net earnings available to common
                              subsidiaries while furthering the Company’s growth prospects.                      shareholders in the current quarter represented a decrease
                              The Company’s wealth management segment consists of                                of 1.1% from $224.5 million or $0.94 per share for the three
                              IG Wealth Management (IG), and strategic investments in                            months ended March 31, 2024. Adjusted net earnings available
                              Rockefeller Capital Management (Rockefeller) and Wealthsimple                      to common shareholders, excluding other items outlined below,
                              Financial Corp. (Wealthsimple). The asset management segment                       for the six months ended June 30, 2024 were $444.9 million or
                              consists of Mackenzie Investments (Mackenzie) and strategic                        $1.87 per share compared to adjusted net earnings available
                              investments in China Asset Management Co., Ltd. (ChinaAMC)                         to common shareholders of $417.7 million or $1.75 per share
                              and Northleaf Capital Group Ltd. (Northleaf). The Company also                     in 2023.
                              holds an investment in Great-West Lifeco Inc. (Lifeco).
                                                                                                                 Other items for the six months ended June 30, 2024 consisted of:
                              IGM Financial’s Assets Under Management and Advisement                             • The Company’s proportionate share of items Lifeco excludes
                              Including Strategic Investments (AUM&A Including SI) were                            from its base earnings (Lifeco other items) of ($2.0) million,
                              $431.7 billion as at June 30, 2024 compared to $376.1 billion                        including ($0.9) million recorded in the second quarter.
                              at June 30, 2023 and $390.6 billion at December 31, 2023, as                         Effective in the first quarter of 2024, IGM began to exclude
                              detailed in Tables 6 and 7.                                                          the Company’s proportionate share of items that Lifeco
                                                                                                                   excludes from its IFRS reported net earnings in arriving
                              IGM Financial’s Assets Under Management and Advisement
                                                                                                                   at Lifeco’s base earnings. Base earnings is an alternate
                              (AUM&A) were $252.4 billion as at June 30, 2024, compared
                                                                                                                    measure Lifeco uses to understand the underlying business
                              to $234.7 billion at June 30, 2023 and $240.2 billion at
                                                                                                                    performance compared to IFRS net earnings. Lifeco’s
                              December 31, 2023, as detailed in Tables 6 and 7. Average total
                                                                                                                    financial information can be obtained in its disclosure
                              AUM&A for the second quarter of 2024 were $250.9 billion
                                                                                                                    materials filed on www.sedarplus.ca. Comparative periods
                              compared to $233.6 billion in the second quarter of 2023.
                              Average total AUM&A for the six months ended June 30, 2024                            have been restated to reflect this change.
                              were $247.8 billion compared to $232.5 billion for the six                            Lifeco other items may include market related impacts;
                              months ended June 30, 2023.                                                           assumption changes and management actions; business
                                                                                                                    transformation impacts; realized gains and losses on assets
                              Net earnings available to common shareholders for the three
                                                                                                                    measured at Fair Value Through Other Comprehensive
                              months ended June 30, 2024 were $216.2 million or $0.91
                                                                                                                    Income; equity and interest impacts on the measurement
                              per share compared to net earnings available to common
                                                                                                                    of surplus assets and liabilities; amortization of acquisition
                              shareholders of $138.2 million or $0.58 per share for the
                                                                                                                    related finite life intangible assets; material legal,
                              comparative period in 2023, representing an increase of 56.9%
                                                                                                                    impairment, and tax related charges, impacts of disposals
                              in earnings per share. Net earnings available to common




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                                                                                                    and acquisitions; and other items that, when removed,
                              shareholders for the three months ended March 31, 2024
                                                                                                                    assist in explaining Lifeco’s underlying business.
                              were $223.4 million or $0.94 per share. Net earnings available
                              to common shareholders for the six months ended June 30,                           • The Company’s proportionate share of Rockefeller’s one-time
                              2024 were $439.6 million or $1.85 per share compared to net                          debt refinancing costs of $3.3 million, recorded in the second
                              earnings available to common shareholders of $519.5 million                          quarter, related to the early repayment of one of Rockefeller’s
                              or $2.18 per share for the comparative period in 2023,                               financing facilities.
                              representing a decrease of 15.1% in earnings per share.
                                                                                                                 Other items for the six months ended June 30, 2023 consisted of:
                              Adjusted net earnings available to common shareholders (a
                                                                                                                 • Restructuring and other charges of $76.2 million after-tax
                              non-IFRS measure – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures and                               ($103.3 million pre-tax), recorded in the second quarter,




                                                               Management's Discussion and Analysis | IGM Financial Inc. 2024 Second Quarter Report                                  7
                              C  4                                     P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
       related to further streamlining and simplifying the Company’s                                • Lifeco other items of ($5.7) million, including ($5.9) million
       operating model to better align with business priorities.                                      recorded in the second quarter.
    • A gain on the sale of a portion of the Company’s investment                                   Shareholders’ equity was $7.1 billion as at June 30, 2024,
      in Lifeco of $168.6 million after-tax ($172.9 million pre-tax),                               compared to $6.7 billion at December 31, 2023. Adjusted ROE
      consisting of $174.8 million recorded in the first quarter                                    (a non-IFRS ratio – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other
      and a decrease of $6.2 million that was recorded on a                                         Financial Measures) for the six months ended June 30, 2024
      prospective basis in the second quarter.
                                                                                                    was 12.9% compared to 13.5% for the comparative period
    • Lifeco IFRS 17 adjustment of $15.1 million, recorded in the                                   in 2023. Adjusted ROE excluding the impact of fair value
      second quarter, representing a change of estimate which was                                   through other comprehensive income investments (a non-IFRS
      recorded on a prospective basis.                                                              ratio – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial



    Table 1: Reconciliation of Non-IFRS Financial Measures

                                                                                                                                      Three months ended                   Six months ended
                                                                                                                    2024            2024                 2023           2024           2023
    ($ millions except EPS)                                                                                       Jun. 30          Mar. 31             Jun. 30        Jun. 30        Jun. 30

    Adjusted net earnings available to common shareholders(1)                                               $      220.4      $     224.5         $     211.4    $     444.9    $     417.7
     Restructuring and other, net of tax                                                                                –                   –           (76.2)             –          (76.2)
     Gain on sale of Lifeco, net of tax                                                                                 –                   –            (6.2)             –          168.6
     Lifeco IFRS 17 adjustment                                                                                          –                   –            15.1              –           15.1
     Lifeco other items                                                                                              (0.9)                (1.1)          (5.9)          (2.0)          (5.7)
     Rockefeller debt refinancing                                                                                    (3.3)                  –               –           (3.3)             –
    Net earnings available to common shareholders                                                           $      216.2      $     223.4         $     138.2    $     439.6    $     519.5
    Adjusted earnings per share(1)                                                                          $       0.93      $       0.94        $      0.89    $      1.87    $      1.75
     Restructuring and other, net of tax                                                                                –                   –           (0.32)             –          (0.32)
     Gain on sale of Lifeco, net of tax                                                                                 –                   –           (0.02)             –           0.71
     Lifeco IFRS 17 adjustment                                                                                          –                   –            0.06              –           0.06
     Lifeco other items                                                                                                 –                   –           (0.03)         (0.01)         (0.02)
     Rockefeller debt refinancing                                                                                  (0.02)                   –               –          (0.01)             –
    Earnings per share        (2)
                                                                                                            $       0.91      $       0.94        $      0.58    $      1.85    $      2.18
    Average outstanding shares – Diluted (thousands)                                                            237,397           238,112             238,631        237,788        238,619

    EBITDA before sales commissions(1)                                                                      $      365.4      $     374.5         $     357.7    $     739.9    $     701.8
     Sales–based commissions paid                                                                                  (32.1)            (33.2)             (26.5)         (65.3)         (59.8)
    EBITDA after sales commissions        (1)
                                                                                                                   333.3            341.3               331.2          674.6          642.0
     Sales–based commissions paid subject to amortization                                                           32.1              33.2               26.5           65.3           59.8
     Amortization of capitalized sales commissions                                                                 (26.1)            (25.4)             (22.9)         (51.5)         (44.8)
     Amortization of capital, intangible and other assets                                                          (22.4)            (23.6)             (26.7)         (46.0)         (52.9)
    Adjusted earnings before interest and income taxes             (1)
                                                                                                                   316.9            325.5               308.1          642.4          604.1
     Interest expense(3)                                                                                            32.2              32.3               32.9           64.5           61.1
    Adjusted earnings before income taxes – continuing and discontinued                                            284.7            293.2               275.2          577.9         543.0
    operations(1)
     Income taxes                                                                                                   63.2              67.3               63.2          130.5          123.5
    Adjusted net earnings(1)                                                                                       221.5            225.9               212.0          447.4          419.5




                                                                                                                                                                                               PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
     Restructuring and other, net of tax                                                                                –                   –           (76.2)             –          (76.2)
     Gain on sale of Lifeco, net of tax                                                                                 –                   –            (6.2)             –          168.6
     Lifeco IFRS 17 adjustment                                                                                          –                   –            15.1              –           15.1
     Lifeco other items                                                                                              (0.9)                (1.1)          (5.9)          (2.0)          (5.7)
     Rockefeller debt refinancing                                                                                    (3.3)                  –               –           (3.3)             –
    Net earnings                                                                                                   217.3            224.8               138.8          442.1          521.3
       Non-controlling interest                                                                                       1.1                 1.4             0.6            2.5            1.8
    Net earnings available to common shareholders                                                           $      216.2      $     223.4         $     138.2    $     439.6    $     519.5
    (1) A non-IFRS financial measure – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures section of this document.
    (2) Diluted earnings per share.
    (3) Interest expense includes interest on long-term debt and leases and in Q2 2023, also included interest on the credit facility.




8   IGM Financial Inc. 2024 Second Quarter Report | Management's Discussion and Analysis

                                          P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                                C  5
                              Measures) for the six months ended June 30, 2024 was 13.9%                         • Wealth Management – reflects the activities of its core
                              compared to 14.2% for the comparative period in 2023. The                            business and strategic investments that are principally
                              quarterly dividend per common share declared in the second                           focused on providing financial planning and related services
                              quarter of 2024 was 56.25 cents, unchanged from the first                            to retail client households. This segment includes the activities
                              quarter of 2024.                                                                     of IG Wealth Management which is a retail distribution
                                                                                                                    organization that serves Canadian households through its
                              Market Overview                                                                       securities dealer, mutual fund dealer and other subsidiaries
                                                                                                                    licensed to distribute financial products and services. A
                              Financial market returns were generally positive for the second
                                                                                                                    majority of the revenues of this segment are derived from
                              quarter of 2024:
                                                                                                                    providing financial advice and distributing financial products
                              • The S&P TSX Composite total return index decreased by                               and services to Canadian households. This segment also
                                0.5% in the second quarter and increased by 6.6% in the                             includes the investment management activities of these
                                first quarter.                                                                      organizations, including mutual fund management and
                              • U.S. equity markets, as measured by the S&P 500 total                               discretionary portfolio management services. This segment
                                return index, increased by 4.3% in the second quarter and                           also includes the Company’s strategic investments in
                                increased by 10.6% in the first quarter.                                            Rockefeller and Wealthsimple. Rockefeller is classified as an
                              • European equity markets, as measured by the MSCI Europe                             investment in associate and accounted for using the equity
                                net total return index, increased by 1.3% in the second                             method, with the proportionate share of earnings included
                                quarter and increased by 7.6% in the first quarter.                                 in revenue. Wealthsimple is classified as an investment which
                              • Asian equity markets, as measured by the MSCI AC Asia                               is accounted for as fair value through other comprehensive
                                Pacific net total return index, increased by 2.7% in the                            income (FVTOCI) and therefore has no impact on the segment
                                second quarter and increased by 5.0% in the first quarter.                          earnings. This segment previously included IPC, which was
                                                                                                                    sold on November 30, 2023. In comparative periods, IPC’s
                              • Chinese equity markets, as measured by the CSI 300 net
                                                                                                                    results were classified as discontinued operations.
                                total return index, decreased by 1.0% in the second quarter
                                and increased by 3.1% in the first quarter.                                      • Asset Management – reflects the activities of its core
                                                                                                                   business and strategic investments primarily focused on
                              • The FTSE TMX Canada Universe Bond total return index
                                                                                                                   providing investment management services. This segment
                                increased by 0.9% in the second quarter and decreased by
                                                                                                                   includes the operations of Mackenzie Investments which
                                1.2% in the first quarter.
                                                                                                                   provides investment management services to a suite of
                              • Our clients experienced average investment returns of 1.4%
                                                                                                                    investment funds that are distributed through third party
                                in the second quarter and 5.7% in the first quarter.
                                                                                                                    dealers and financial advisors, and through institutional
                              IGM Financial’s AUM&A increased by 5.1% from $240.2 billion                           advisory mandates to financial institutions, pensions and
                              at December 31, 2023 to $252.4 billion at June 30, 2024. See                          other institutional investors. This segment also includes the
                              Table 29 for the composition of IGM Financial’s AUM&A.                                Company’s strategic investment in ChinaAMC and Northleaf
                                                                                                                    which are classified as investments in associates and
                                                                                                                    accounted for using the equity method. The proportionate
                              Reportable Segments                                                                   share of earnings on these investments are included in the
                              In the fourth quarter of 2023, the Company realigned its                              segment’s revenue.
                              reportable segments to better characterize and simplify the                        • Corporate and Other – primarily represents the investments in
                              Company’s business lines into wealth management and asset                            Lifeco and Portage Ventures LPs, the Company’s unallocated
                              management segments.                                                                 capital, as well as consolidation elimination entries.
                              The revised segments reflect a realignment of Rockefeller                          Assets Under Management and Advisement (AUM&A)




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                              and Wealthsimple to the wealth management segment and                              represents the consolidated AUM and AUA of IGM Financial’s
                              ChinaAMC and Northleaf to the asset management segment.                            core businesses IG Wealth Management and Mackenzie
                              These changes have no impact on the reported earnings of                           Investments. In the Wealth Management segment, AUM is
                              the Company. Prior period comparative information has been                         a component part of AUA. All instances where the Asset
                              restated to reflect the realigned segments.                                        Management segment is providing investment management
                                                                                                                 services or distributing its products through the Wealth
                              The Company’s reportable segments are Wealth Management,
                                                                                                                 Management segment are eliminated in our reporting such
                              Asset Management and Corporate & Other and reflect the
                              Company’s internal financial reporting and performance                             that there is no double-counting of the same client savings
                              measurement (Tables 2, 3 and 4):                                                   held at IGM Financial’s core businesses. AUM&A excludes IPC’s




                                                              Management's Discussion and Analysis | IGM Financial Inc. 2024 Second Quarter Report                                     9
                              C  6                                     P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
    Table 2: Consolidated Operating Results by Segment – Q2 2024 vs. Q2 2023

                                                                        Wealth Management               Asset Management                 Corporate & Other                         Total
    Three months ended                                                    2024            2023           2024            2023             2024          2023          2024          2023
    ($ millions)                                                        Jun. 30         Jun. 30        Jun. 30         Jun. 30          Jun. 30       Jun. 30       Jun. 30       Jun. 30

    Revenues
     Wealth management                                              $    592.3      $   554.0      $         –     $         –     $      (2.3)   $     (1.5)   $   590.0     $   552.5

     Asset management                                                         –               –         271.5          264.2             (25.7)        (25.5)       245.8         238.7
     Dealer compensation expense                                              –               –          (80.2)         (78.8)            (0.9)         (0.7)        (81.1)        (79.5)
     Net asset management                                                     –               –         191.3           185.4            (26.6)        (26.2)       164.7         159.2

     Net investment income and other                                        2.7            4.0             3.2             1.0             4.1           3.1          10.0           8.1
     Proportionate share of associates’ earnings                           (2.4)           (2.4)          33.6           30.8             24.5          20.4          55.7         48.8
                                                                         592.6          555.6           228.1           217.2             (0.3)         (4.2)       820.4         768.6
    Expenses
     Advisory and business development                                   257.1          233.0             21.4           21.0                –             –        278.5         254.0
     Operations and support                                              114.3          105.5             90.8           89.7              0.8           0.2        205.9         195.4
     Sub-advisory                                                         46.5            43.0             1.4             1.1           (28.8)        (27.7)         19.1          16.4
                                                                         417.9          381.5           113.6           111.8            (28.0)        (27.5)       503.5         465.8
    Adjusted earnings before interest and taxes(1)                       174.7           174.1          114.5           105.4             27.7         23.3         316.9         302.8
    Interest expense(2)                                                   25.7            24.0             6.5             6.1               –             –          32.2          30.1
    Adjusted earnings before income taxes(1)                             149.0           150.1          108.0            99.3             27.7         23.3         284.7         272.7
    Income taxes                                                          40.3            39.9            22.1           21.6              0.8           1.0          63.2         62.5
    Adjusted net earnings – continuing operations(1)                     108.7           110.2            85.9           77.7             26.9         22.3         221.5         210.2
    Net earnings – discontinued operations                                    –            4.0               –               –               –          (2.2)            –           1.8
    Adjusted net earnings(1)                                             108.7           114.2            85.9           77.7             26.9          20.1        221.5         212.0
    Non-controlling interest                                                  –               –            1.1             0.6               –             –           1.1           0.6
    Adjusted net earnings available to common
    shareholders(1)                                                 $    108.7      $    114.2     $      84.8     $      77.1     $      26.9    $     20.1        220.4         211.4
    Other items , net of tax
                 (1)


     Restructuring and other                                                                                                                                             –         (76.2)
     Gain on sale of Lifeco                                                                                                                                              –          (6.2)
     Lifeco IFRS 17 adjustment                                                                                                                                           –          15.1
     Lifeco other items                                                                                                                                               (0.9)         (5.9)
     Rockefeller debt refinancing                                                                                                                                     (3.3)            –
    Net earnings available to common shareholders                                                                                                               $   216.2     $   138.2
    (1) A non-IFRS financial measure – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures section of this document.
    (2) Interest expense includes interest on long-term debt and leases.



    AUM, AUA, sales, redemptions and net flows which have been                                     to institutions, and other client accounts where we have
    disclosed as discontinued operations.                                                          discretionary portfolio management responsibilities.

    Assets Under Advisement (AUA) are the key driver of                                            Assets Under Management and Advisement Including
    the Wealth Management segment. AUA are savings and                                             Strategic Investments (AUM&A Including SI) represents




                                                                                                                                                                                            PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
    investment products held within client accounts of our                                         AUM&A including the Company’s proportionate share of the
    Wealth Management segment operating companies.                                                 AUM&A of strategic investments based on the Company’s
                                                                                                   direct and indirect ownership of the strategic investments.
    Assets Under Management (AUM) are the key driver of the
                                                                                                   The strategic investments included are those whose activities
    Asset Management segment. AUM are an additional driver
                                                                                                   are primarily in asset and wealth management, and include
    of revenues and expenses within the Wealth Management
                                                                                                   ChinaAMC, Northleaf, Rockefeller and Wealthsimple. Rockefeller
    segment in relation to its investment management activities.
                                                                                                   client assets include AUM&A as well as assets held for
    AUM are client assets where we provide investment
                                                                                                   investment purposes and only receiving administrative services.
    management services, and include investment funds where
    we are the fund manager, investment advisory mandates




10 IGM Financial Inc. 2024 Second Quarter Report | Management's Discussion and Analysis
                                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                               C  7
                              Table 3: Consolidated Operating Results by Segment – Six Months Ended

                                                                                                Wealth Management                Asset Management                Corporate & Other                              Total
                              Six months ended                                                    2024             2023           2024            2023            2024             2023          2024            2023
                              ($ millions)                                                      Jun. 30          Jun. 30        Jun. 30         Jun. 30         Jun. 30          Jun. 30       Jun. 30         Jun. 30

                              Revenues
                               Wealth management                                            $ 1,176.8       $ 1,089.7       $         –     $         –     $     (4.2)    $       (3.1)   $ 1,172.6      $ 1,086.6

                               Asset management                                                       –               –          539.4          526.0            (51.7)           (51.2)        487.7          474.8
                               Dealer compensation expense                                            –               –         (159.5)         (157.5)           (1.7)            (1.3)       (161.2)         (158.8)
                               Net asset management                                                   –               –          379.9          368.5            (53.4)           (52.5)        326.5          316.0

                               Net investment income and other                                      8.0             7.4             9.7            5.5             7.9              6.2          25.6            19.1
                               Proportionate share of associates’ earnings                         (7.5)           (3.2)          67.6            64.0            48.4            40.8          108.5          101.6
                                                                                                1,177.3         1,093.9          457.2          438.0             (1.3)            (8.6)       1,633.2        1,523.3
                              Expenses
                               Advisory and business development                                 501.3           456.0            42.8            43.7                –               –         544.1          499.7
                               Operations and support                                            229.3           213.8           179.3          182.8              1.2              0.6         409.8          397.2
                               Sub-advisory                                                       91.8            85.6              2.7            2.2           (57.6)           (55.6)         36.9           32.2
                                                                                                 822.4           755.4           224.8          228.7            (56.4)           (55.0)        990.8          929.1
                              Adjusted earnings before interest and taxes(1)                     354.9           338.5           232.4          209.3             55.1            46.4          642.4          594.2
                              Interest expense(2)                                                 51.5            46.3            13.0            11.9                –               –          64.5           58.2
                              Adjusted earnings before income taxes(1)                           303.4           292.2           219.4           197.4            55.1            46.4          577.9          536.0
                              Income taxes                                                        83.5            78.3            45.3            41.3             1.7              1.9         130.5          121.5
                              Adjusted net earnings – continuing operations(1)                   219.9           213.9           174.1           156.1            53.4            44.5          447.4          414.5
                              Net earnings – discontinued operations                                  –             7.0               –               –               –            (2.0)             –            5.0
                              Adjusted net earnings(1)                                           219.9           220.9           174.1           156.1            53.4             42.5         447.4          419.5
                              Non-controlling interest                                                –             0.2            2.5              1.6               –               –            2.5            1.8
                              Adjusted net earnings available to common
                              shareholders(1)                                               $    219.9      $    220.7      $    171.6      $   154.5       $     53.4     $       42.5         444.9           417.7
                              Other items , net of tax
                                           (1)


                               Restructuring and other                                                                                                                                               –          (76.2)
                               Gain on sale of Lifeco                                                                                                                                                –         168.6
                               Lifeco IFRS 17 adjustment                                                                                                                                             –           15.1
                               Lifeco other items                                                                                                                                                 (2.0)          (5.7)
                               Rockefeller debt refinancing                                                                                                                                       (3.3)             –
                              Net earnings available to common shareholders                                                                                                                $    439.6     $    519.5
                              (1) A non-IFRS financial measure – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures section of this document.
                              (2) Interest expense includes interest on long-term debt and leases.




                              Financial Presentation                                                                       • Asset management revenue – revenues earned by the Asset
                                                                                                                             Management segment related to investment management
                              The financial presentation includes revenues and expenses to
                                                                                                                             advisory and administrative services.
                              align with the key drivers of business activity and to reflect our
                                                                                                                           • Dealer compensation – asset-based and sales-based
                              emphasis on business growth and operational efficiency. The




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                                                                                                             compensation paid to dealers by the Asset Management
                              categories are as follows:
                                                                                                                             segment.
                              • Wealth management revenue – revenues earned by the
                                                                                                                           • Proportionate share of associates’ earnings – the Company’s
                                Wealth Management segment for providing financial planning,
                                                                                                                             proportionate share of earnings from equity investments
                                investment advisory and related financial services. Revenues
                                                                                                                             including Lifeco, ChinaAMC, Northleaf and Rockefeller.
                                 include financial advisory fees, investment management and
                                 related administration fees, distribution revenue associated                              • Advisory and business development expenses – expenses
                                 with insurance and banking products and services, and                                       incurred on activities directly associated with providing
                                 revenue relating to mortgage lending activities.                                               financial planning services to clients of the Wealth
                                                                                                                                Management segment and wholesale distribution activities
                                                                                                                                performed by the Asset Management segment. Expenses




                                                                      Management's Discussion and Analysis | IGM Financial Inc. 2024 Second Quarter Report                                                               11
                              C  8                                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
    Table 4: Consolidated Operating Results by Segment – Q2 2024 vs. Q1 2024

                                                                        Wealth Management               Asset Management                 Corporate & Other                           Total
    Three months ended                                                    2024           2024            2024           2024              2024         2024            2024         2024
    ($ millions)                                                        Jun. 30         Mar. 31        Jun. 30         Mar. 31          Jun. 30       Mar. 31        Jun. 30       Mar. 31

    Revenues
     Wealth management                                              $    592.3      $ 584.5        $         –     $         –     $      (2.3)   $      (1.9)   $   590.0     $   582.6

     Asset management                                                         –               –         271.5           267.9            (25.7)        (26.0)        245.8          241.9
     Dealer compensation expense                                              –               –          (80.2)         (79.3)            (0.9)          (0.8)        (81.1)        (80.1)
     Net asset management                                                     –               –         191.3           188.6            (26.6)        (26.8)        164.7          161.8

     Net investment income and other                                        2.7            5.3             3.2             6.5             4.1           3.8           10.0          15.6
     Proportionate share of associates’ earnings                           (2.4)           (5.1)         33.6            34.0             24.5          23.9           55.7          52.8
                                                                         592.6          584.7           228.1           229.1             (0.3)          (1.0)       820.4          812.8
    Expenses
     Advisory and business development                                   257.1          244.2             21.4           21.4                –              –        278.5          265.6
     Operations and support                                              114.3           115.0            90.8           88.5              0.8           0.4         205.9          203.9
     Sub-advisory                                                         46.5            45.3             1.4             1.3           (28.8)        (28.8)          19.1          17.8
                                                                         417.9          404.5           113.6           111.2            (28.0)        (28.4)        503.5          487.3
    Adjusted earnings before interest and taxes(1)                       174.7           180.2          114.5           117.9             27.7          27.4         316.9         325.5
    Interest expense(2)                                                   25.7            25.8             6.5             6.5               –              –          32.2          32.3
    Adjusted earnings before income taxes(1)                             149.0           154.4          108.0           111.4             27.7          27.4         284.7         293.2
    Income taxes                                                          40.3            43.2            22.1           23.2              0.8           0.9           63.2          67.3
    Adjusted net earnings – continuing operations(1)                     108.7           111.2            85.9           88.2             26.9          26.5         221.5         225.9
    Net earnings – discontinued operations                                    –               –              –               –               –              –             –             –
    Adjusted net earnings(1)                                             108.7           111.2            85.9           88.2             26.9          26.5         221.5         225.9
    Non-controlling interest                                                  –               –            1.1             1.4               –              –           1.1           1.4
    Adjusted net earnings available to common
    shareholders(1)                                                 $    108.7      $    111.2     $     84.8      $     86.8      $      26.9    $     26.5         220.4         224.5
    Other items , net of tax
                 (1)


     Lifeco other items                                                                                                                                                (0.9)          (1.1)
     Rockefeller debt refinancing                                                                                                                                      (3.3)            –
    Net earnings available to common shareholders                                                                                                                $   216.2     $   223.4
    (1) A non-IFRS financial measure – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures section of this document.
    (2) Interest expense includes interest on long-term debt and leases.




       include compensation, recognition and other support                                         • Sub-advisory expenses – reflects fees relating to investment
       provided to our advisors, field management, product &                                         management services provided by third party or related
       planning specialists; expenses associated with facilities,                                    party investment management organizations. These
       technology and training relating to our advisors and                                          fees typically are variable with the level of assets under
       specialists; other business development activities including                                  management. These fees include investment advisory
       direct marketing and advertising. A significant component                                       services performed for the Wealth Management segment by
       of these expenses varies directly with levels of assets                                         the Asset Management segment.




                                                                                                                                                                                              PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
       under management or advisement, business development
                                                                                                   Interest expense represents interest expense on long-term
       measures including sales and client acquisition, and the
                                                                                                   debt and leases. The change in interest expense for the
       number of advisor and client relationships.
                                                                                                   three and six months ended June 30, 2024 compared to 2023
    • Operations and support expenses – expenses associated                                        resulted from the impact of the issuance of $300 million
      with business operations, including technology and business                                  5.426% debentures on May 26, 2023. Interest expense is
      processes; in-house investment management and product                                        allocated to each segment based on management’s assessment
      shelf management; corporate management and support                                           of: i) capacity to service the debt, and ii) where the debt is being
      functions. These expenses primarily reflect compensation,                                    serviced. Interest expense related to the credit facility, which
      technology and other service provider expenses.                                              was temporary financing put in place in the second quarter of




12 IGM Financial Inc. 2024 Second Quarter Report | Management's Discussion and Analysis
                                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                                C  9
                              Table 5: Effective Income Tax Rate

                                                                                                                                                      Three months ended                Six months ended
                                                                                                                                 2024              2024                 2023        2024           2023
                                                                                                                               Jun. 30            Mar. 31             Jun. 30     Jun. 30        Jun. 30

                              Income taxes at Canadian federal and provincial statutory rates                                   26.58 %            26.59 %            26.52 %     26.59 %         26.67 %
                               Effect of:
                                 Proportionate share of associates’ earnings(1)                                                 (4.29)              (3.87)             (5.93)      (4.09)         (3.48)
                                 Other                                                                                          (0.14)              0.22                0.41        0.05           0.13
                              Effective income tax rate – before other items                                                    22.15              22.94              21.00       22.55           23.32
                               Gain on sale of Lifeco                                                                                –                   –              0.96           –          (6.85)
                               Lifeco IFRS 17 adjustment                                                                             –                   –             (2.34)          –          (0.66)
                               Lifeco other items(2)                                                                             0.08                0.10               0.93        0.09           0.25
                               Rockefeller debt refinancing                                                                      0.32                    –                  –       0.16              –
                              Effective income tax rate – net earnings from continuing operations                               22.55 %            23.04 %            20.55 %     22.80 %         16.06 %
                              (1) Includes proportionate share of Lifeco’s base earnings.
                              (2) Comparative figures have been restated to include Lifeco other items.




                              2023 and was repaid in the fourth quarter prior to the close of                               Other items, as reflected in Tables 2, 3 and 4, include the
                              the IPC sale, is included in discontinued operations and totalled                             after-tax impact of any item that management considers
                              $2.7 million for the three months ended June 30, 2023.                                        to be of a non-recurring nature or that could make the
                                                                                                                            period-over-period comparison of results from operations less
                              Income taxes are reported in each segment. IGM Financial
                                                                                                                            meaningful and are not allocated to segments.
                              consolidated changes in the effective tax rates are detailed in
                              Table 5.                                                                                      Other items for the six months ended June 30, 2024 consisted of:

                              Tax planning may result in the Company recording lower                                        • The Company’s proportionate share of items Lifeco excludes
                              levels of income taxes. Management monitors the status of its                                   from its base earnings (Lifeco other items) of ($2.0) million,
                              income tax filings and regularly assesses the overall adequacy                                  including ($0.9) million recorded in the second quarter.
                              of its provision for income taxes and, as a result, income                                    • The Company’s proportionate share of Rockefeller one-time
                              taxes recorded in prior years may be adjusted in the current                                    debt refinancing costs of $3.3 million, recorded in the second
                              year. The effect of changes in management’s best estimates                                       quarter, related to the early repayment of one of Rockefeller’s
                              reported in adjusted net earnings is reflected in Other, which                                   financing facilities.
                              also includes, but is not limited to, the effect of lower effective
                                                                                                                            Other items for the three and six months ended June 30, 2023
                              income tax rates on foreign operations.                                                       consisted of:
                              In December 2021, the Organization for Economic Co-operation                                  • Restructuring and other charges of $76.2 million after-tax
                              and Development (OECD) published the Pillar Two model rules                                     ($103.3 million pre-tax), recorded in the second quarter,
                              outlining a structure for a new 15% global minimum tax regime.                                  related to further streamlining and simplifying the Company’s
                              Pillar Two legislation in Canada was enacted on June 20, 2024,                                  operating model to better align with business priorities.
                              and applies retroactively to January 1, 2024. Other countries                                 • A gain on the sale of a portion of the Company’s investment
                              where the Company operates, including Ireland and the UK,                                       in Lifeco of $168.6 million after-tax ($172.9 million pre-tax),
                              had previously enacted Pillar Two legislation, also effective                                   consisting of $174.8 million recorded in the first quarter
                              January 1, 2024.                                                                                and a decrease of $6.2 million that was recorded on a




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                              The global minimum tax is very complex in nature and will apply                                 prospective basis in the second quarter.
                              to the Company as part of a larger related group of companies.                                • Lifeco IFRS 17 adjustment of $15.1 million, recorded in the
                              The Company currently expects the global minimum tax to                                         second quarter, representing a change of estimate which
                              apply to income in Ireland where the statutory tax rate is                                      was recorded on a prospective basis.
                              below 15%. The amount of tax is not expected to be material                                   • Lifeco other items of ($5.7) million, including ($5.9) million
                              to the Company.                                                                                 recorded in the second quarter.




                                                                        Management's Discussion and Analysis | IGM Financial Inc. 2024 Second Quarter Report                                                13
                              C  10                                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
    Total AUM&A                                                                            The Company also benefits from the underlying assets under
                                                                                           management of the Company’s investments in associates,
    IGM Financial’s AUM&A Including SI were $431.7 billion as at
                                                                                           including ChinaAMC, Northleaf, Rockefeller and its investment
    June 30, 2024 compared to $376.1 billion at June 30, 2023, as
                                                                                           in Wealthsimple which is classified as FVTOCI. The Company
    detailed in Table 6.
                                                                                           has included its proportionate share of the AUM&A of these
    AUM&A were $252.4 billion at June 30, 2024 compared to                                 investments in its AUM&A Including SI based on its direct and
    $234.7 billion at June 30, 2023, an increase of 7.6%, as detailed                      indirect interest in these companies.
    in Table 6. AUM were $237.4 billion at June 30, 2024 compared
                                                                                           At June 30, 2024, ChinaAMC’s AUM was RMB¥ 2,158.5 billion
    to $222.6 billion at June 30, 2023, an increase of 6.6%.
                                                                                           ($406.5 billion) compared to RMB¥ 1,801.7 billion ($328.9 billion)
    AUM&A net outflows in the second quarter of 2024 were                                  at June 30, 2023, an increase of 19.8% (CAD 23.6%).
    $1.1 billion compared to net outflows of $767 million in the                           IGM Financial holds a 27.8% interest in ChinaAMC.
    second quarter of 2023, as detailed in Table 6. Second quarter
                                                                                           At June 30, 2024, Northleaf’s AUM was $29.1 billion compared
    investment fund net redemptions were $1.4 billion, compared
                                                                                           to $25.2 billion at June 30, 2023, an increase of 15.5%.
    to net redemptions of $1.1 billion in the second quarter of
                                                                                           IGM Financial holds a 56% economic interest in Northleaf.
    2023. Net outflows for the six months ended June 30, 2024
    were $1.2 billion compared to net outflows of $93 million in                           At June 30, 2024, Rockefeller’s client assets were USD
    2023. Investment fund net redemptions for the six month                                $140.0 billion ($191.6 billion) compared to USD $112.2 billion
    period were $1.9 billion in 2024 compared to net redemptions                           ($148.6 billion) at June 30, 2023, an increase of 24.8%
    of $1.3 billion in 2023. Net flows and net sales are based on                          (CAD 28.9%). IGM Financial holds a 20.5% interest in Rockefeller.
    AUM&A excluding sub-advisory assets to Canada Life and to
                                                                                           At June 30, 2024, Wealthsimple’s AUA was $43.6 billion
    the Wealth Management segment.
                                                                                           compared to $23.4 billion at June 30, 2023, an increase of
    In January 2024, the IG Wealth Management pension plan                                 86.7%. IGM Financial holds a 28.3% interest in Wealthsimple.
    executed a redemption of $177 million from IG Wealth
                                                                                           Changes in AUM&A for the Wealth Management and Asset
    Management mutual funds. These funds were subsequently
                                                                                           Management segments are discussed further in each of their
    reallocated into a separately managed account managed
                                                                                           respective Review of the Business sections in the MD&A.
    by Mackenzie. Excluding this specific activity, IGM Financial
    investment funds net redemptions for the six months ended
    June 30, 2024 amounted to $1.7 billion, while separately                               Summary of Quarterly Results
    managed accounts experienced net sales of $26 million.                                 The Summary of Quarterly Results in Table 7 includes the eight
    Notably, this transaction had no impact on the overall net flows                       most recent quarters and the reconciliation of non-IFRS financial
    for IGM Financial.                                                                     measures to net earnings in accordance with IFRS.
    In June 2024, IGM Financial experienced heightened investment                          Changes in average AUM&A over the eight most recent quarters,
    fund gross sales, redemptions and heightened positive other                            as shown in Table 7, largely reflect the impact of changes in
    net flows due to clients strategically triggering capital gains in                     domestic and foreign markets and net sales of the Company.
    advance of changes to Canada’s capital gains tax policy that
    took effect on June 25, 2024.




                                                                                                                                                                PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.




14 IGM Financial Inc. 2024 Second Quarter Report | Management's Discussion and Analysis
                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                         C  11
                              Table 6: AUM&A

                                                                                                                                                                      Intercompany
                                                                                                  Wealth Management (1)           Asset Management(2)                   Eliminations (3)              Consolidated
                                                                                                       2024           2023          2024            2023          2024            2023        2024             2023
                              ($ millions)                                                           Jun. 30        Jun. 30       Jun. 30         Jun. 30       Jun. 30         Jun. 30     Jun. 30          Jun. 30

                              Three months ended
                              Gross flows
                               Mutual fund gross sales(4)                                        $   4,214      $    2,581 $       2,142      $    1,742 $            –     $         – $   6,356        $   4,323
                               Dealer gross inflows(3)                                               3,565           2,795              –               –             –               –     3,565            2,795
                               Discontinued operations inflows                                             –         1,033              –               –             –               –          –           1,033
                              Net flows
                               Mutual fund net sales(4)                                               (612)           (509)         (906)           (701)             –               –     (1,518)          (1,210)
                               ETF net creations                                                           –              –          161               85             –               –       161                85
                               Investment fund net sales                                              (612)           (509)         (745)            (616)            –               –     (1,357)          (1,125)
                               Institutional SMA net sales(5)                                              –              –         (171)            273              –               –      (171)             273
                               IGM product net sales                                                  (612)           (509)         (916)           (343)             –               –     (1,528)           (852)
                               Other dealer net flows                                                  439               85             –               –             –               –       439                85
                               Total net flows   (3)
                                                                                                      (173)           (424)         (916)           (343)             –               –     (1,089)           (767)
                               Discontinued operations net flows                                           –            (88)            –               –             –             34           –              (54)
                               Total net flows including discontinued operations(3)                   (173)            (511)        (916)           (343)             –             33      (1,089)            (821)

                              Six months ended
                              Gross flows
                               Mutual fund gross sales(4)                                        $   8,011      $    5,602 $       4,499      $    4,031 $            –     $         – $ 12,510         $   9,633
                               Dealer gross inflows(3)                                               7,264           6,458              –               –             –               –     7,264            6,458
                               Discontinued operations inflows                                             –         2,382              –               –             –               –          –           2,382
                              Net flows
                               Mutual fund net sales(4)(6)                                            (927)           (782)       (1,432)            (615)            –               –     (2,359)          (1,397)
                               ETF net creations                                                           –              –          493               71             –               –       493                71
                               Investment fund net sales                                              (927)           (782)         (939)           (544)             –               –     (1,866)          (1,326)
                               Institutional SMA net sales(5)(6)                                           –              –         (151)            371              –               –      (151)             371
                               IGM product net sales                                                  (927)           (782)       (1,090)           (173)             –               –     (2,017)           (955)
                               Other dealer net flows                                                  800             862              –               –             –               –       800              862
                               Total net flows(3)                                                     (127)              80       (1,090)           (173)             –               –     (1,217)             (93)
                               Discontinued operations net flows                                           –           225              –               –             –             37           –             262
                               Total net flows including discontinued operations(3)                   (127)            307        (1,090)           (173)             –             35      (1,217)            169

                              (1) Effective January 2023, Mackenzie Investment fund products sold through IG Wealth Management are reported within IG Wealth Management’s AUM and Mackenzie
                                  Sub-advisory and AUM to Wealth Management.
                              (2) Asset Management flows activity excludes sub-advisory to Canada Life and the Wealth Management segment.
                              (3) Consolidated results eliminate double counting where business is reflected within multiple segments.
                              (4) Wealth Management AUM and net sales include separately managed accounts.
                              (5) Sub-advisory, institutional and other accounts – During the second quarter of 2023, Mackenzie onboarded an institutional mandate of $490 million.
                              (6) In the first quarter of 2024, the IG Wealth Management pension plan redeemed $177 million from IG Wealth Management mutual funds that was re-allocated into a
                                  separately managed account managed by Mackenzie.




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.




                                                                      Management's Discussion and Analysis | IGM Financial Inc. 2024 Second Quarter Report                                                             15
                              C  12                                             P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
    Table 6: AUM&A (continued)
                                                                                                                                              Intercompany
                                                                            Wealth Management               Asset Management                    Eliminations (1)              Consolidated
                                                                               2024            2023          2024            2023          2024           2023        2024            2023
    ($ millions)                                                             Jun. 30         Jun. 30       Jun. 30         Jun. 30       Jun. 30        Jun. 30     Jun. 30         Jun. 30

    AUM&A
     IG Wealth Management
       AUM(2)                                                            $114,655        $ 104,761
       Other AUA                                                            15,061          12,053
       AUA                                                                 129,716         116,814
     Mackenzie Investments
       Mutual funds                                                                                     $ 58,505       $ 56,371
       ETFs(3)                                                                                             6,250           5,168
       Investment funds                                                                                   64,755          61,539

       Institutional SMA                                                                                   8,011           7,203
       Sub-advisory to Canada Life(4)                                                                     49,960          47,871
       Total Institutional SMA                                                                            57,971          55,074

       Third Party AUM                                                                                   122,726         116,613
       Sub-advisory and AUM to Wealth Management(4)                                                       79,393          76,722
       Total AUM                                                                                         202,119         193,335
     Consolidated excluding discontinued operations(5)
       AUM                                                               $114,655        $ 104,761 $202,119            $193,335 $ (79,393)          $ (75,484) $237,381          $ 222,612
       AUM&A                                                               129,716         116,814       202,119        193,335         (79,393)      (75,484)     252,442        234,665
     Strategic investments(6)
       ChinaAMC                                                                                          112,998          91,443
       Northleaf                                                                                          16,308          14,120
       Rockefeller                                                          39,195          30,395
       Wealthsimple                                                         12,354           6,635
       Intra-segment eliminations                                                 (7)             (5)        (329)          (255)
                                                                            51,542          37,025       128,977        105,308         (1,275)           (897)    179,244        141,436
     Consolidated AUM&A Including SI(5)                                  $181,258        $153,839 $331,096             $ 298,643 $ (80,668)         $ (76,381) $431,686          $ 376,101
    (1) Consolidated results eliminate double counting where business is reflected within multiple segments.
    (2) Wealth Management AUM includes separately managed accounts.
    (3) ETF assets inclusive of IGM Financial’s managed products were $14.4 billion at June 30, 2024 (2023 – $12.9 billion).
    (4) Effective November 30, 2023, Mackenzie’s sub-advisory to discontinued operations, which had previously been reported in sub-advisory and AUM to Wealth
        Management, are now reported in sub-advisory to Canada Life.
    (5) 2023 excludes discontinued operations of IPC: Wealth Management AUM of $4.9 billion and AUA of $31.0 billion; AUA elimination entries of ($4.6) billion; and IGM
        consolidated AUM&A of $26.4 billion.
    (6) Proportionate share of strategic investments’ AUM comprised of 27.8% (2023 – 27.8%) of ChinaAMC’s AUM, 56% (2023 – 56%) of Northleaf’s AUM, 20.5% (2023 – 20.5%)
        of Rockefeller’s client assets, and 28.3% (2023 – 28.4%) of Wealthsimple’s AUA.




                                                                                                                                                                                              PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.




16 IGM Financial Inc. 2024 Second Quarter Report | Management's Discussion and Analysis
                                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                               C  13
                              Table 7: Summary of Quarterly Results
                                                                                                                2024         2024          2023          2023          2023         2023        2022        2022
                                                                                                                  Q2           Q1            Q4            Q3            Q2           Q1          Q4          Q3

                              Consolidated statements of earnings ($ millions)
                              Revenues
                               Wealth management                                                         $    590.0 $      582.6 $       550.0 $       563.1 $       552.5 $       534.1 $    530.8 $     532.6

                               Asset management                                                               245.8        241.9         234.3         239.9         238.7         236.1      233.5       235.7
                               Dealer compensation expense                                                     (81.1)       (80.1)        (76.7)        (78.6)        (79.5)       (79.3)      (77.0)      (77.4)
                               Net asset management                                                           164.7         161.8         157.6         161.3         159.2        156.8       156.5       158.3

                               Net investment income and other                                                  10.0         15.6          10.6            7.9           8.1        11.0        14.9        10.3
                               Proportionate share of associates’ earnings                                      55.7         52.8          56.6          49.2          48.8         52.8        60.1        46.6
                                                                                                              820.4        812.8         774.8         781.5         768.6         754.7      762.3        747.8
                              Expenses
                               Advisory and business development                                              278.5        265.6         253.2         253.3         254.0         245.7      238.5        235.1
                               Operations and support                                                         205.9        203.9         208.8         196.4         195.4         201.8      200.0        189.9
                               Sub-advisory                                                                     19.1         17.8          16.7          16.8          16.4         15.8        15.5        15.2
                               Interest(1)                                                                      32.2         32.3          32.5          32.5          30.1         28.1        28.5        28.5
                                                                                                              535.7        519.6          511.2        499.0         495.9         491.4      482.5       468.7
                              Earnings before undernoted                                                      284.7        293.2         263.6         282.5         272.7        263.3       279.8        279.1
                              Restructuring and other                                                              –             –             –             –       (103.3)           –           –           –
                              Gain on sale of Lifeco                                                               –             –             –             –          (6.2)      179.1           –           –
                              Lifeco IFRS 17 adjustment                                                            –             –             –             –         15.1            –           –           –
                              Lifeco other items                                                                (0.9)         (1.1)         (6.0)       (10.7)          (5.9)        0.2         5.3         0.3
                              Rockefeller debt refinancing                                                      (3.3)            –             –             –             –           –           –           –
                              Earnings before income taxes                                                    280.5        292.1         257.6         271.8         172.4        442.6        285.1       279.4
                              Income taxes                                                                      63.2         67.3          56.0          60.4          35.4         63.3        61.8        63.4
                              Net earnings from continuing operations                                         217.3        224.8         201.6          211.4         137.0        379.3      223.3        216.0
                              Net earnings from discontinued operations                                            –             –        219.7           (1.5)          1.8         3.2         3.7         1.0
                              Net earnings                                                                    217.3        224.8         421.3         209.9         138.8        382.5        227.0       217.0
                              Non-controlling interest                                                           1.1          1.4            1.7           0.1          0.6          1.2         2.3         0.9
                              Net earnings available to common shareholders                              $    216.2 $      223.4 $       419.6 $       209.8 $       138.2 $       381.3 $     224.7 $     216.1
                              Reconciliation of non-IFRS financial measures ($ millions)
                              Adjusted net earnings available to common shareholders(2)                  $    220.4 $      224.5 $       204.9 $       220.5 $        211.4 $     206.3 $      219.4 $     215.8
                              Other items:
                               Gain on sale of IPC                                                                 –             –       220.7               –             –           –           –           –
                               Restructuring and other, net of tax ($27.1 million)                                 –             –             –             –        (76.2)           –           –           –
                               Gain on sale of Lifeco, net of tax (Q1 – $4.3 million)                              –             –             –             –          (6.2)      174.8           –           –
                               Lifeco IFRS 17 adjustment                                                           –             –             –             –         15.1            –           –           –
                               Lifeco other items                                                               (0.9)         (1.1)         (6.0)       (10.7)          (5.9)        0.2         5.3         0.3
                               Rockefeller debt refinancing                                                     (3.3)            –             –             –             –           –           –           –
                              Net earnings available to common shareholders                              $    216.2 $      223.4 $        419.6 $      209.8 $       138.2 $       381.3 $     224.7 $     216.1
                              Earnings per share ($)
                              Adjusted earnings per share(2)
                               – Basic                                                                   $      0.93 $       0.94 $        0.86 $        0.93 $        0.89 $       0.87 $      0.92 $      0.91
                               – Diluted                                                                        0.93         0.94          0.86          0.92          0.89         0.87        0.92        0.91
                              Earnings per share
                               – Basic                                                                          0.91         0.94          1.76          0.88          0.58         1.60        0.95        0.91




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                               – Diluted                                                                        0.91         0.94          1.76          0.88          0.58         1.60        0.94        0.91
                              Average outstanding shares – Diluted (thousands)                               237,397     238,112       238,156       238,550      238,631        238,424     237,958     237,808
                              Average AUM&A(3) ($ billions)
                               Investment fund AUM                                                       $    178.0 $      173.0 $       164.0 $       165.7 $       165.4 $      164.2 $      158.6 $     159.5
                               Total AUM                                                                      236.3        231.0         219.2         221.5         221.8        220.2        213.1       213.8
                               AUM&A                                                                          250.9        245.0         232.1         233.7         233.6         231.6      222.6       222.4
                              Ending AUM&A(3) ($ billions)
                               Investment fund AUM                                                       $    179.4 $      178.5 $       169.5 $       160.9 $       166.3 $       165.6 $     158.9 $     153.0
                               Total AUM                                                                      237.4        237.7         226.6         215.2         222.6        222.3        213.6      205.3
                               AUM&A                                                                          252.4        252.2         240.2         227.4         234.7         234.1      224.2        214.1
                              Ending AUM&A Including SI(3) ($ billions)                                  $    431.7 $      422.8 $       390.6 $       373.8 $        376.1 $      349.9 $    288.9 $      277.9
                              (1) Interest expense includes interest on long-term debt and leases.
                              (2) A non-IFRS financial measure – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures section of this document.
                              (3) As detailed in AUM&A definitions, AUM, AUA and AUM&A exclude IPC discontinued operations.

                                                                      Management's Discussion and Analysis | IGM Financial Inc. 2024 Second Quarter Report                                                          17
                              C  14                                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
    Wealth Management
    The Wealth Management segment includes IG Wealth                                       • Other financial planning revenues are fees related
    Management and strategic investments in Rockefeller                                      to providing clients other financial products including
    and Wealthsimple.                                                                        mortgages, insurance and banking products.

    The Wealth Management segment also included IPC in 2023,                               • Proportionate share of associates’ earnings is the
    which was classified as discontinued operations and was sold                             Company’s proportionate share of earnings from the
    in the fourth quarter of 2023.                                                           segment’s equity investments.

                                                                                           Sub-advisory fees are paid between segments and to third
    Wealth Management revenue consists of:
                                                                                           parties for investment management services provided to our
    • Advisory fees are related to providing financial advice to
                                                                                           investment products. Wealth Management is considered a
      clients including fees related to the distribution of products
                                                                                           client of the Asset Management segment and transfer pricing is
      and depend largely on the level and composition of AUA.
                                                                                           based on values for similar sized asset management mandates.
    • Product and program fees are related to the management
      of investment products and include management,                                       Debt and interest expense is allocated to each IGM Financial
      administration and other related fees and depend largely                             segment based on management’s assessment of: i) capacity
      on the level and composition of assets under management.                             to service the debt, and ii) where the debt is being serviced.
                                                                                           Income taxes are also reported in each segment.




    Review of the Business
    IG Wealth Management, founded in 1926, is a leading wealth                             Investment Planning Counsel
    management company in Canada that focuses on providing
                                                                                           On November 30, 2023, IGM Financial completed the sale of
    comprehensive personal financial planning to Canadians
                                                                                           100% of the common shares of IPC.
    through its advisors by offering a broad range of financial
    products and services.                                                                 The operating results of IPC included within the Wealth
                                                                                           Management segment Table 10 – Operating Results – Wealth
    Rockefeller, founded in 2018, is a leading U.S. independent
                                                                                           Management have been classified as discontinued operations
    financial services advisory firm focused on the high-net-worth
                                                                                           and are shown as a separate line item for comparative periods
    and ultra-high-net-worth segments. Rockefeller’s goal is to
                                                                                           under review.
    be a premier advisory firm that redefines and elevates the
    financial services experience to empower individuals, families,
    institutions and corporations to realize their aspirations and                         IG Wealth Management
    achieve their most important goals.
                                                                                           IG Wealth Management is one of the largest independent
    Wealthsimple, founded in 2014, is one of Canada’s fastest                              financial planning firms in Canada, with advisors in every
    growing financial services companies and provides simple digital                       community from coast to coast. We are driven by our mission
    tools for growing and managing your money. Wealthsimple’s                              to inspire financial confidence that can transform the lives of




                                                                                                                                                                PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
    mission is to help everyone achieve financial freedom.                                 our clients and their families and we are deeply committed to
                                                                                           improving financial literacy in the communities where we work
                                                                                           and live.
    Rockefeller Capital Management
    On April 3, 2023, IGM Financial acquired a 20.5% equity interest                       Our exclusive network is comprised of 3,176 advisors. IG Wealth
    in Rockefeller for cash consideration of $835 million (USD                             Management clients are more than one million individuals,
    $622 million).                                                                         families and business owners.

                                                                                           Canadians hold $6.2 trillion in discretionary financial assets
                                                                                           with financial institutions at December 31, 2022, based on
                                                                                           the most recent report from Investor Economics, and we




18 IGM Financial Inc. 2024 Second Quarter Report | Management's Discussion and Analysis
                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                          C  15
                              view these savings as IG Wealth Management’s addressable                              Our advisory services are most suited to individuals with
                              market. 75% of these savings are held by households with                              complicated financial needs.
                              over $1 million, which are referred to as high net worth, and
                                                                                                                    IG Wealth Management provides advice through two primary
                              another 22% reside with households with between $100,000
                                                                                                                    channels:
                              and $1 million, which are referred to as mass affluent. These
                              segments tend to have more complicated financial needs, and                           • IG Wealth Management entrepreneurial advisors are focused
                              IG Wealth Management’s focus on providing comprehensive                                 on households with more complex needs by focusing on
                              financial planning solutions positions it well to compete and                           households with greater than $250,000 of assets.
                              grow in these segments.                                                               • IG Wealth Management corporate channel advisors
                                                                                                                      are focused on servicing households with less complex
                                                                                                                      requirements with assets up to $250,000.
                              Strategy
                              Our goal is to help Canadians achieve financial well-being                            Our entrepreneurial advisor network creates a competitive
                              through better planning as Canada’s top financial planning firm.                      advantage and drives client engagement with a focus on
                                                                                                                    comprehensive financial planning and product solutions. Our
                              We strive to meet our strategic mandate by:                                           advantage is further enabled by hiring top quality advisors,
                              1) Focusing on key mass affluent and high net worth segments                          increasing proficiency, improving technology, implementing a
                                 by aligning our capabilities to industry wealth drivers.                           client segmentation approach and enhancing a strong brand.

                              2) Utilizing a segmented advice model to align our                                    AUA consists of the following:
                                 best-in-class advice with Canadians’ financial planning                            • Clients with household assets greater than $1 million
                                 needs and complexities.                                                              (defined as “high net worth”) which totalled $53.0 billion at
                                                                                                                      June 30, 2024, an increase of 26.3% from one year ago, and
                              3) Leveraging leading innovation to enhance client experience
                                                                                                                       represented 41% of total AUA.
                                 and improve operational efficiencies.
                                                                                                                    • Clients with household assets between $100 thousand
                              IG Wealth Management has a client-centric strategy with                                  and $1 million (defined as “mass affluent”) which totalled
                              a focus on high net worth (HNW) and mass affluent client                                 $68.1 billion at June 30, 2024, an increase of 4.2% from one
                              segments, which we define as households with over $1 million                             year ago, and represented 52% of total AUA.
                              and between $100 thousand and $1 million, respectively.                               • Clients with household assets less than $100 thousand
                              IG Wealth Management is committed to increasing the financial                            (defined as “mass market”) which totalled $8.6 billion at
                              confidence of all Canadians by leveraging our people, expertise                          June 30, 2024, a decrease of 9.4% from one year ago, and
                              and resources because we believe it will help create stronger                            represented 7% of total AUA.
                              communities and a better future for all.                                              IG Wealth Management advisor practices are industry leaders
                              We believe that Canadians deserve a high standard of advice                           in holding a credentialed financial planning designation. These
                              that takes into consideration all dimensions of their financial lives                 designations are nationally recognized financial planning
                              with financial plans tailored to meet and adapt to their needs.                       qualifications that require an individual to demonstrate
                                                                                                                    financial planning competence through education, standardized
                              We focus on providing comprehensive financial advice and                              examinations, continuing education requirements, and
                              well-constructed investment solutions designed to deliver                             accountability to ethical standards.
                              returns and risks that take into account each client’s needs
                              and requirements.                                                                     The following provides a breakdown of the IG Wealth
                                                                                                                    Management advisor network into its significant components
                                                                                                                    at June 30, 2024:
                              Financial Advice




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                                                                                                    • 1,655 advisor practices (1,776 at June 30, 2023), which
                              Our advisors focus on providing financial advice which is the                           reflect advisors with more than four years of experience.
                              value of all efforts that sit outside the investment portfolio                          These practices may include associates as described
                              construction. This includes the value that an advisor adds to                           below. The level and productivity of advisor practices is a
                              a client relationship and comes from the creation and follow                            key measurement of our business as they serve clientele
                              through of a well-constructed financial plan.                                           representing approximately 94% of AUM.
                                                                                                                    • 270 new advisors (304 at June 30, 2023), which are those
                              Advisors
                                                                                                                      advisors with less than four years of experience.
                              IG Wealth Management has a national distribution network of
                                                                                                                    • 1,251 associates and regional vice-presidents (1,163 at
                              more than 3,000 advisors in communities throughout Canada.
                                                                                                                      June 30, 2023). Associates are licensed team members of




                                                                 Management's Discussion and Analysis | IGM Financial Inc. 2024 Second Quarter Report                                 19
                              C  16                                       P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
       advisor practices who provide financial planning services                              wealth transfer and estate planning, small and medium
       and advice to the clientele served by the team.                                        enterprise monetization, high net worth financial literacy and
     • IG Wealth Management had a total advisor network of 3,176                              philanthropy and legacy planning.
       (3,243 at June 30, 2023).                                                              IG Living Plan allows clients to collaborate with an IG Wealth
     IG Wealth Management uses advisor productivity as a key                                  Management advisor through an enhanced digital experience
     performance measure in evaluating its advisor network. The                               to develop and track a financial plan which is unique to each
     productivity is measured based on gross inflows per advisor                              client’s goals.
     and is monitored for both advisor recruits with less than
                                                                                              IG Wealth Management has a full range of products that allow
     4 years experience and advisor practices with greater than
                                                                                              us to provide a tailored IG Living Plan that evolves over time.
     4 years experience.
                                                                                              These products include:
     • The advisor recruit’s gross inflows were $0.7 million per                              • Powerful financial solutions that include investment
       advisor compared to $0.6 million in the comparative period                               vehicles, focusing on managed solutions, that match risk
       of 2023.
                                                                                                  and investment performance to each client’s needs and
     • The advisor practice gross inflows were $1.9 million per                                   requirements.
       practice compared to $1.4 million in the comparative period                            • Insurance products that include a variety of policy types
       of 2023.                                                                                 from the leading insurers in Canada.
     Key initiatives that impact advisor productivity are:                                    • Mortgage banking solutions that are offered as part of a
     • Tightened recruiting standards that increased the likelihood                               comprehensive financial plan.
       of success while also enhancing our culture and brand.
                                                                                              The Charitable Giving Program is a donor-advised giving
     • Corporate advice channel that provides consistent service                              program which enables Canadians to make donations and
       levels to clients with less complex needs and creates capacity                         build an enduring charitable giving legacy with considerably
       for advisors.                                                                          less expense and complexity than setting up and administering
     • Product and pricing enhancements with a focus on the high                              their own private foundation.
       net worth and mass affluent segments.
                                                                                              The IG Advisory Account (IGAA) is a fee-based account that
     • Continued technology enhancements such as the Advisor
                                                                                              improves client experience by offering the ability to simplify
       Desktop powered by Salesforce.                                                         and consolidate selected investments into a single account
     • IG Living Plan™ and other client experience enhancements.                              while providing all our clients with a transparent advisory fee.
     • Digital application to deliver tailored client investment                              IGAA increases fee transparency and can hold most securities
       proposals (powered by CapIntel).                                                       and investment products available in the marketplace to
                                                                                              individual investors.
     We also support advisors and clients through our network of
     product and planning specialists, who assist in the areas of
     advanced financial planning, insurance, and securities. As part                          Financial Solutions
     of the strategic mortgage partnership, we have engaged nesto                             IG Wealth Management strives to achieve expected
     Inc. to provide mortgage planning assistance to clients. These                           investment returns for the lowest possible risk focusing on
     specialists help to ensure that we are providing comprehensive                           managed solutions that create value for clients through active
     financial planning across all elements of a client’s financial life.                     management. To do this, we select and engage high-quality
     Clients are served by our mutual fund licensed and securities                            sub-advisors so our clients have access to a diverse range of
     licensed advisors and specialists.                                                       investment products and solutions. Each asset manager is
                                                                                              selected through a proven and rigorous process. We oversee
     Client Experiences




                                                                                                                                                                    PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                                                                              all sub-advisors to ensure that their activities are consistent
     IG Wealth Management distinguishes itself from our competition                           with their investment philosophies and with the investment
     by offering comprehensive planning to our clients that                                   objectives and strategies of the products they advise.
     synchronize every aspect of their financial life. IG Wealth
     Management serves approximately one million clients located in                           Our investment solutions leverage top global asset manager
     communities throughout Canada. A primary focus is on advising                            relationships including Mackenzie Investments and other world
     and attracting high net worth and mass affluent clients.                                 class investment firms such as Fidelity Investments Canada,
                                                                                              T. Rowe Price (Canada), Sagard Credit Partners, Portage, Beutel
     For the distinct needs of the high net worth market, IG Private                          Goodman & Company, PanAgora Asset Management, PIMCO
     Wealth Management focuses on industry wealth drivers                                     Canada Corp., Northleaf Capital Partners (Canada), BristolGate
     including tax planning and optimization, retirement readiness,                           Capital Partners, Aristotle Capital Boston, Putnam Investments




20 IGM Financial Inc. 2024 Second Quarter Report | Management's Discussion and Analysis
                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                           C  17
                              Canada, Franklin Templeton Investment Management, Wellington                         • A deep and broad selection of mutual funds, diversified by
                              Management Canada, Rockefeller & Co., JPMorgan Asset                                   manager, asset category, investment style, geography, market
                              Management (Canada), BlackRock Asset Management Canada,                                capitalization and sector.
                              ClearBridge Investments, 1832 Asset Management (Dynamic),                            • Segregated funds that provide for long-term investment
                              American Century Investment Management, and ChinaAMC.                                  growth potential combined with risk management, benefit
                              We provide clients with an extensive suite of well-constructed                         guarantee features and estate planning efficiencies.

                              and competitively priced financial solutions that incorporate                        • Separately managed accounts (discretionary dealer-managed
                              public and private market investments as well as alternative                           accounts).
                              investment strategies. We regularly enhance the scope and                            We have incorporated investments in private assets into the
                              diversity of our investment offering with new funds and                              iProfile Fixed Income Private Pool, iProfile Canadian Equity
                              product changes that enable clients to achieve their goals.                          Private Pool, and iProfile U.S. Equity Private Pool through
                              We believe that well-constructed managed solutions provide                           commitments to investments managed by Northleaf, BlackRock,
                              advisors with the best opportunity to focus on providing                             PIMCO and Sagard.
                              financial advice to their clients.
                                                                                                                   IG Wealth Management monitors its investment performance
                              We provide portfolio construction with investment solutions                          by comparing to certain benchmarks. Morningstar † fund
                              that include public markets, private markets, and alternative                        ranking service is one of the rankings monitored when
                              strategies.                                                                          determining fund performance.
                              Our investment solutions include:                                                    At June 30, 2024, 94.0% of IG Wealth Management mutual fund
                              • Managed solutions that rebalance investments to ensure                             assets had a rating of three stars or better from Morningstar †
                                that a chosen mix of investments and risk and return is                            fund ranking service and 66.0% had a rating of four or five
                                maintained. These solutions include IG Core Portfolios,                            stars. This compared to the Morningstar † universe of 86.1%
                                IG Managed Growth Portfolios, IG Managed Payout                                    for three stars or better and 54.2% for four and five star
                                Portfolios, Investors Portfolios, IG Climate Action Portfolios,                    funds at June 30, 2024. Morningstar Ratings† are an objective,
                                IG U.S. Taxpayer Portfolios, IG Target Education Portfolios,                       quantitative measure of a fund’s three, five and ten year
                                and IG Managed Risk Portfolios.                                                    risk-adjusted performance relative to comparable funds.
                              • iProfile™ Portfolios – iProfile Portfolios are a suite of
                                six managed solutions that provide comprehensive                                   Other Products and Services
                                diversification and are designed to suit personal preferences
                                                                                                                   Segregated Funds
                                for risk tolerance and investment goals. These portfolios
                                provide exposure similar to the investments of the iProfile                        IG Wealth Management offers segregated funds which include
                                Private Pools.                                                                     the IG Series of Guaranteed Investment Funds (GIFs). Select
                                                                                                                   GIF policies allow for a Lifetime Income Benefit (LIB) option to
                              • iProfile™ Private Discretionary Portfolios – iProfile Private
                                                                                                                   provide guaranteed retirement income for life. The investment
                                Discretionary Portfolios are model portfolios comprised
                                                                                                                   components of these segregated funds are managed by
                                of iProfile Private Pools, available for households with
                                                                                                                   IG Wealth Management. At June 30, 2024, total segregated
                                investments held at IG Wealth Management in excess of
                                                                                                                   fund assets were $1.2 billion, unchanged from June 30, 2023.
                                $250,000. iProfile Private Discretionary Portfolios have
                                been designed to deliver strong risk-adjusted returns by                           Insurance
                                diversifying across asset classes, management styles and
                                                                                                                   IG Wealth Management distributes life insurance in Canada
                                geographic regions. The portfolios include discretionary
                                                                                                                   through its arrangements with leading insurance companies,
                                model portfolios and iProfile Private Pools to support the
                                                                                                                   and offers a broad range of term, universal life, whole life,




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                models: four iProfile Active Allocation Private Pools, iProfile
                                                                                                                   disability, critical illness, long-term care, personal health care
                                Alternatives Private Pool with mandates including global
                                                                                                                   coverage and group insurance.
                                macro and global equity hedge strategies, iProfile ETF Private
                                Pool providing exposure through exchange traded funds                              At June 30, 2024, total in-force policies were approximately
                                (ETF) and iProfile Low Volatility Private Pool with Canadian,                      373 thousand with an insured value of $105 billion, compared to
                                U.S., International and Emerging Market geographic coverage,                       approximately 375 thousand with an insured value of $104 billion
                                Emerging Markets Private Pool, Fixed Income Private Pool,                          at June 30, 2023. Distribution of insurance products is enhanced
                                Canadian Equity Private Pool, U.S. Equity Private Pool and                         through IG Wealth Management’s Insurance Planning Specialists,
                                International Equity Private Pool.                                                 located throughout Canada, who assist advisors with advanced
                                                                                                                   estate planning solutions for high net worth clients.




                                                                Management's Discussion and Analysis | IGM Financial Inc. 2024 Second Quarter Report                                    21
                              C  18                                      P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
     Securities Operations                                                                  At June 30, 2024, Rockefeller’s client assets were USD
     Investors Group Securities Inc. is an investment dealer                                $140.0 billion ($191.6 billion) compared to USD $112.2 billion
     registered in all Canadian provinces and territories providing                         ($148.6 billion) at June 30, 2023, an increase of 24.8% (CAD
     clients with securities services to complement their financial                         28.9%). IGM Financial holds a 20.5% interest in Rockefeller.
     and investment planning. IG Wealth Management advisors can
                                                                                            At June 30, 2024, Wealthsimple’s AUA was $43.6 billion
     refer clients to one of our Wealth Specialists available through
                                                                                            compared to $23.4 billion at June 30, 2023, an increase of
     Investors Group Securities Inc.
                                                                                            86.7%. IGM Financial holds a 28.3% interest in Wealthsimple
                                                                                            at June 30, 2024, compared to 28.4% at June 30, 2023.
     Mortgage and Banking Operations
     Mortgages are offered to clients by IG Wealth Management.
     Licensed mortgage brokers are located throughout each
                                                                                            IG Wealth Management AUM and AUA
     province in Canada, and work with our clients and their                                Change in AUM & AUA – 2024 vs. 2023
     advisors to develop mortgage and lending strategies that                               IG Wealth Management’s AUA were $129.7 billion at June 30,
     meet the individual needs and goals of each client as part of                          2024, an increase of 11.0% from $116.8 billion at June 30, 2023.
     their comprehensive financial plan.                                                    IG Wealth Management’s mutual fund AUM were $114.7 billion
                                                                                            at June 30, 2024, representing an increase of 9.4% from
     Mortgage fundings offered through IG Wealth Management
                                                                                            $104.8 billion at June 30, 2023. Average daily mutual fund assets
     for the three and six months ended June 30, 2024 were
                                                                                            were $113.5 billion in the second quarter of 2024, up 8.9% from
     $235 million and $371 million compared to $230 million
                                                                                            $104.2 billion in the second quarter of 2023. Average daily
     and $312 million in 2023, an increase of 2.2% and 18.9%,
                                                                                            mutual fund assets were $111.7 billion for the six months ended
     respectively. At June 30, 2024, mortgages serviced totalled
                                                                                            June 30, 2024, an increase of 7.7% from $103.8 billion in 2023.
     $6.6 billion, compared to $6.8 billion at June 30, 2023, a
     decrease of 2.0%.                                                                      At June 30, 2024, $94.6 billion, or 83% of IG Wealth
                                                                                            Management’s mutual fund AUM, were in products with
     Private Company Advisory                                                               unbundled fee structures, up 13.8% from $83.2 billion at
     Private Company Advisory is a comprehensive service to                                 June 30, 2023 which represented 80% of AUM.
     business owners in the small to midsize segment that provides
                                                                                            For the quarter ended June 30, 2024, gross client inflows of
     advice on debt and equity financing, business valuation
                                                                                            IG Wealth Management AUA were $3.6 billion, compared to
     and succession.
                                                                                            $2.8 billion in 2023. For the quarter ended June 30, 2024, gross
                                                                                            inflows from newly acquired clients with more than $1.0 million
     Wealth Management AUM and AUA                                                          of assets accounted for 31.9% of all newly acquired client
     AUM and AUA are key performance indicators for the Wealth                              inflows. Net client outflows were $173 million compared to
     Management segment and are detailed in Tables 8 and 9.                                 net client outflows of $424 million in the comparable period in
                                                                                            2023. During the second quarter, investment returns resulted
     Wealth Management AUA including strategic investments were                             in an increase of $1.9 billion in AUA compared to an increase of
     $181.3 billion at June 30, 2024, compared to $153.8 billion                            $1.4 billion in the second quarter of 2023.
     at June 30, 2023. Strategic investments AUA is based on the
     Company’s direct and indirect ownership interest in these                              In June 2024, IG Wealth Management experienced heightened
     companies.                                                                             investment fund gross sales, redemptions and heightened
                                                                                            positive other net flows due to clients strategically triggering
     IG Wealth Management’s AUA were $129.7 billion at June 30,                             capital gains in advance of changes to Canada’s capital gains
     2024, an increase of 11.0% from June 30, 2023. The level                               tax policy.
     of AUA is influenced by three factors: client inflows, client




                                                                                                                                                                PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
     outflows and investment returns. AUA represents savings                                For the quarter ended June 30, 2024, sales of IG Wealth
     and investment products, including AUM where we provide                                Management mutual funds through its advisor network were
     investment management services, that are held within our                               $4.2 billion, an increase of 63.3% from the comparable period
     clients’ accounts. Advisory fees are charged based on an annual                        in 2023. Mutual fund redemptions totalled $4.8 billion, an
     percentage of substantially all AUA, through the IG Advisory                           increase of 56.2% from 2023. IG Wealth Management mutual
     Account fee, and represent the majority of the fees earned                             fund net redemptions for the second quarter of 2024 were
     from our clients. Our entrepreneurial advisors’ compensation                           $612 million compared to net redemptions of $509 million in
     is also based on AUA and net assets contributed by our clients.                        2023. During the second quarter, investment returns resulted
                                                                                            in an increase of $1.7 billion in mutual fund assets compared to
                                                                                            an increase of $1.2 billion in the second quarter of 2023.




22 IGM Financial Inc. 2024 Second Quarter Report | Management's Discussion and Analysis
                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                         C  19
                              Table 8: Change in AUA – Wealth Management

                                                                                                                                                                                                 Change
                              Three months ended                                                                                     2024            2024               2023           2024        2023
                              ($ millions)                                                                                         Jun. 30          Mar. 31           Jun. 30         Mar. 31    Jun. 30

                              Change in AUA – IG Wealth Management
                               Gross client inflows                                                                          $      3,565      $     3,699       $     2,795            (3.6)%     27.5 %
                               Gross client outflows(1)                                                                             3,738            3,653             3,219             2.3       16.1
                               Net flows                                                                                             (173)               46             (424)           N/M        59.2
                               Investment returns                                                                                   1,868            6,752             1,365           (72.3)      36.8
                               Net change in assets                                                                                 1,695            6,798               941           (75.1)      80.1
                               Beginning assets                                                                                  128,021           121,223           115,873             5.6       10.5
                               Ending AUA                                                                                    $ 129,716         $ 128,021         $ 116,814               1.3 %     11.0 %
                              Strategic investments ending AUA
                               Rockefeller                                                                                   $    39,195       $    36,957       $   30,395              6.1 %     29.0 %
                               Wealthsimple                                                                                       12,354            11,013             6,635            12.2       86.2
                               Intra-segment eliminations                                                                               (7)               (6)              (5)         (16.7)     (40.0)
                                                                                                                             $    51,542       $    47,964       $    37,025             7.5 %     39.2 %
                              Consolidated ending AUA including strategic investments(2)                                     $ 181,258         $ 175,985         $ 153,839               3.0 %     17.8 %
                              Daily average AUA
                               IG Wealth Management                                                                          $ 128,146         $ 123,975         $ 116,057               3.4 %     10.4 %

                              Six months ended                                                                                                                          2024            2023
                              ($ millions)                                                                                                                            Jun. 30         Jun. 30    Change

                              Change in AUA – IG Wealth Management
                               IG gross client inflows                                                                                                           $     7,264     $    6,458        12.5 %
                               IG gross client outflows(1)                                                                                                             7,391           6,378       15.9
                               Net flows                                                                                                                                (127)             80       N/M
                               Investment returns                                                                                                                      8,620           5,918       45.7
                               Net change in assets                                                                                                                    8,493          5,998        41.6
                               Beginning assets                                                                                                                      121,223         110,816        9.4
                               Ending AUA                                                                                                                        $ 129,716       $ 116,814         11.0 %
                              Daily average AUA
                               IG Wealth Management                                                                                                              $ 126,061       $ 115,357          9.3 %
                              (1) In Q1 2024, the IG Wealth Management pension plan redeemed $177 million from IG Wealth Management mutual funds that was re-allocated into a separately managed
                                  account managed by Mackenzie.
                              (2) 2023 excludes discontinued operations of IPC of $31.0 billion in Q2.



                              IG Wealth Management’s annualized quarterly redemption rate                                from newly acquired clients with more than $1.0 million of
                              for long-term funds was 16.3% in the second quarter of 2024,                               assets accounted for 30.1% of all newly acquired client inflows.
                              compared to 11.5% in the second quarter of 2023. IG Wealth                                 Net client outflows were $127 million in the six month period,
                              Management’s twelve month trailing redemption rate for                                     compared to net client inflows of $80 million in the comparable
                              long-term funds was 13.9% at June 30, 2024, compared to 11.1%                              period in 2023. During 2024, investment returns resulted in
                              at June 30, 2023. The increase in IG Wealth Management’s                                   an increase of $8.6 billion in AUA compared to an increase of




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                              redemption rate was due in part to the change to Canada’s                                  $5.9 billion in 2023.
                              capital gains tax policy noted above. The corresponding
                                                                                                                         For the six months ended June 30, 2024, sales of IG Wealth
                              average redemption rate for all other members of the
                                                                                                                         Management mutual funds through its advisor network were
                              Investment Funds Institute of Canada (IFIC) was approximately
                                                                                                                         $8.0 billion, an increase of 43.0% from 2023. Mutual fund
                              16.8% at June 30, 2024.
                                                                                                                         redemptions totalled $8.9 billion, an increase of 40.0% from
                              For the six months ended June 30, 2024, gross client inflows of                            2023. Net redemptions of IG Wealth Management mutual funds
                              IG Wealth Management AUA were $7.3 billion and represented                                 were $927 million compared to net redemptions of $782 million
                              an increase of 12.5% from $6.5 billion in the comparable period                            in 2023. During 2024, investment returns resulted in an
                              in 2023. For the six months ended June 30, 2024, gross inflows




                                                                     Management's Discussion and Analysis | IGM Financial Inc. 2024 Second Quarter Report                                                   23
                              C  20                                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
     Table 9: Change in AUM – IG Wealth Management

                                                                                                                                                                            Change
     Three months ended                                                                                        2024            2024                2023          2024         2023
     ($ millions)                                                                                            Jun. 30          Mar. 31            Jun. 30        Mar. 31     Jun. 30

     Sales(1)                                                                                           $     4,214      $      3,797    $       2,581            11.0 %      63.3 %
     Redemptions(1)(2)                                                                                        4,826             4,112            3,090            17.4        56.2
     Net sales (redemptions)                                                                                   (612)             (315)            (509)          (94.3)      (20.2)
     Investment returns                                                                                       1,701             6,246             1,201          (72.8)       41.6
     Net change in assets                                                                                     1,089             5,931              692           (81.6)       57.4
     Beginning assets                                                                                       113,566          107,635         104,069               5.5         9.1
     Ending assets                                                                                      $ 114,655        $ 113,566       $ 104,761                 1.0 %       9.4 %
     Daily average AUM                                                                                  $ 113,494        $ 110,003       $ 104,221                 3.2 %       8.9 %

     Six months ended                                                                                                                               2024            2023
     ($ millions)                                                                                                                                 Jun. 30         Jun. 30   Change

     Sales(1)                                                                                                                                $     8,011    $     5,602       43.0 %
     Redemptions(1)(2)                                                                                                                             8,938          6,384       40.0
     Net sales (redemptions)                                                                                                                        (927)          (782)     (18.5)
     Investment returns                                                                                                                            7,947          6,268       26.8
     Net change in assets                                                                                                                          7,020          5,486       28.0
     Beginning assets                                                                                                                            107,635         99,275        8.4
     Ending assets                                                                                                                           $ 114,655      $ 104,761          9.4 %
     Daily average AUM                                                                                                                       $ 111,749      $ 103,774          7.7 %
     (1) In Q2 2024, IG Wealth Management experienced heightened investment fund gross sales, redemptions and heightened positive other net flows due to clients strategically
         triggering capital gains in advance of changes to Canada’s capital gains tax policy.
     (2) In Q1 2024, the IG Wealth Management pension plan redeemed $177 million from IG Wealth Management mutual funds that was re-allocated into a separately managed
         account managed by Mackenzie.




     increase of $7.9 billion in mutual fund assets compared to an                                 For the quarter ended June 30, 2024, gross client inflows
     increase of $6.3 billion in 2023.                                                             of IG Wealth Management AUA were $3.6 billion, compared
                                                                                                   to $3.7 billion in the prior quarter. Net client outflows were
     In January 2024, the IG Wealth Management pension plan
                                                                                                   $173 million compared to net client inflows of $46 million in the
     redeemed $177 million from IG Wealth Management mutual
                                                                                                   prior quarter. During the second quarter, investment returns
     funds that was re-allocated into a separately managed account
                                                                                                   resulted in an increase of $1.9 billion in AUA compared to an
     managed by Mackenzie Investments. Excluding this activity, net
                                                                                                   increase of $6.8 billion in the prior quarter.
     client inflows and net redemptions for the six month period of
     2024 were $50 million and $750 million, respectively.                                         For the quarter ended June 30, 2024, sales of IG Wealth
                                                                                                   Management mutual funds through its advisor network were
     Change in AUM & AUA – Q2 2024 vs. Q1 2024                                                     $4.2 billion, an increase of 11.0% from the first quarter of 2024.
     IG Wealth Management’s AUA were $129.7 billion at June 30,                                    Mutual fund redemptions totalled $4.8 billion for the second
     2024, an increase of 1.3% from $128.0 billion at March 31, 2024.                              quarter, an increase of 17.4% from the previous quarter, and the
     IG Wealth Management’s mutual fund AUM were $114.7 billion                                    annualized quarterly redemption rate was 16.3% in the second
     at June 30, 2024, an increase of 1.0% from $113.6 billion                                     quarter compared to 14.4% in the first quarter of 2024. The
     at March 31, 2024. Average daily mutual fund assets were




                                                                                                                                                                                       PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                                                                                   increase in IG Wealth Management’s redemption rate was due in
     $113.5 billion in the second quarter of 2024 compared to                                      part to the change to Canada’s capital gains tax policy previously
     $110.0 billion in the first quarter of 2024, an increase of 3.2%.                             noted. IG Wealth Management mutual fund net redemptions
                                                                                                   were $612 million for the current quarter compared to net
                                                                                                   redemptions of $315 million in the previous quarter.




24 IGM Financial Inc. 2024 Second Quarter Report | Management's Discussion and Analysis
                                         P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                         C  21
                              Review of Segment Operating Results
                              The Wealth Management segment’s adjusted net earnings are                                    IG Wealth Management
                              presented in Table 10 and include the operations of IG Wealth
                                                                                                                           IG Wealth Management’s adjusted net earnings are presented
                              Management, earnings related to strategic investments and IPC.
                                                                                                                           within Table 11. Adjusted net earnings for the second quarter of
                              As a result of the sale of IPC completed on November 30,                                     2024 were $111.7 million, a decrease of 1.0% from the second
                              2023, the operating results of IPC included within the Wealth                                quarter in 2023 and a decrease of 4.7% from the prior quarter.
                              Management segment were classified as discontinued                                           Adjusted net earnings for the six months ended June 30, 2024
                              operations and are shown as a separate line item in Table 10                                 were $228.9 million, an increase of 5.3% from 2023.
                              for all periods under review.
                                                                                                                           Adjusted earnings before interest and taxes for the second
                                                                                                                           quarter of 2024 were $177.3 million, an increase of 0.3% from
                                                                                                                           the second quarter in 2023 and a decrease of 4.5% from the
                                                                                                                           prior quarter. Adjusted earnings before interest and taxes for


                              Table 10: Operating Results – Wealth Management

                                                                                                                                                                                                     Change
                              Three months ended                                                                                              2024           2024             2023        2024         2023
                              ($ millions)                                                                                                  Jun. 30         Mar. 31         Jun. 30      Mar. 31     Jun. 30

                              Revenues
                               Wealth Management
                                 Advisory fees                                                                                          $    315.3      $    309.1      $   295.6           2.0 %       6.7 %
                                 Product and program fees                                                                                    242.3          234.2           222.3           3.5         9.0
                                                                                                                                             557.6          543.3            517.9          2.6         7.7
                                 Redemption fees                                                                                                  –               –               0.3          –     (100.0)
                                 Other financial planning revenues                                                                            34.7            41.2               35.8     (15.8)       (3.1)
                               Total Wealth Management                                                                                       592.3          584.5           554.0           1.3         6.9
                               Net investment income and other                                                                                  2.7             5.3               4.0      (49.1)     (32.5)
                               Proportionate share of associates’ earnings                                                                     (2.4)           (5.1)             (2.4)     52.9           –
                                                                                                                                             592.6          584.7           555.6           1.4         6.7
                              Expenses
                               Advisory and business development
                                 Asset-based compensation                                                                                    161.2           156.7          146.4           2.9        10.1
                                 Sales-based compensation                                                                                     25.7            25.1               22.4       2.4        14.7
                                 Other
                                  Other product commissions                                                                                   20.0            19.4               16.0       3.1        25.0
                                  Business development                                                                                        50.2            43.0               48.2      16.7         4.1
                                                                                                                                              70.2            62.4               64.2      12.5         9.3
                               Total advisory and business development                                                                       257.1          244.2           233.0           5.3        10.3
                               Operations and support                                                                                        114.3           115.0          105.5           (0.6)       8.3
                               Sub-advisory                                                                                                   46.5            45.3               43.0       2.6         8.1
                                                                                                                                             417.9          404.5            381.5          3.3         9.5
                              Adjusted earnings before interest and taxes(1)                                                                 174.7           180.2           174.1          (3.1)       0.3




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                              Interest expense                                                                                                25.7            25.8               24.0       (0.4)       7.1
                              Adjusted earnings before income taxes(1)                                                                       149.0           154.4           150.1         (3.5)       (0.7)
                              Income taxes                                                                                                    40.3            43.2               39.9       (6.7)       1.0
                              Adjusted net earnings – continuing operations(1)                                                               108.7           111.2           110.2          (2.2)      (1.4)
                              Net earnings – discontinued operations(2)                                                                           –               –               4.0          –     (100.0)
                              Adjusted net earnings(1)                                                                                       108.7           111.2           114.2          (2.2)      (4.8)
                              Non-controlling interest                                                                                            –               –                 –          –          –
                              Adjusted net earnings available to common shareholders(1)                                                 $    108.7      $    111.2      $    114.2          (2.2)%     (4.8)%

                              (1) A non-IFRS financial measure – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures section of this document.
                              (2) IPC segment operating results.




                                                                      Management's Discussion and Analysis | IGM Financial Inc. 2024 Second Quarter Report                                                      25
                              C  22                                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
    Table 10: Operating Results – Wealth Management (continued)

    Six months ended                                                                                                                          2024            2023
    ($ millions)                                                                                                                            Jun. 30         Jun. 30   Change

    Revenues
      Wealth Management
       Advisory fees                                                                                                                    $    624.4     $    586.3        6.5 %
       Product and program fees                                                                                                              476.5          441.0        8.0
                                                                                                                                            1,100.9        1,027.3       7.2
       Redemption fees                                                                                                                            –            0.9    (100.0)
       Other financial planning revenues                                                                                                      75.9            61.5      23.4
      Total Wealth Management                                                                                                               1,176.8        1,089.7       8.0
      Net investment income and other                                                                                                           8.0            7.4       8.1
      Proportionate share of associates’ earnings                                                                                              (7.5)          (3.2)   (134.4)
                                                                                                                                            1,177.3        1,093.9       7.6
    Expenses
      Advisory and business development
       Asset-based compensation                                                                                                              317.9          290.8        9.3
       Sales-based compensation                                                                                                               50.8            43.9      15.7
       Other
        Other product commissions                                                                                                             39.4           30.8       27.9
        Business development                                                                                                                  93.2           90.5        3.0
                                                                                                                                             132.6          121.3        9.3
      Total advisory and business development                                                                                                501.3          456.0        9.9
      Operations and support                                                                                                                 229.3          213.8        7.2
      Sub-advisory                                                                                                                            91.8           85.6        7.2
                                                                                                                                             822.4          755.4        8.9
    Adjusted earnings before interest and taxes(1)                                                                                           354.9          338.5        4.8
    Interest expense                                                                                                                          51.5           46.3       11.2
    Adjusted earnings before income taxes(1)                                                                                                 303.4          292.2        3.8
    Income taxes                                                                                                                              83.5           78.3        6.6
    Adjusted net earnings – continuing operations(1)                                                                                         219.9          213.9        2.8
    Net earnings – discontinued operations(2)                                                                                                     –            7.0    (100.0)
    Adjusted net earnings(1)                                                                                                                 219.9          220.9       (0.5)
    Non-controlling interest                                                                                                                      –            0.2    (100.0)
    Adjusted net earnings available to common shareholders(1)                                                                           $    219.9     $    220.7       (0.4)%

    (1) A non-IFRS financial measure – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures section of this document.
    (2) IPC segment operating results.




     the six months ended June 30, 2024 were $362.9 million, an                                   The increase in advisory fees in the three months ending
     increase of 6.1% from 2023.                                                                  June 30, 2024 was primarily due to the increase in average AUA
                                                                                                  of 10.4%, as shown in Table 8, partially offset by a decrease in
     2024 VS. 2023                                                                                the advisory fee rate. The increase in advisory fees in the six




                                                                                                                                                                                 PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                                                                                  months ending June 30, 2024 was primarily due to the increase
     Fee Income                                                                                   in average AUA of 9.3% partially offset by a decrease in the
     Advisory fees include fees for providing financial advice to                                 advisory fee rate. The average advisory fee rate for the second
     clients including fees related to the distribution of products,                              quarter was 98.9 basis points of average AUA compared to
     and depend largely on the level and composition of AUA.                                      102.2 basis points in 2023. The average advisory fee rate for
     Advisory fees were $315.3 million in the second quarter of                                   the six months ended June 30, 2024, was 99.6 basis points of
     2024, an increase of $19.7 million or 6.7% from $295.6 million                               average AUA, compared to 102.5 basis points in 2023. Fee rates
     in 2023. For the six months ended June 30, 2024, advisory fees                               are determined based on client AUA levels and the average
     were $624.4 million, an increase of $38.1 million or 6.5% from                               rate will fluctuate based on changes in a client’s AUA as well as
     $586.3 million in 2023.                                                                      product mix.




26 IGM Financial Inc. 2024 Second Quarter Report | Management's Discussion and Analysis
                                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                    C  23
                              Table 11: Operating Results – IG Wealth Management

                                                                                                                                                                                                    Change
                              Three months ended                                                                                              2024           2024             2023       2024         2023
                              ($ millions)                                                                                                  Jun. 30         Mar. 31         Jun. 30     Mar. 31     Jun. 30

                              Revenues
                               Wealth Management
                                 Advisory fees                                                                                          $    315.3      $    309.1      $   295.6          2.0 %       6.7 %
                                 Product and program fees                                                                                    242.3          234.2           222.3          3.5         9.0
                                                                                                                                             557.6          543.3            517.9         2.6         7.7
                                 Redemption fees                                                                                                  –               –               0.3         –     (100.0)
                                 Other financial planning revenues                                                                            34.7            41.2               35.8    (15.8)       (3.1)
                               Total Wealth Management                                                                                       592.3          584.5           554.0          1.3         6.9
                               Net investment income and other                                                                                  2.7             5.3               4.0     (49.1)     (32.5)
                                                                                                                                             595.0          589.8           558.0          0.9         6.6
                              Expenses
                               Advisory and business development
                                 Asset-based compensation                                                                                    161.2           156.7          146.4          2.9        10.1
                                 Sales-based compensation                                                                                     25.7            25.1               22.4      2.4        14.7
                                 Other
                                  Other product commissions                                                                                   20.0            19.4               16.0      3.1        25.0
                                  Business development                                                                                        50.2            43.0               48.2      16.7        4.1
                                                                                                                                              70.2            62.4               64.2      12.5        9.3
                               Total advisory and business development                                                                       257.1          244.2           233.0          5.3        10.3
                               Operations and support                                                                                        114.1           114.7          105.2          (0.5)       8.5
                               Sub-advisory                                                                                                   46.5            45.3               43.0      2.6         8.1
                                                                                                                                             417.7          404.2            381.2         3.3         9.6
                              Adjusted earnings before interest and taxes(1)                                                                 177.3           185.6           176.8         (4.5)       0.3
                              Interest expense                                                                                                25.7            25.8               24.0      (0.4)       7.1
                              Adjusted earnings before income taxes(1)                                                                       151.6           159.8           152.8         (5.1)      (0.8)
                              Income taxes                                                                                                    39.9            42.6               40.0      (6.3)      (0.3)
                              Adjusted net earnings(1)                                                                                  $    111.7      $    117.2      $    112.8         (4.7)%     (1.0)%

                              (1) A non-IFRS financial measure – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures section of this document.




                              Product and program fees depend largely on the level and                                     Other financial planning revenues of $34.7 million for the
                              composition of mutual fund AUM. Product and program                                          second quarter of 2024 decreased by $1.1 million from
                              fees totalled $242.3 million in the current quarter, up 9.0%                                 $35.8 million in 2023. For the six month period, other financial
                              from $222.3 million a year ago primarily due to the increase                                 planning revenues of $75.9 million increased by $14.4 million
                              in average AUM of 8.9%, as shown in Table 9. Product and                                     from $61.5 million in 2023. The change for the three months
                              program fees were $476.5 million for the six month period                                    was due to an earnings decline in the mortgage banking
                              ended June 30, 2024 compared to $441.0 million in 2023,                                      operations and lower revenues from the distribution of
                              an increase of 8.0% primarily due to an increase in average                                  banking products partially offset by higher revenues from




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                              AUM of 7.7%. The average product and program fee rate                                        the distribution of insurance products. The lower earnings
                              for the three and six month periods ending June 30, 2024                                     in the mortgage banking operations was due to negative fair
                              was 85.6 basis points of AUM in both periods, compared to                                    value adjustments. The change for the six months was due to
                              85.8 basis points for both comparable periods in 2023.                                       higher earnings from the mortgage banking operations and
                                                                                                                           higher revenues from the distribution of insurance products
                              Other financial planning revenues are primarily earned from:
                                                                                                                           partially offset by lower revenues from the distribution of
                              • Mortgage banking operations
                                                                                                                           banking products. The higher earnings in the mortgage banking
                              • Distribution of insurance products through I.G. Insurance                                  operations was due to higher interest income on mortgages
                                Services Inc.                                                                              held prior to securitization partially offset by the increase in
                              • Securities trading services provided through Investors Group                               negative fair value adjustments.
                                Securities Inc.




                                                                      Management's Discussion and Analysis | IGM Financial Inc. 2024 Second Quarter Report                                                     27
                              C  24                                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
     Table 11: Operating Results – IG Wealth Management (continued)

     Six months ended                                                                                                                          2024           2023
     ($ millions)                                                                                                                            Jun. 30        Jun. 30   Change

     Revenues
      Wealth Management
        Advisory fees                                                                                                                    $    624.4    $    586.3        6.5 %
        Product and program fees                                                                                                              476.5         441.0        8.0
                                                                                                                                             1,100.9       1,027.3       7.2
        Redemption fees                                                                                                                           –            0.9    (100.0)
        Other financial planning revenues                                                                                                      75.9           61.5      23.4
      Total Wealth Management                                                                                                                1,176.8       1,089.7       8.0
      Net investment income and other                                                                                                            8.0           7.4       8.1
                                                                                                                                             1,184.8       1,097.1       8.0
     Expenses
      Advisory and business development
        Asset-based compensation                                                                                                              317.9         290.8        9.3
        Sales-based compensation                                                                                                               50.8           43.9      15.7
        Other
         Other product commissions                                                                                                             39.4          30.8       27.9
         Business development                                                                                                                  93.2          90.5        3.0
                                                                                                                                              132.6         121.3        9.3
      Total advisory and business development                                                                                                 501.3         456.0        9.9
      Operations and support                                                                                                                  228.8         213.4        7.2
      Sub-advisory                                                                                                                             91.8          85.6        7.2
                                                                                                                                              821.9         755.0        8.9
     Adjusted earnings before interest and taxes(1)                                                                                           362.9         342.1        6.1
     Interest expense                                                                                                                          51.5          46.3       11.2
     Adjusted earnings before income taxes(1)                                                                                                 311.4         295.8        5.3
     Income taxes                                                                                                                              82.5          78.4        5.2
     Adjusted net earnings(1)                                                                                                            $    228.9    $    217.4        5.3 %

     (1) A non-IFRS financial measure – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures section of this document.



     A summary of mortgage banking operations for the three and                                    other costs incurred to support our advisor networks. These
     six month periods under review is presented in Table 12.                                      expenses tend to be discretionary or vary based upon the
                                                                                                   number of advisors or clients.
     Net Investment Income and Other
                                                                                                   Asset based compensation includes compensation paid to
     Net investment income and other consists of unrealized gains
                                                                                                   both the entrepreneurial advisor and the corporate channels.
     or losses on investments in proprietary funds in the three
                                                                                                   The entrepreneurial advisor channel compensation fluctuates
     and six months ended June 30, 2024, and investment income
                                                                                                   primarily with the value of AUA and product mix while the
     earned on our cash and cash equivalents and securities and
                                                                                                   corporate channel fluctuates largely based on the number
     other income not related to our core business. It also includes
                                                                                                   of clients within the channel. Asset-based compensation
     a charge from the Corporate and Other segment for the use of




                                                                                                                                                                                 PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                                                                                   increased by $14.8 million and $27.1 million for the three and
     unallocated capital.
                                                                                                   six month periods ended June 30, 2024 to $161.2 million and
     Expenses                                                                                      $317.9 million, respectively, compared to 2023. The increase
                                                                                                   for both the three and six month periods was primarily due to
     IG Wealth Management incurs advisory and business
                                                                                                   increases in AUA and other compensation changes.
     development expenses that include compensation paid to our
     advisors. The majority of these costs vary directly with asset or                             IG Wealth Management sales-based compensation is based
     sales levels. Also included are other distribution and business                               upon the level of new assets contributed to client accounts at
     development activities which do not vary directly with asset                                  IG Wealth Management (subject to eligibility requirements).
     or sales levels, such as corporate channel, direct marketing                                  All sales-based compensation payments are capitalized and
     and advertising, financial planning specialist support and




28 IGM Financial Inc. 2024 Second Quarter Report | Management's Discussion and Analysis
                                         P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                   C  25
                              Table 12: Mortgage Banking Operations – IG Wealth Management

                                                                                                                                                                                                      Change
                              Three months ended                                                                                        2024            2024               2023            2024         2023
                              ($ millions)                                                                                            Jun. 30          Mar. 31           Jun. 30          Mar. 31     Jun. 30

                              Total mortgage banking income
                               Net interest income on securitized loans
                                 Interest income                                                                                $       44.3      $       42.8      $      36.9              3.5 %      20.1 %
                                 Interest expense                                                                                       40.8              40.5             33.8              0.7        20.7
                                 Net interest income                                                                                      3.5              2.3               3.1            52.2        12.9
                               Gains (losses) on sales(1)                                                                                   –              0.5                    –       (100.0)          –
                               Fair value adjustments                                                                                    (7.4)             2.0               1.3            N/M         N/M
                               Other                                                                                                      7.0              5.6               3.6            25.0        94.4
                                                                                                                                $         3.1     $       10.4      $        8.0           (70.2)%     (61.3)%
                              Average mortgages serviced
                               Securitizations                                                                                  $      4,634      $     4,676       $     4,577              (0.9)%      1.2 %
                               Other                                                                                                   2,009            2,031             2,165              (1.1)      (7.2)
                                                                                                                                $      6,643      $     6,707       $     6,742              (1.0)%     (1.5)%
                              Mortgage sales to:(2)
                               Securitizations                                                                                  $        392      $        262      $       231             49.6 %      69.7 %
                               Other(1)                                                                                                     –               47                    –       (100.0)          –
                                                                                                                                $        392      $       309       $       231             26.9 %      69.7 %

                              Six months ended                                                                                                                             2024             2023
                              ($ millions)                                                                                                                               Jun. 30          Jun. 30     Change

                              Total mortgage banking income
                               Net interest income on securitized loans
                                 Interest income                                                                                                                    $      87.1       $     73.3        18.8 %
                                 Interest expense                                                                                                                          81.3             67.4        20.6
                                 Net interest income                                                                                                                         5.8             5.9        (1.7)
                               Gains (losses) on sales(1)                                                                                                                    0.5             (1.0)      N/M
                               Fair value adjustments                                                                                                                       (5.4)            (2.0)    (170.0)
                               Other                                                                                                                                       12.6              5.9       113.6
                                                                                                                                                                    $      13.5       $      8.8        53.4 %
                              Average mortgages serviced
                               Securitizations                                                                                                                      $     4,655       $   4,607          1.0 %
                               Other                                                                                                                                      2,020            2,165        (6.7)
                                                                                                                                                                    $     6,675       $   6,772         (1.4)%
                              Mortgage sales to:(2)
                               Securitizations                                                                                                                      $       654       $     406         61.1 %
                               Other(1)                                                                                                                                       47            108        (56.5)
                                                                                                                                                                    $       701       $      514        36.4 %
                              (1) Represents sales to institutional investors through private placements and to IG Mackenzie Mortgage and Short Term Income Fund, as well as gains (losses) realized on
                                  those sales.
                              (2) Represents principal amounts sold.




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.




                                                                       Management's Discussion and Analysis | IGM Financial Inc. 2024 Second Quarter Report                                                      29
                              C  26                                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
     amortized as they reflect incremental costs to obtain a client                          Q2 2024 VS. Q1 2024
     contract. Sales-based compensation was $25.7 million for
     the second quarter of 2024, an increase of $3.3 million from                            Fee Income
     $22.4 million in 2023. For the six month period, sales-based                            Advisory fee income increased by $6.2 million or 2.0% to
     compensation expense was $50.8 million, an increase of                                  $315.3 million in the second quarter of 2024 compared to
     $6.9 million from $43.9 million in 2023.                                                the first quarter of 2024. The increase in advisory fees in the
                                                                                             second quarter was primarily due to the increase in average
     Other advisory and business development expenses were
                                                                                             AUA of 3.4% for the quarter, as shown in Table 8. The average
     $70.2 million in the second quarter of 2024, compared to
                                                                                             advisory fee rate for the second quarter was 98.9 basis points
     $64.2 million in 2023, an increase of $6.0 million primarily due
                                                                                             of average AUM, compared to 100.3 basis points in the first
     to higher compensation paid on the distribution of insurance
                                                                                             quarter. Fee rates are determined based on ranges of AUA and
     products and timing of certain projects and other expenses.
                                                                                             the average rate will fluctuate based on changes in client’s AUA.
     Other advisory and business development expenses were
                                                                                             Fee rates are determined based on client AUA levels and the
     $132.6 million in the six months ended June 30, 2024, an
                                                                                             average rate will fluctuate based on changes in a client’s AUA as
     increase of $11.3 million from $121.3 million in 2023 primarily
                                                                                             well as product mix.
     due to higher compensation paid on the distribution of
     insurance products.                                                                     Product and program fees were $242.3 million in the second
                                                                                             quarter of 2024, an increase of $8.1 million from $234.2 million
     Operations and support includes costs that support our wealth
                                                                                             in the first quarter of 2024. The increase was primarily due to
     management and other general and administrative functions
                                                                                             the increase in average AUM of 3.2%, as shown in Table 9. The
     such as product management, technology and operations, as
                                                                                             average product and program fee rate remained consistent
     well as other functional business units and corporate expenses.
                                                                                             with the first quarter at 85.6 basis points.
     Operations and support expenses were $114.1 million for the
     second quarter of 2024 compared to $105.2 million in 2023, an                           Other financial planning revenues of $34.7 million in the second
     increase of $8.9 million. For the six month period, operations                          quarter of 2024 decreased by $6.5 million from $41.2 million
     and support expenses were $228.8 million in 2024 compared                               in the first quarter due to lower earnings from the mortgage
     to $213.4 million in 2023, an increase of $15.4 million or 7.2%.                        banking operations partially offset by higher revenues on the
                                                                                             distribution of insurance products. The lower earnings from
     Sub-advisory expenses were $46.5 million for the second
                                                                                             the mortgage banking operations are due to negative fair
     quarter of 2024 compared to $43.0 million in 2023, an increase
                                                                                             value adjustments.
     of $3.5 million or 8.1%. For the six month period, sub-advisory
     expenses were $91.8 million in 2024 compared to $85.6 million                           Expenses
     in 2023, an increase of $6.2 million or 7.2%. The change in both
                                                                                             Advisory and business development expenses in the current
     periods was primarily due to changes in AUM.
                                                                                             quarter were $257.1 million, an increase of $12.9 million
                                                                                             from $244.2 million in the previous quarter. The increase
     Interest Expense
                                                                                             is primarily due to increases in asset based compensation
     Interest expense, which includes allocated interest expense
                                                                                             as a result of higher AUA and compensation changes and
     on long-term debt and interest expense on leases, totalled
                                                                                             seasonality of expenses.
     $25.7 million in the second quarter of 2024, compared to
     $24.0 million in 2023. For the six month period, interest                               Operations and support expenses were $114.1 million for
     expense totalled $51.5 million compared to $46.3 million in                             the second quarter of 2024 compared to $114.7 million in the
     2023. Long-term debt interest expense is calculated based on                            previous quarter.
     an allocation of IGM Financial’s long-term debt to IG Wealth
     Management. The allocation of debt increased to $1.95 billion




                                                                                                                                                                 PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
     during the second quarter of 2023, as a result of the issuance of
     long-term debt by IGM Financial. Previously, the allocation was
     $1.7 billion.




30 IGM Financial Inc. 2024 Second Quarter Report | Management's Discussion and Analysis
                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                        C  27
                              Wealth Management
                              Strategic Investments
                              Wealth Management strategic investment’s adjusted net
                              earnings are presented within Table 13. Adjusted net earnings
                              for the second quarter of 2024 were ($3.0) million, compared
                              to ($2.6) million in 2023 and ($6.0) million in the prior quarter.
                              Adjusted net earnings for the six months ended were
                              ($9.0) million, compared to ($3.5) million in 2023.

                              The Company’s share of Rockefeller’s earnings of ($2.8) million
                              exclude the Company’s proportionate share of one-time debt
                              refinancing costs of $3.3 million related to the early repayment
                              of one of Rockefeller’s financing facilities, which has been
                              reclassified to other items as detailed in Tables 2 to 4.




                              Table 13: Operating Results – Wealth Management Strategic Investments

                                                                                                                                                                                                       Change
                              Three months ended                                                                                             2024           2024             2023            2024        2023
                              ($ millions)                                                                                                 Jun. 30         Mar. 31         Jun. 30          Mar. 31    Jun. 30

                              Revenues
                               Proportionate share of associates’ earnings
                                 Rockefeller                                                                                           $      (2.8)    $      (4.4)    $        (1.9)         36.4 %    (47.4)%
                                 Other                                                                                                         0.4            (0.7)             (0.5)         N/M        N/M
                                                                                                                                              (2.4)           (5.1)             (2.4)         52.9          –
                              Expenses
                               Operations and support                                                                                          0.2             0.3              0.3          (33.3)     (33.3)
                              Adjusted earnings before income taxes(1)                                                                        (2.6)           (5.4)             (2.7)         51.9        3.7
                              Income taxes                                                                                                     0.4             0.6              (0.1)        (33.3)      N/M
                              Adjusted net earnings(1)                                                                                 $      (3.0)    $      (6.0)    $        (2.6)         50.0 %    (15.4)%

                              Six months ended                                                                                                                               2024             2023
                              ($ millions)                                                                                                                                 Jun. 30          Jun. 30    Change




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                              Revenues
                               Proportionate share of associates’ earnings
                                 Rockefeller                                                                                                                           $        (7.2)   $      (1.9)     N/M %
                                 Other                                                                                                                                          (0.3)          (1.3)     76.9
                                                                                                                                                                                (7.5)         (3.2)    (134.4)
                              Expenses
                               Operations and support                                                                                                                           0.5            0.4       25.0
                              Adjusted earnings before income taxes(1)                                                                                                          (8.0)         (3.6)    (122.2)
                              Income taxes                                                                                                                                      1.0            (0.1)     N/M
                              Adjusted net earnings(1)                                                                                                                 $        (9.0)   $     (3.5)     (157.1)%
                              (1) A non-IFRS financial measure – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures section of this document.




                                                                      Management's Discussion and Analysis | IGM Financial Inc. 2024 Second Quarter Report                                                         31
                              C  28                                             P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
     Asset Management
     The Asset Management segment includes Mackenzie                                             segment and transfer pricing is based on values for similar
     Investments and strategic investments in ChinaAMC                                           sized asset management mandates.
     and Northleaf.                                                                          • Proportionate share of associates’ earnings is the
                                                                                               Company’s proportionate share of earnings from the equity
     Asset Management revenue reflects:
                                                                                               investments in ChinaAMC and Northleaf.
     • Net asset management fees – third party includes fees
       received from our investment funds and fees from third                                Assets managed by Mackenzie for IG Wealth Management are
       parties for investment management services. Compensation                              included in the Asset Management segment’s AUM.
       paid to dealers offsets the fees earned.
                                                                                             Debt and interest expense is allocated to each IGM Financial
     • Asset management fees – Wealth Management includes                                    segment based on management’s assessment of: i) capacity
       fees received from the Wealth Management segment. Wealth                              to service the debt, and ii) where the debt is being serviced.
       Management is considered a client of the Asset Management                             Income taxes are also reported in each segment.




     Review of the Business
     Mackenzie Investments is a diversified asset management                                 Northleaf is a global private equity, private credit and
     solutions provider founded in 1967. We provide investment                               infrastructure fund manager headquartered in Toronto.
     management and related services with a wide range of                                    Northleaf seeks to deliver high absolute risk-adjusted returns
     investment mandates through a boutique structure and                                    from access to value creation outside public markets.
     multiple distribution channels. We are committed to delivering
     strong investment performance for our clients by drawing on
     more than 50 years of investment management experience.
                                                                                             Mackenzie Investments
     Mackenzie earns asset management fees primarily from:                                   Strategy
     • Management fees earned from its investment funds,                                     Mackenzie’s mission is to create a more invested world, together.
       sub-advised accounts and institutional clients.
                                                                                             Mackenzie’s objective is to become Canada’s preferred global
     • Fees earned from its mutual funds for administrative services.                        asset management solutions provider and business partner.
     • Redemption fees on deferred sales charge and low load units.
                                                                                             Mackenzie’s strategic mandates are: win Canadian retail; build
     The largest component of Mackenzie’s revenues is management                             meaningful strategic partnerships; and develop presence
     fees. The amount of management fees depends on the level and                            in underpenetrated channels with a targeted approach. We
     composition of AUM. Management fee rates vary depending on                              achieve our strategic mandates with the following focus areas:
     the investment objective and the account type of the underlying                         • Continuously improving distribution with a segmented
     AUM. Equity based mandates have higher management fee rates                               approach;
     than fixed income mandates and retail mutual fund accounts
                                                                                             • Delivering competitive risk adjusted investment




                                                                                                                                                                 PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
     have higher management fee rates than exchange traded funds,
                                                                                               performance;
     sub-advised accounts and institutional accounts.
                                                                                             • Advancing brand leadership;
     Founded in 1998 as one of the first fund management                                     • Creating innovative and relevant products and solutions;
     companies in China, ChinaAMC has developed and maintained a
                                                                                             • Encouraging a sustainable future;
     position among the market leaders in China’s asset management
                                                                                             • Ensuring operational excellence and efficiency;
     industry. ChinaAMC drives for growth through product
     innovation and offering multi-asset investment solutions and                            • Fostering a high performing, diverse and winning culture.
     services to a diversified group of retail and institutional clients.                    Our focus areas drive future business growth. We aim to
                                                                                             achieve this by being committed to the success of our clients,




32 IGM Financial Inc. 2024 Second Quarter Report | Management's Discussion and Analysis
                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                         C  29
                              attracting and fostering the best minds in the investment                          In the institutional channel, Mackenzie provides investment
                              industry, maintaining a boutique investment approach, having                       management services to pension plans, foundations and other
                              an innovative and future oriented product focus, and being                         institutions. We attract new institutional business through our
                              responsible in everything we do.                                                   relationships with pension and management consultants.

                              Our investment management capabilities are delivered through                       Gross sales and redemption activity in strategic alliance and
                              a boutique structure, with separate in-house teams having                          institutional accounts can be more pronounced than in the
                              distinct focuses and diverse styles. Our research and portfolio                    retail channel, given the relative size and the nature of the
                              management teams are located in Toronto, Montreal, Winnipeg,                       distribution relationships of these accounts. These accounts
                              Vancouver, Boston, Dublin and Hong Kong. In addition, our                          are also subject to ongoing reviews and rebalance activities
                              ownership interest in Northleaf enhances our investment                            which may result in a significant change in the level of AUM.
                              capabilities by offering global private equity, private credit
                                                                                                                 Mackenzie continues to be positioned to build and enhance
                              and infrastructure investment solutions to our clients and our
                                                                                                                 our distribution relationships given our team of experienced
                              ownership interest in ChinaAMC offers our clients access to
                                                                                                                 investment professionals, strength of our distribution network,
                              Chinese capital markets. We also supplement our investment
                                                                                                                 broad product shelf, competitively priced products and our
                              capabilities with strategic partners (third party sub-advisors)
                                                                                                                 focus on client experience and investment excellence.
                              in selected areas. The development of a broad range of
                              investment capabilities and products is a key strength in
                              supporting the evolving financial needs of investors.                              Investment Management
                                                                                                                 Mackenzie has $202.1 billion in AUM at June 30, 2024,
                              Our business focuses on three key distribution channels: retail,
                                                                                                                 including $79.4 billion of sub-advisory mandates to the Wealth
                              strategic alliances and institutional.
                                                                                                                 Management segment. It has teams located in Toronto,
                              Mackenzie primarily distributes its retail investment products                     Montreal, Winnipeg, Vancouver, Boston, Dublin and Hong Kong.
                              through third-party financial advisors. Our sales teams work
                                                                                                                 We continue to deliver our investment offerings through a
                              with many of the more than 30,000 independent financial
                                                                                                                 boutique structure, with separate in-house investment teams
                              advisors and their firms across Canada. Our innovative,
                                                                                                                 which each have a distinct focus and investment approach.
                              comprehensive lineup of investment solutions covers all asset
                                                                                                                 Our investment team currently consists of 16 boutiques. This
                              classes and parts of the globe. We offer a range of relevant
                                                                                                                 boutique approach promotes diversification of styles and
                              products and investment solutions designed to help advisors
                                                                                                                 ideas and provides Mackenzie with a breadth of capabilities.
                              meet the evolving needs of their clients. We regularly introduce
                                                                                                                 Oversight is conducted through a common process intended
                              new funds and we may merge or streamline our fund offerings
                                                                                                                 to promote superior risk-adjusted returns over time. This
                              to provide enhanced investment solutions.
                                                                                                                 oversight process focuses on i) identifying and encouraging
                              In addition to our retail distribution team, Mackenzie also                        each team’s performance edge, ii) promoting best practices in
                              has specialty teams focused on strategic alliances and the                         portfolio construction, and iii) emphasizing risk management.
                              institutional marketplace.
                                                                                                                 Mackenzie’s 56% economic interest in Northleaf enhances its
                              Within the strategic alliance channel, Mackenzie offers                            investment capabilities by offering global private equity, private
                              certain series of our mutual funds and provides sub-advisory                       credit and infrastructure investment solutions to our clients.
                              services to third-party and related party investment programs
                                                                                                                 In addition to our own investment teams, Mackenzie
                              offered by banks, insurance companies and other investment
                                                                                                                 supplements investment capabilities through the use of
                              companies. Strategic alliances with related parties include
                                                                                                                 third party sub-advisors and strategic beta index providers
                              providing advisory services to IG Wealth Management and
                                                                                                                 in selected areas. These include Putnam Investments and
                              Lifeco subsidiaries (including IPC). Mackenzie partners with




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                                                                                                 ChinaAMC. With the launch of the suite of 27 Futurepath
                              Wealthsimple to distribute ETFs through their product shelf.
                                                                                                                 Funds for Primerica, the following third party sub-advisors
                              Mackenzie also serves as one of two exclusive investment
                                                                                                                 were added: 1832 Asset Management, Addenda, Brandywine,
                              solutions providers to PFSL Investment Canada Ltd. (Primerica)
                                                                                                                 Blackrock, and T. Rowe Price.
                              and launched a suite of 27 funds designed to address the
                              specific needs of Primerica advisors and their clients. Within                     Long-term investment performance is a key measure of
                              the strategic alliance channel, Mackenzie’s primary distribution                   Mackenzie’s ongoing success. At June 30, 2024, 37.1% of
                              relationship is with the head office of the respective bank,                       Mackenzie mutual fund assets were rated in the top two
                              insurance company or investment company.                                           performance quartiles for the one year time frame, 53.9%
                                                                                                                 for the three year time frame and 48.7% for the five year




                                                               Management's Discussion and Analysis | IGM Financial Inc. 2024 Second Quarter Report                                   33
                              C  30                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
     time frame. Mackenzie also monitors its fund performance                               • Mackenzie Global Dividend ETF seeks to provide long-term
     relative to the ratings it receives on its mutual funds from the                         capital growth and current income by investing in equity
     Morningstar † fund ranking service. At June 30, 2024, 84.8% of                           securities of global companies that pay, or may be expected
     Mackenzie mutual fund assets measured by Morningstar † had a                             to pay, dividends.
     rating of three stars or better and 51.7% had a rating of four or                      • Mackenzie Canadian Low Volatility ETF and Mackenzie US
     five stars. This compared to the Morningstar † universe of 86.1%                         Low Volatility ETF use a proprietary stock selection process
     for three stars or better and 54.2% for four and five star funds                         based on fundamental insights to construct risk-optimized
     at June 30, 2024.                                                                        portfolios of Canadian and U.S. companies diversified across
                                                                                              markets and sectors.
     Products
     Mackenzie continues to evolve its product shelf by providing                           Asset Management AUM
     enhanced investment solutions for financial advisors to offer
                                                                                            AUM is a key performance indicator for the Asset Management
     their clients.
                                                                                            segment.

     Mutual Funds                                                                           The changes in total AUM are summarized in Table 14 and the
     Mackenzie manages its product shelf through new fund launches                          changes in investment fund AUM are summarized in Table 15.
     and fund mergers to streamline fund offerings for advisors and                         Assets managed for the Wealth Management segment are
     investors. During the current quarter, Mackenzie launched two                          included in total AUM.
     mutual funds and announced proposed fund mergers.
                                                                                            Asset Management AUM including strategic investments were
     Alternative Funds                                                                      $331.1 billion at June 30, 2024, compared to $298.6 billion at
                                                                                            June 30, 2023. Strategic investments AUM is based on the
     Mackenzie currently has ten alternative funds including four
                                                                                            Company’s direct and indirect ownership interest in these
     products in collaboration with Northleaf Capital Partners
                                                                                            companies.
     (Northleaf) as part of its ongoing commitment to expand retail
     investor access to private market investment solutions.                                At June 30, 2024, Mackenzie’s total AUM were $202.1 billion,
                                                                                            an increase of 4.5% from $193.3 billion last year. Mackenzie’s
     Exchange Traded Funds                                                                  total third party AUM were $122.7 billion, an increase of 5.2%
     The addition of Exchange Traded Funds (ETF) has complemented                           from $116.6 billion last year. The change in Mackenzie’s AUM is
     Mackenzie’s broad and innovative fund line-up and reflects its                         determined by investment returns and net contributions from
     investor-focused vision to provide advisors and investors with                         our clients.
     new solutions to drive investor outcomes and achieve their
                                                                                            At June 30, 2024, ChinaAMC’s AUM was RMB¥ 2,158.5 billion
     personal goals. These ETFs offer investors another investment
                                                                                            ($406.5 billion) compared to RMB¥ 1,801.7 billion ($328.9 billion)
     option when building long-term diversified portfolios. During the
                                                                                            at June 30, 2023, an increase of 19.8% (CAD 23.6%). Mackenzie
     current quarter, Mackenzie launched three ETFs.
                                                                                            holds a 27.8% interest in ChinaAMC.
     Mackenzie’s current line-up consists of 53 ETFs: 29 active and
                                                                                            At June 30, 2024, Northleaf’s AUM was $29.1 billion compared
     strategic beta ETFs and 24 traditional index ETFs. ETF AUM
                                                                                            to $25.2 billion at June 30, 2023, an increase of 15.5%.
     ended the quarter at $14.4 billion, inclusive of $8.1 billion in
                                                                                            Mackenzie holds a 56% economic interest in Northleaf.
     investments from IGM managed products. This ranks Mackenzie
     in seventh place in the Canadian ETF industry for AUM.
                                                                                            Mackenzie Investments AUM
     2024 Launches
                                                                                            Change in AUM – 2024 vs. 2023




                                                                                                                                                                 PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
     During the second quarter, Mackenzie launched two mutual
                                                                                            Mackenzie’s total AUM at June 30, 2024 were $202.1 billion,
     funds and three ETFs:
                                                                                            an increase of 4.5% from $193.3 billion at June 30, 2023.
     • Mackenzie Emerging Markets Ex-China Equity Fund seeks                                Third party AUM were $122.7 billion, an increase of 5.2% from
       to provide long-term capital growth by investing primarily                           $116.6 billion at June 30, 2023.
       in equity securities of companies in emerging markets,
       excluding China.                                                                     Investment fund AUM were $64.8 billion at June 30, 2024,
                                                                                            compared to $61.5 billion at June 30, 2023, an increase of
     • Mackenzie Global Corporate Fixed Income Fund seeks to
                                                                                            5.2%. Mackenzie’s mutual fund AUM of $58.5 billion increased
       generate income with the potential for long-term capital
                                                                                            by 3.8% from $56.4 billion at June 30, 2023. Mackenzie’s ETF
       growth by investing primarily in fixed income securities of
                                                                                            assets excluding ETFs held within IGM Financial’s managed
       global corporate issuers.




34 IGM Financial Inc. 2024 Second Quarter Report | Management's Discussion and Analysis
                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                         C  31
                              Table 14: Change in Total AUM – Asset Management

                                                                                                                                                                                              Change
                              Three months ended                                                                                      2024            2024               2023      2024         2023
                              ($ millions)                                                                                          Jun. 30          Mar. 31           Jun. 30    Mar. 31     Jun. 30

                              Mackenzie AUM excluding sub-advisory to
                              Canada Life and the Wealth Management Segment
                               Net sales (redemptions)
                                 Mutual funds                                                                                 $       (906)     $       (526)     $      (701)     (72.2)%     (29.2)%
                                 ETF net creations                                                                                     161               332                85     (51.5)       89.4
                                 Investment funds(1)(2)                                                                               (745)             (194)             (616)     N/M        (20.9)
                                 Sub-advisory, institutional and other accounts(3)(4)                                                 (171)               20              273       N/M         N/M
                               Total net sales (redemptions)                                                                          (916)             (174)            (343)      N/M       (167.1)
                               Investment returns                                                                                      795            3,779               683      (79.0)       16.4
                               Net change in assets                                                                                   (121)           3,605               340       N/M         N/M
                               Beginning assets                                                                                    72,887            69,282           68,402         5.2         6.6
                               Ending assets                                                                                  $    72,766       $    72,887       $    68,742        (0.2)%      5.9 %
                              Mackenzie Consolidated AUM
                                 Mutual funds                                                                                 $    58,505       $    58,847       $   56,371         (0.6)%      3.8 %
                                 ETFs                                                                                                6,250            6,074             5,168        2.9        20.9
                                 Investment funds(1)(2)                                                                            64,755            64,921            61,539        (0.3)       5.2
                                 Sub-advisory, institutional and other accounts(4)                                                   8,011            7,966             7,203        0.6        11.2
                                                                                                                                   72,766            72,887            68,742        (0.2)       5.9
                                 Sub-advisory to Canada Life(5)                                                                    49,960            51,281            47,871       (2.6)        4.4
                               Third party AUM                                                                                    122,726           124,168           116,613        (1.2)       5.2
                               Sub-advisory and AUM to Wealth Management(2)(5)                                                     79,393            79,503            76,722        (0.1)       3.5
                               Consolidated AUM                                                                               $ 202,119         $ 203,671         $ 193,335          (0.8)%      4.5 %
                              Strategic investments ending AUM
                               ChinaAMC                                                                                       $ 112,998         $ 108,798         $   91,443         3.9 %      23.6 %
                               Northleaf                                                                                           16,308            15,283            14,120        6.7        15.5
                               Intra-segment eliminations                                                                             (329)             (309)            (255)      (6.5)      (29.0)
                                                                                                                              $ 128,977         $ 123,772         $ 105,308          4.2 %      22.5 %
                              Consolidated ending AUM including strategic investments                                         $ 331,096         $ 327,443         $ 298,643           1.1 %     10.9 %
                              Mackenzie average total AUM(6)
                               Third party AUM                                                                                $ 122,773         $ 121,000         $ 116,318          1.5 %       5.5 %
                               Consolidated                                                                                       201,757           198,874           193,052        1.4         4.5

                              (1) Investment fund AUM and net sales exclude investments into Mackenzie mutual funds and ETFs by IGM Financial’s investment funds.
                              (2) Effective January 2023, Mackenzie investment fund products sold through IG Wealth Management are reclassified from Investment funds to Sub-advisory and AUM to
                                  Wealth Management.
                              (3) In the first quarter of 2024, the IG Wealth Management pension plan redeemed $177 million from IG Wealth Management mutual funds that was re-allocated into a
                                  separately managed account managed by Mackenzie.
                              (4) Sub-advisory, institutional and other accounts – During the second quarter of 2023, Mackenzie onboarded an institutional mandate of $490 million.
                              (5) Effective November 30, 2023, Mackenzie’s sub-advisory to discontinued operations, which had previously been reported in sub-advisory and AUM to Wealth
                                  Management, are now reported in sub-advisory to Canada Life.
                              (6) Based on daily average investment fund assets and month-end average sub-advisory, institutional and other assets.




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                              products were $6.3 billion at June 30, 2024, an increase of                                 months ended June 30, 2024 were $906 million, compared
                              20.9% from $5.2 billion at June 30, 2023. ETF assets inclusive of                           to net redemptions of $701 million last year. In the three
                              IGM Financial’s managed products were $14.4 billion at June 30,                             months ended June 30, 2024, ETF net creations were
                              2024 compared to $12.9 billion at June 30, 2023.                                            $161 million compared to $85 million last year. Investment
                                                                                                                          fund net redemptions in the current quarter were $745 million
                              In the three months ended June 30, 2024, Mackenzie’s mutual
                                                                                                                          compared to net redemptions of $616 million last year. During
                              fund gross sales were $2.1 billion, an increase of 23.0%
                                                                                                                          the current quarter, investment returns resulted in investment
                              compared to $1.7 billion in 2023. Mutual fund redemptions
                                                                                                                          fund assets increasing by $579 million consistent with last year.
                              in the current quarter were $3.0 billion, an increase of 24.8%
                              from last year. Mutual fund net redemptions for the three




                                                                      Management's Discussion and Analysis | IGM Financial Inc. 2024 Second Quarter Report                                               35
                              C  32                                             P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
     Table 14: Change in Total AUM – Asset Management (continued)

     Six months ended                                                                                                                              2024            2023
     ($ millions)                                                                                                                                Jun. 30         Jun. 30   Change

     Mackenzie AUM excluding sub-advisory to Canada Life and the Wealth Management Segment
      Net sales (redemptions)
        Mutual funds                                                                                                                        $    (1,432)   $       (615)   (132.8)%
        ETF net creations                                                                                                                           493              71      N/M
        Investment funds(1)(2)                                                                                                                     (939)          (544)     (72.6)
        Sub-advisory, institutional and other accounts(3)(4)                                                                                       (151)           371       N/M
      Total net sales (redemptions)                                                                                                              (1,090)           (173)     N/M
      Investment returns                                                                                                                          4,574          2,840       61.1
      Net change in assets                                                                                                                        3,484          2,667       30.6
      Beginning assets                                                                                                                           69,282         66,075        4.9
      Ending assets                                                                                                                         $    72,766    $    68,742        5.9 %
     Mackenzie average total AUM(5)
      Third party AUM                                                                                                                       $ 121,728      $ 115,957          5.0 %
      Consolidated                                                                                                                              200,040        192,415        4.0

     (1) Investment fund AUM and net sales exclude investments into Mackenzie mutual funds and ETFs by IGM Financial’s investment funds.
     (2) Effective January 2023, Mackenzie investment fund products sold through IG Wealth Management are reclassified from Investment funds to Sub-advisory and AUM to
         Wealth Management.
     (3) In the first quarter of 2024, the IG Wealth Management pension plan redeemed $177 million from IG Wealth Management mutual funds that was re-allocated into a
         separately managed account managed by Mackenzie.
     (4) Sub-advisory, institutional and other accounts – During the second quarter of 2023, Mackenzie onboarded an institutional mandate of $490 million.
     (5) Based on daily average investment fund assets and month-end average sub-advisory, institutional and other assets.




     Table 15: Change in Investment Fund AUM – Mackenzie Investments(1)

                                                                                                                                                                           Change
     Three months ended                                                                                       2024            2024                2023          2024         2023
     ($ millions)                                                                                           Jun. 30          Mar. 31            Jun. 30        Mar. 31     Jun. 30

     Sales                                                                                             $     2,142      $      2,357    $        1,742            (9.1)%     23.0 %
     Redemptions                                                                                             3,048             2,883            2,443             5.7        24.8
     Mutual fund net sales (redemptions)                                                                      (906)             (526)             (701)         (72.2)      (29.2)
     ETF net creations                                                                                         161               332                85          (51.5)       89.4
     Investment fund net sales (redemptions)(2)(3)                                                            (745)             (194)            (616)           N/M        (20.9)
     Investment returns                                                                                        579             3,200              579           (81.9)          –
     Net change in assets                                                                                     (166)           3,006               (37)           N/M         N/M




                                                                                                                                                                                      PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
     Beginning assets                                                                                       64,921            61,915            61,576            4.9         5.4
     Ending assets                                                                                     $    64,755      $    64,921     $       61,539            (0.3)%      5.2 %
     Consists of:
      Mutual funds                                                                                     $    58,505      $    58,847     $       56,371            (0.6)%      3.8 %
      ETFs                                                                                                   6,250             6,074             5,168            2.9        20.9
      Investment funds(3)                                                                              $    64,755      $    64,921     $       61,539            (0.3)%      5.2 %
     Daily average investment fund assets                                                              $    64,468      $    63,020     $       61,201            2.3 %       5.3 %

     (1) Investment fund AUM and net sales excludes investments into Mackenzie mutual funds and ETFs by IGM Financial’s investment funds.
     (2) Total investment fund net sales and AUM exclude Mackenzie mutual fund investments in ETFs.
     (3) Effective January 2023, Mackenzie investment fund products sold through IG Wealth Management are reclassified from Investment funds to Sub-advisory and AUM to
         Wealth Management.




36 IGM Financial Inc. 2024 Second Quarter Report | Management's Discussion and Analysis
                                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                         C  33
                              Table 15: Change in Investment Fund AUM – Mackenzie Investments(1) (continued)

                              Six months ended                                                                                                                             2024          2023
                              ($ millions)                                                                                                                               Jun. 30       Jun. 30   Change

                              Sales                                                                                                                                $      4,499    $    4,031      11.6 %
                              Redemptions                                                                                                                                 5,931        4,646       27.7
                              Mutual fund net sales (redemptions)                                                                                                        (1,432)         (615)   (132.8)
                              ETF net creations                                                                                                                             493            71      N/M
                              Investment fund net sales (redemptions)(2)(3)                                                                                                (939)        (544)     (72.6)
                              Investment returns                                                                                                                          3,779         2,430      55.5
                              Net change in assets                                                                                                                        2,840         1,886      50.6
                              Beginning assets                                                                                                                          61,915         59,653       3.8
                              Ending assets                                                                                                                        $    64,755     $   61,539       5.2 %
                              Daily average investment fund assets                                                                                                 $    63,744     $   61,045       4.4 %

                              (1) Investment fund AUM and net sales excludes investments into Mackenzie mutual funds and ETFs by IGM Financial’s investment funds.
                              (2) Total investment fund net sales and AUM exclude Mackenzie mutual fund investments in ETFs.
                              (3) Effective January 2023, Mackenzie investment fund products sold through IG Wealth Management are reclassified from Investment funds to Sub-advisory and AUM to
                                  Wealth Management.




                              Total net redemptions excluding sub-advisory to Canada                                      funds was 19.1% at June 30, 2024, compared to 16.2% last year.
                              Life and to the Wealth Management segment for the three                                     The corresponding average twelve month trailing redemption
                              months ended June 30, 2024 were $916 million compared to                                    rate for long-term mutual funds for all other members of IFIC
                              net redemptions of $343 million last year. During the current                               was approximately 16.5% at June 30, 2024. Mackenzie’s twelve
                              quarter, investment returns resulted in assets increasing by                                month trailing redemption rate is comprised of the weighted
                              $795 million compared to an increase of $683 million last year.                             average redemption rate for front-end load assets, deferred
                                                                                                                          sales charge and low load assets with redemption fees, and
                              During the second quarter of 2023, Mackenzie onboarded
                                                                                                                          deferred sales charge assets without redemption fees (matured
                              an institutional mandate of $490 million. Excluding this
                                                                                                                          assets). Generally, redemption rates for front-end load assets
                              transaction, total net redemptions excluding sub-advisory to
                                                                                                                          and matured assets are higher than the redemption rates for
                              Canada Life and to the Wealth Management segment for the
                                                                                                                          deferred sales charge and low load assets with redemption fees.
                              three months ended June 2023 were $833 million.
                                                                                                                          Total net redemptions excluding sub-advisory to Canada Life
                              In the six months ended June 30, 2024, Mackenzie’s mutual
                                                                                                                          and to the Wealth Management segment for the six months
                              fund gross sales were $4.5 billion, an increase of 11.6% from
                                                                                                                          ended June 30, 2024 were $1.1 billion compared to net
                              $4.0 billion in 2023. Mutual fund redemptions in the current
                                                                                                                          redemptions of $173 million in 2023. During the six month
                              period were $5.9 billion, an increase of 27.7% from last year.
                                                                                                                          period, investment returns resulted in assets increasing by
                              Mutual fund net redemptions for the six months ended
                                                                                                                          $4.6 billion compared to an increase of $2.8 billion last year.
                              June 30, 2024 were $1.4 billion, compared to net redemptions
                              of $615 million in 2023. In the six months ended June 30, 2024,                             In January 2024, the IG Wealth Management pension plan
                              ETF net creations were $493 million compared to $71 million                                 redeemed $177 million from IG Wealth Management mutual
                              last year. Investment fund net redemptions in the current                                   funds that was re-allocated into a separately managed
                              period were $939 million compared to net redemptions of                                     account managed by Mackenzie. Excluding this activity, and
                              $544 million last year. During the current period, investment                               the $490 million onboarding in the second quarter of 2023




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                              returns resulted in investment fund assets increasing by                                    discussed above, total net redemptions were $1.3 billion in the
                              $3.8 billion compared to an increase of $2.4 billion last year.                             six months ended June 30, 2024 compared to net redemptions
                                                                                                                          of $683 million last year.
                              Redemptions of long-term mutual funds in the three and six
                              months ended June 30, 2024, were $3.0 billion and $5.8 billion,                             As at June 30, 2024, Mackenzie’s sub-advisory to Canada Life
                              respectively, compared to $2.4 billion and $4.5 billion last year.                          were $50.0 billion compared to $47.9 billion at June 30, 2023.
                              Mackenzie’s annualized quarterly redemption rate for long-
                                                                                                                          As at June 30, 2024, Mackenzie’s sub-advisory and AUM to
                              term mutual funds was 21.0% in the second quarter of 2024,
                                                                                                                          the Wealth Management segment were $79.4 billion or 69.2%
                              compared to 17.3% in the second quarter of 2023. Mackenzie’s
                                                                                                                          of Wealth Management AUM excluding strategic investments
                              twelve month trailing redemption rate for long-term mutual




                                                                      Management's Discussion and Analysis | IGM Financial Inc. 2024 Second Quarter Report                                                  37
                              C  34                                             P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
     compared to $76.7 billion or 70.0% of Wealth Management                                Redemptions of long-term mutual fund assets in the current
     AUM excluding strategic investments at June 30, 2023.                                  quarter were $3.0 billion, compared to $2.9 billion in the first
                                                                                            quarter. Mackenzie’s annualized quarterly redemption rate
     Change in AUM – Q2 2024 vs. Q1 2024                                                    for long-term mutual funds for the current quarter was 21.0%
     Mackenzie’s total AUM at June 30, 2024 were $202.1 billion,                            compared to 20.1% in the first quarter.
     a decrease of 0.8% from $203.7 billion at March 31, 2024.
                                                                                            For the quarter ended June 30, 2024, Mackenzie ETF net
     Third party AUM were $122.7 billion, a decrease of 1.2% from
                                                                                            creations were $161 million compared to $332 million in the
     $124.2 billion at March 31, 2024.
                                                                                            first quarter.
     Investment fund AUM were $64.8 billion at June 30, 2024,
                                                                                            Investment fund net redemptions in the current quarter were
     a decrease of 0.3% from $64.9 billion at March 31, 2024.
                                                                                            $745 million compared to net redemptions of $194 million in
     Mackenzie’s mutual fund AUM were $58.5 billion at June 30,
                                                                                            the first quarter.
     2024, a decrease of 0.6% from $58.8 billion at March 31, 2024.
     Mackenzie’s ETF assets were $6.3 billion at June 30, 2024                              As at June 30, 2024, Mackenzie’s sub-advisory to Canada Life
     compared to $6.1 billion at March 31, 2024. ETF assets inclusive                       were $50.0 billion compared to $51.3 billion at March 31, 2024.
     of IGM Financial’s managed products were $14.4 billion at
                                                                                            As at June 30, 2024, Mackenzie’s sub-advisory and AUM to
     June 30, 2024 compared to $13.8 billion at March 31, 2024.
                                                                                            the Wealth Management segment were $79.4 billion or 69.2%
     For the quarter ended June 30, 2024, Mackenzie mutual fund                             of Wealth Management AUM excluding strategic investments
     gross sales were $2.1 billion, a decrease of 9.1% from the first                       compared to $79.5 billion or 70.0% of Wealth Management
     quarter of 2024. Mutual fund redemptions were $3.0 billion,                            AUM excluding strategic investments at March 31, 2024.
     an increase of 5.7% from the first quarter of 2024. Net
     redemptions of Mackenzie mutual funds for the current quarter
     were $906 million compared to net redemptions of $526 million
     in the previous quarter.




                                                                                                                                                                PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.




38 IGM Financial Inc. 2024 Second Quarter Report | Management's Discussion and Analysis
                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                         C  35
                              Review of Segment Operating Results
                              The Asset Management segment’s adjusted net earnings are                                     the six months ended June 30, 2024 were $166.4 million, an
                              presented in Table 16 and include the operations of Mackenzie                                increase of 13.7% from 2023.
                              Investments and earnings related to strategic investments.
                                                                                                                           2024 vs. 2023
                              Mackenzie Investments                                                                        Revenues
                              Mackenzie Investments’ adjusted net earnings are presented                                   Asset management fees are classified as either Asset
                              in Table 17. Adjusted net earnings for the second quarter of                                 management fees – third party or Asset management fees –
                              2024 were $55.9 million, an increase of 11.6% from the second                                Wealth Management.
                              quarter in 2023 and a decrease of 2.4% from the prior quarter.
                              Adjusted net earnings for the six months ended June 30, 2024                                 • Net asset management fees – third party is comprised of
                              were $113.2 million, an increase of 14.9% from 2023.                                           the following:
                                                                                                                              - Asset management fees – third party consists of
                              Adjusted earnings before interest and taxes for the second
                                                                                                                                management and administration fees earned from our
                              quarter of 2024 were $82.1 million, an increase of 9.3% from
                                                                                                                                investment funds and management fees from our third
                              the second quarter in 2023 and a decrease of 2.6% from the
                                                                                                                                party sub-advisory, institutional and other accounts.
                              prior quarter. Adjusted earnings before interest and taxes for
                                                                                                                                   The largest component is management fees from
                                                                                                                                   our investment funds. The amount of management




                              Table 16: Operating Results – Asset Management

                                                                                                                                                                                               Change
                              Three months ended                                                                                       2024            2024               2023      2024         2023
                              ($ millions)                                                                                           Jun. 30          Mar. 31           Jun. 30    Mar. 31     Jun. 30

                              Revenues
                               Asset management
                                 Asset management fees – third party                                                           $      241.5      $     238.2       $     235.1        1.4 %       2.7 %
                                 Redemption fees                                                                                         0.9              0.6               0.8      50.0        12.5
                                                                                                                                      242.4            238.8             235.9        1.5         2.8
                               Dealer compensation expenses
                                 Asset-based compensation                                                                             (80.2)            (79.3)            (78.8)       1.1        1.8
                               Net asset management fees – third party                                                                162.2             159.5            157.1        1.7         3.2
                               Asset management fees – Wealth Management                                                               29.1              29.1             28.3           –        2.8
                               Net asset management                                                                                   191.3            188.6             185.4        1.4         3.2
                               Net investment income and other                                                                           3.2              6.5               1.0     (50.8)     220.0
                               Proportionate share of associates’ earnings                                                             33.6              34.0             30.8        (1.2)       9.1
                                                                                                                                      228.1            229.1             217.2        (0.4)       5.0
                              Expenses
                               Advisory and business development                                                                       21.4              21.4              21.0          –        1.9
                               Operations and support                                                                                  90.8              88.5              89.7       2.6         1.2




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                               Sub-advisory                                                                                              1.4               1.3              1.1        7.7       27.3
                                                                                                                                      113.6             111.2            111.8        2.2         1.6
                              Adjusted earnings before interest and taxes(1)                                                          114.5             117.9            105.4        (2.9)       8.6
                              Interest expense                                                                                           6.5              6.5               6.1          –        6.6
                              Adjusted earnings before income taxes(1)                                                                108.0             111.4             99.3        (3.1)       8.8
                              Income taxes                                                                                             22.1              23.2              21.6       (4.7)       2.3
                              Adjusted net earnings(1)                                                                                 85.9              88.2              77.7      (2.6)       10.6
                              Non-controlling interest                                                                                   1.1               1.4              0.6     (21.4)       83.3
                              Adjusted net earnings available to common shareholders(1)                                        $       84.8      $       86.8      $       77.1       (2.3)%     10.0 %

                              (1) A non-IFRS financial measure – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures section of this document.




                                                                      Management's Discussion and Analysis | IGM Financial Inc. 2024 Second Quarter Report                                                39
                              C  36                                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
     Table 16: Operating Results – Asset Management (continued)

     Six months ended                                                                                                                          2024          2023
     ($ millions)                                                                                                                            Jun. 30       Jun. 30   Change

     Revenues
      Asset management
        Asset management fees – third party                                                                                              $   479.7     $   467.5        2.6 %
        Redemption fees                                                                                                                         1.5           1.7     (11.8)
                                                                                                                                             481.2         469.2        2.6
      Dealer compensation expenses
        Asset-based compensation                                                                                                             (159.5)       (157.5)      1.3
      Net asset management fees – third party                                                                                                321.7          311.7       3.2
      Asset management fees – Wealth Management                                                                                                58.2         56.8        2.5
      Net asset management                                                                                                                   379.9         368.5        3.1
      Net investment income and other                                                                                                           9.7           5.5      76.4
      Proportionate share of associates’ earnings                                                                                              67.6         64.0        5.6
                                                                                                                                             457.2         438.0        4.4
     Expenses
      Advisory and business development                                                                                                        42.8          43.7      (2.1)
      Operations and support                                                                                                                 179.3         182.8       (1.9)
      Sub-advisory                                                                                                                              2.7           2.2      22.7
                                                                                                                                             224.8         228.7       (1.7)
     Adjusted earnings before interest and taxes(1)                                                                                          232.4         209.3       11.0
     Interest expense                                                                                                                          13.0          11.9       9.2
     Adjusted earnings before income taxes(1)                                                                                                219.4         197.4       11.1
     Income taxes                                                                                                                              45.3          41.3       9.7
     Adjusted net earnings(1)                                                                                                                174.1         156.1       11.5
     Non-controlling interest                                                                                                                   2.5           1.6      56.3
     Adjusted net earnings available to common shareholders(1)                                                                           $   171.6     $   154.5       11.1 %

     (1) A non-IFRS financial measure – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures section of this document.



           fees depends on the level and composition of AUM.                                              compensation represents trailing commissions paid to
           Management fee rates vary depending on the investment                                          dealers on certain classes of retail mutual funds and are
           objective and the account type of the underlying AUM.                                          calculated as a percentage of mutual fund AUM. These
           For example, equity-based mandates have higher                                                 fees vary depending on the fund type and the purchase
           management fee rates than exchange traded funds,                                               option upon which the fund was sold: front-end, deferred
           fixed income mandates and retail mutual fund accounts                                          sales charge or low load. Sales-based compensation are
           have higher management fee rates than sub-advised                                              paid to dealers on the sale of mutual funds under the
           and institutional accounts. The majority of Mackenzie’s                                        deferred sales charge purchase option and on a low load
           mutual fund assets are retail and sold through third party                                     purchase option. Mackenzie stopped selling deferred sales
           financial advisors.                                                                            charge purchase options and low load purchase options as
        - Redemption fees – consists of fees earned from the                                              of June 1, 2022, in accordance with regulatory changes.




                                                                                                                                                                                PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
          redemptions of mutual fund assets sold on a deferred                                     • Asset management fees – Wealth Management consists
          sales charge purchase option and on a low load purchase                                    of sub-advisory fees earned from the Wealth Management
          option. Redemption fees charged for deferred sales charge                                  segment.
          assets range from 5.5% in the first year and decrease
                                                                                                   Net asset management fees – third party were $162.2 million
          to zero after seven years. Redemption fees for low load
                                                                                                   for the three months ended June 30, 2024, an increase of
          assets range from 2.0% to 3.0% in the first year and
                                                                                                   $5.1 million or 3.2% from $157.1 million last year. The increase
          decrease to zero after two or three years, depending on
                                                                                                   in net asset management fees – third party was primarily
          the purchase option.
                                                                                                   due to a 5.5% increase in average AUM, as shown in Table 14,
        - Dealer compensation expenses – consists of asset-
                                                                                                   partially offset by a decrease in the net asset management fee
          based and sales-based compensation. Asset-based
                                                                                                   rate. Mackenzie’s net asset management fee rate was 53.0 basis




40 IGM Financial Inc. 2024 Second Quarter Report | Management's Discussion and Analysis
                                         P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                  C  37
                              Table 17: Operating Results – Mackenzie Investments

                                                                                                                                                                                                       Change
                              Three months ended                                                                                       2024            2024                  2023           2024         2023
                              ($ millions)                                                                                           Jun. 30          Mar. 31              Jun. 30         Mar. 31     Jun. 30
                              Revenues
                               Asset management
                                 Asset management fees – third party                                                           $      241.5      $     238.2       $       235.1              1.4 %       2.7 %
                                 Redemption fees                                                                                         0.9              0.6                 0.8            50.0        12.5
                                                                                                                                      242.4            238.8               235.9              1.5         2.8
                               Dealer compensation expenses
                                 Asset-based compensation                                                                             (80.2)            (79.3)              (78.8)             1.1        1.8
                               Net asset management fees – third party                                                                162.2             159.5               157.1              1.7        3.2
                               Asset management fees – Wealth Management                                                               29.1              29.1               28.3                 –        2.8
                               Net asset management                                                                                   191.3            188.6               185.4              1.4         3.2
                               Net investment income and other                                                                           4.0              6.5                 1.0           (38.5)       N/M
                                                                                                                                      195.3             195.1              186.4               0.1        4.8
                              Expenses
                               Advisory and business development                                                                       21.4              21.4                21.0                –        1.9
                               Operations and support                                                                                  90.4              88.1               89.2              2.6         1.3
                               Sub-advisory                                                                                              1.4               1.3                1.1              7.7       27.3
                                                                                                                                      113.2             110.8               111.3             2.2         1.7
                              Adjusted earnings before interest and taxes(1)                                                           82.1              84.3                75.1             (2.6)       9.3
                              Interest expense                                                                                           6.5              6.5                 6.1                –        6.6
                              Adjusted earnings before income taxes(1)                                                                 75.6              77.8                69.0             (2.8)       9.6
                              Income taxes                                                                                             19.7              20.5                18.9             (3.9)       4.2
                              Adjusted net earnings(1)                                                                         $       55.9      $       57.3      $         50.1             (2.4)%     11.6 %

                              Six months ended                                                                                                                                2024             2023
                              ($ millions)                                                                                                                                  Jun. 30          Jun. 30   Change
                              Revenues
                               Asset management
                                 Asset management fees – third party                                                                                                   $     479.7     $     467.5        2.6 %
                                 Redemption fees                                                                                                                                 1.5            1.7     (11.8)
                                                                                                                                                                             481.2           469.2        2.6
                               Dealer compensation expenses
                                 Asset-based compensation                                                                                                                   (159.5)          (157.5)      1.3
                               Net asset management fees – third party                                                                                                       321.7            311.7       3.2
                               Asset management fees – Wealth Management                                                                                                      58.2            56.8        2.5
                               Net asset management                                                                                                                          379.9           368.5        3.1
                               Net investment income and other                                                                                                                10.5              5.5      90.9
                                                                                                                                                                             390.4           374.0        4.4
                              Expenses
                               Advisory and business development                                                                                                              42.8             43.7       (2.1)
                               Operations and support                                                                                                                        178.5           181.7       (1.8)
                               Sub-advisory                                                                                                                                      2.7            2.2      22.7




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                                                                                                                                                             224.0           227.6       (1.6)
                              Adjusted earnings before interest and taxes(1)                                                                                                 166.4           146.4       13.7
                              Interest expense                                                                                                                                13.0             11.9       9.2
                              Adjusted earnings before income taxes(1)                                                                                                       153.4           134.5       14.1
                              Income taxes                                                                                                                                    40.2            36.0       11.7
                              Adjusted net earnings(1)                                                                                                                 $     113.2     $      98.5       14.9 %

                              (1) A non-IFRS financial measure – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures section of this document.




                                                                      Management's Discussion and Analysis | IGM Financial Inc. 2024 Second Quarter Report                                                        41
                              C  38                                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
     points for the three months ended June 30, 2024, compared to                            and support expenses were $90.4 million for the three months
     54.3 basis points in the comparative period in 2023.                                    ended June 30, 2024, an increase of $1.2 million or 1.3% from
                                                                                             $89.2 million in 2023. Expenses for the six months ended
     Net asset management fees – third party were $321.7 million
                                                                                             June 30, 2024 were $178.5 million, a decrease of $3.2 million
     for the six months ended June 30, 2024, an increase of
                                                                                             or 1.8% from $181.7 million last year.
     $10.0 million or 3.2% from $311.7 million last year. The increase
     in net asset management fees – third party was primarily due                            Sub-advisory expenses were $1.4 million for the three
     to a 5.0% increase in average AUM, as shown in Table 14, offset                         months ended June 30, 2024, compared to $1.1 million in
     by a decrease in the net management fee rate. Mackenzie’s net                           2023. Expenses for the six months ended June 30, 2024 were
     asset management fee rate was 53.1 basis points for the six                             $2.7 million, compared to $2.2 million last year.
     months ended June 30, 2024, compared to 54.3 basis points in
     the comparative period in 2023.                                                         Interest Expense
                                                                                             Interest expense, which includes allocated interest expense
     Asset management fees – Wealth Management were
                                                                                             on long-term debt and interest expense on leases, totalled
     $29.1 million for the three months ended June 30, 2024, an
                                                                                             $6.5 million in the second quarter of 2024, compared to
     increase of $0.8 million or 2.8% from $28.3 million last year.
                                                                                             $6.1 million in the comparative period in 2023. Interest
     The increase in management fees was due to a 2.9% increase in
                                                                                             expense for the six month period was $13.0 million compared
     average AUM, partially offset by a decrease in the management
                                                                                             to $11.9 million in 2023. Long-term debt interest expense
     fee rate. Mackenzie’s management fee rate was 14.8 basis
                                                                                             is calculated based on an allocation of IGM Financial’s long-
     points for the three months ended June 30, 2024 compared to
                                                                                             term debt to Mackenzie. The allocation of debt increased to
     14.9 basis points in the comparative period in 2023.
                                                                                             $450 million during the second quarter of 2023, as a result of
     Asset management fees – Wealth Management were                                          the issuance of long-term debt by IGM Financial. Previously,
     $58.2 million for the six months ended June 30, 2024, an                                the allocation was $400 million.
     increase of $1.4 million or 2.5% from $56.8 million last year. The
     increase in management fees was due to a 2.4% increase in                               Q2 2024 vs. Q1 2024
     average AUM. Mackenzie’s management fee rate was 14.9 basis
     points for the six months ended June 30, 2024, compared to                              Revenues
     15.0 basis points in the comparative period in 2023.                                    Net asset management fees – third party were $162.2 million
                                                                                             for the current quarter, an increase of $2.7 million or 1.7% from
     Net investment income and other primarily includes investment
                                                                                             $159.5 million in the first quarter of 2024. Factors contributing
     returns related to Mackenzie’s investments in proprietary
                                                                                             to the net increase were:
     funds. These investments are generally made in the process
     of launching a fund and are sold as third party investors                               • Average AUM were $122.8 billion in the current quarter, an
     subscribe. Net investment income and other was $4.0 million                               increase of 1.5% from the prior quarter.
     for the three months ended June 30, 2024 compared to                                    • Net asset management fee rate was 53.0 basis points for the
     $1.0 million last year, and was $10.5 million for the six months                            current quarter consistent with the first quarter.
     ended June 30, 2024 compared to $5.5 million last year.
                                                                                             Asset management fees – Wealth Management were
                                                                                             $29.1 million in the current quarter, consistent with the first
     Expenses
                                                                                             quarter of 2024.
     Mackenzie incurs advisory and business development expenses
     that primarily include wholesale distribution activities and                            Net investment income and other was $4.0 million for the
     these costs vary directly with assets or sales levels. Advisory                         current quarter, compared to $6.5 million in the first quarter.
     and business development expenses were $21.4 million for the
                                                                                             Expenses




                                                                                                                                                                   PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
     three months ended June 30, 2024, an increase of $0.4 million
     or 1.9% from $21.0 million in 2023. Expenses for the six                                Advisory and business development expenses were
     months ended June 30, 2024 were $42.8 million, a decrease of                            $21.4 million for the current quarter, consistent with the
     $0.9 million or 2.1% from $43.7 million last year.                                      first quarter.

     Operations and support includes costs associated with                                   Operations and support expenses were $90.4 million for
     business operations, including technology and business                                  the current quarter, an increase of $2.3 million or 2.6% from
     processes, in-house investment management and product                                   $88.1 million in the first quarter.
     shelf management, corporate management and support
                                                                                             Sub-advisory expenses were $1.4 million for the current
     functions. These expenses primarily reflect compensation,
                                                                                             quarter, compared to $1.3 in the first quarter.
     technology and other service provider expenses. Operations




42 IGM Financial Inc. 2024 Second Quarter Report | Management's Discussion and Analysis
                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                           C  39
                              Asset Management Strategic Investments                                                       The Company’s share of ChinaAMC’s earnings were
                                                                                                                           $28.3 million in the second quarter of 2024 compared to
                              Asset Management strategic investment’s adjusted net
                                                                                                                           $27.7 million in the comparable period in 2023, and were
                              earnings are presented within Table 18. Adjusted net earnings
                                                                                                                           $55.2 million in the six month period of 2024, compared to
                              for the second quarter of 2024 were $28.9 million, compared
                                                                                                                           $55.8 million in 2023.
                              to $27.0 million in 2023 and $29.5 million in the prior quarter.
                              Adjusted net earnings for the six months ended were                                          The Company’s share of Northleaf’s earnings were $5.3 million
                              $58.4 million, compared to $56.0 million in 2023.                                            in the second quarter of 2024 compared to $3.1 million in the
                                                                                                                           comparable period in 2023, and were $12.4 million in the six
                              The proportionate share of associates’ earnings consists of
                                                                                                                           month period of 2024, compared to $8.2 million in 2023. This is
                              equity earnings from ChinaAMC and Northleaf.
                                                                                                                           offset by non-controlling interest as reflected in the table.




                              Table 18: Operating Results – Asset Management Strategic Investments

                                                                                                                                                                                                         Change
                              Three months ended                                                                                       2024            2024                  2023           2024           2023
                              ($ millions)                                                                                           Jun. 30          Mar. 31              Jun. 30         Mar. 31       Jun. 30

                              Revenues
                               Net investment income and other                                                                 $        (0.8)    $           –     $             –           N/M %         N/M %
                               Proportionate share of associates’ earnings
                                 ChinaAMC                                                                                              28.3              26.9                27.7             5.2           2.2
                                 Northleaf                                                                                               5.3               7.1                3.1           (25.4)         71.0
                                                                                                                                       32.8              34.0               30.8             (3.5)          6.5
                              Expenses
                               Operations and support                                                                                    0.4              0.4                 0.5                –        (20.0)
                              Adjusted earnings before income taxes(1)                                                                 32.4              33.6               30.3              (3.6)         6.9
                              Income taxes                                                                                               2.4              2.7                 2.7            (11.1)        (11.1)
                              Adjusted net earnings(1)                                                                                 30.0              30.9                27.6             (2.9)         8.7
                              Non-controlling interest                                                                                   1.1               1.4                0.6           (21.4)         83.3
                              Adjusted net earnings available to common shareholders(1)                                        $       28.9      $       29.5      $         27.0             (2.0)%        7.0 %

                              Six months ended                                                                                                                                2024             2023
                              ($ millions)                                                                                                                                  Jun. 30          Jun. 30     Change

                              Revenues
                               Net investment income and other                                                                                                         $       (0.8)   $             –     N/M %
                               Proportionate share of associates’ earnings




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                 ChinaAMC                                                                                                                                     55.2            55.8          (1.1)
                                 Northleaf                                                                                                                                    12.4              8.2        51.2
                                                                                                                                                                              66.8            64.0          4.4
                              Expenses
                               Operations and support                                                                                                                            0.8            1.1       (27.3)
                              Adjusted earnings before income taxes(1)                                                                                                        66.0             62.9         4.9
                              Income taxes                                                                                                                                       5.1            5.3        (3.8)
                              Adjusted net earnings(1)                                                                                                                        60.9             57.6         5.7
                              Non-controlling interest                                                                                                                           2.5            1.6        56.3
                              Adjusted net earnings available to common shareholders(1)                                                                                $      58.4     $      56.0          4.3 %
                              (1) A non-IFRS financial measure – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures section of this document.




                                                                      Management's Discussion and Analysis | IGM Financial Inc. 2024 Second Quarter Report                                                          43
                              C  40                                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
     Corporate and Other
     Review of Segment Operating Results

     The Corporate and Other segment includes the Company’s                                     2024 vs. 2023
     investments in Lifeco and Portage Ventures LPs (Portage), and
                                                                                                The proportionate share of Lifeco’s base earnings was
     unallocated capital.
                                                                                                $24.5 million, an increase of $4.1 million in the second quarter
     Adjusted earnings from the Corporate and Other segment                                     of 2024 compared to the second quarter of 2023, and were
     include the Company’s proportionate share of Lifeco’s base                                 $48.4 million for the six month period of 2024, compared
     earnings, an alternate measure Lifeco uses to understand                                   to $40.8 million in 2023. The proportionate share of Lifeco’s
     the underlying business performance compared to IFRS net                                   net earnings was $23.6 million, a decrease of $6.0 million in
     earnings. Lifeco’s financial information can be obtained in its                            the second quarter of 2024 compared to the second quarter
     disclosure materials filed on www.sedarplus.ca. Comparative                                of 2023, and were $46.4 million for the six month period of
     periods have been restated to reflect this change. Net                                     2024, a decrease of $3.8 million compared to last year. These
     investment income on unallocated capital and consolidation                                 earnings reflect the proportionate share of equity earnings
     elimination entries are also included in this segment.                                     from Lifeco, as discussed in the Consolidated Financial Position
                                                                                                section of this MD&A. In the fourth quarter of 2023 and in
     At June 30, 2024, the Company held a 2.4% equity interest in
                                                                                                2024, the Company recorded its proportionate share of Lifeco
     Lifeco. IGM Financial and Lifeco are controlled by Power.
                                                                                                earnings based on actual earnings. In the first three quarters of
     Portage consists of early-stage investment funds dedicated                                 2023, the Company recorded its proportionate share of Lifeco
     to backing innovating financial services companies and are                                 earnings using consensus analysts’ earnings estimates, as
     controlled by Power.                                                                       Lifeco had reported quarterly earnings after the Company.

     In addition to Lifeco and other investments held by the                                    Net investment income and other was $4.1 million in the
     Company, the Corporate and Other segment includes                                          second quarter of 2024, an increase of $1.0 million from
     unallocated capital which totalled $378.6 million at June 30,                              $3.1 million in 2023. For the six month period, net investment
     2024 compared to $282.3 million at December 31, 2023, as                                   income and other was $7.9 million, an increase of $1.7 million
     detailed in Table 19.                                                                      from $6.2 million in 2023.

     Unallocated capital represents capital not allocated to any of
     the operating companies and which would be available for                                   Q2 2024 VS. Q1 2024
     investment, debt repayment, distribution to shareholders or
                                                                                                The proportionate share of Lifeco’s base earnings was
     other corporate purposes. This capital is invested in highly
                                                                                                $24.5 million in the second quarter of 2024, an increase of
     liquid, high quality financial instruments in accordance with the
                                                                                                $0.6 million from the first quarter of 2024. The proportionate
     Company’s Investment Policy.
                                                                                                share of Lifeco’s net earnings was $23.6 million, an increase of
     Corporate and Other segment adjusted net earnings are                                      $0.8 million from the first quarter of 2024.
     presented in Table 20.




                                                                                                                                                                          PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
     Table 19: Total Assets – Corporate and Other

     ($ millions)                                                                                                                     June 30, 2024   December 31, 2023

     Investments in associate
      Lifeco                                                                                                                          $      609.4         $     589.3
     FVTOCI investments
      Portage and other investments                                                                                                          128.5               114.7
     Unallocated capital                                                                                                                     378.6               282.3
     Total assets                                                                                                                     $    1,116.5         $     986.3
     Lifeco fair value                                                                                                                $      882.8         $     970.9




44 IGM Financial Inc. 2024 Second Quarter Report | Management's Discussion and Analysis
                                      P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                              C  41
                              Table 20: Operating Results – Corporate and Other

                                                                                                                                                                                                         Change
                              Three months ended                                                                                       2024            2024                  2023             2024         2023
                              ($ millions)                                                                                           Jun. 30          Mar. 31              Jun. 30           Mar. 31     Jun. 30

                              Revenues
                               Wealth Management                                                                               $        (2.3)    $        (1.9)    $         (1.5)             (21.1)%    (53.3)%
                               Asset management                                                                                       (25.7)            (26.0)              (25.5)              1.2        (0.8)
                               Dealer compensation expense                                                                              (0.9)             (0.8)              (0.7)             12.5        28.6
                               Net asset management                                                                                   (26.6)            (26.8)              (26.2)              0.7        (1.5)
                               Net investment income and other                                                                           4.1              3.8                 3.1                7.9       32.3
                               Proportionate share of Lifeco’s base earnings                                                           24.5              23.9               20.4                2.5        20.1
                                                                                                                                        (0.3)             (1.0)              (4.2)             70.0        92.9
                              Expenses
                               Operations and support                                                                                    0.8              0.4                 0.2             100.0        N/M
                               Sub-advisory                                                                                           (28.8)            (28.8)              (27.7)                 –       (4.0)
                                                                                                                                      (28.0)            (28.4)              (27.5)              1.4        (1.8)
                              Adjusted earnings before income taxes (1)                                                                27.7              27.4               23.3                 1.1       18.9
                              Income taxes                                                                                               0.8              0.9                 1.0              (11.1)     (20.0)
                              Adjusted net earnings – continuing operations(1)                                                         26.9              26.5               22.3                1.5        20.6
                              Net earnings – discontinued operations                                                                       –                 –               (2.2)                 –      100.0
                              Adjusted net earnings(1)                                                                         $       26.9      $       26.5      $         20.1               1.5 %      33.8 %

                              Six months ended                                                                                                                                2024               2023
                              ($ millions)                                                                                                                                  Jun. 30            Jun. 30   Change

                              Revenues
                               Wealth Management                                                                                                                       $       (4.2)     $       (3.1)    (35.5)%
                               Asset management                                                                                                                              (51.7)             (51.2)     (1.0)
                               Dealer compensation expense                                                                                                                     (1.7)             (1.3)     30.8
                               Net asset management                                                                                                                          (53.4)             (52.5)     (1.7)
                               Net investment income and other                                                                                                                   7.9              6.2      27.4
                               Proportionate share of Lifeco’s base earnings                                                                                                  48.4              40.8       18.6
                                                                                                                                                                               (1.3)             (8.6)     84.9
                              Expenses
                               Operations and support                                                                                                                            1.2              0.6    100.0
                               Sub-advisory                                                                                                                                  (57.6)             (55.6)     (3.6)
                                                                                                                                                                             (56.4)             (55.0)     (2.5)
                              Adjusted earnings before income taxes(1)                                                                                                        55.1              46.4       18.8
                              Income taxes                                                                                                                                       1.7              1.9     (10.5)
                              Adjusted net earnings – continuing operations(1)                                                                                                53.4              44.5       20.0
                              Net earnings – discontinued operations                                                                                                                 –           (2.0)    100.0
                              Adjusted net earnings(1)                                                                                                                 $      53.4       $       42.5      25.6 %
                              (1) A non-IFRS financial measure – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures section of this document.




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.




                                                                      Management's Discussion and Analysis | IGM Financial Inc. 2024 Second Quarter Report                                                          45
                              C  42                                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
     IGM Financial Inc.
     Consolidated Financial Position
     IGM Financial’s total assets were $18.7 billion at June 30, 2024,                             discounted cash flows, and other valuation metrics, including
     unchanged from December 31, 2023.                                                             revenue multiples used in the valuation of comparable
                                                                                                   public companies.

     Other Investments                                                                             The total fair value of Corporate investments of $955 million at
     The composition of the Company’s securities holdings is                                       June 30, 2024 is presented net of certain costs incurred within
     detailed in Table 21.                                                                         the limited partnership structures holding the underlying
                                                                                                   investments.

     Fair Value Through Other
     Comprehensive Income (FVTOCI)                                                                 Fair Value Through Profit or Loss (FVTPL)

     Gains and losses on FVTOCI investments are recorded in Other                                  Securities classified as FVTPL include equity securities and
     comprehensive income.                                                                         proprietary investment funds. Gains and losses are recorded
                                                                                                   in Net investment income and other in the Consolidated
     Corporate Investments                                                                         Statements of Earnings.
     Corporate investments is primarily comprised of the Company’s                                 Certain proprietary investment funds are consolidated where
     investments in Wealthsimple, and Portage and are recorded                                     the Company has made the assessment that it controls the
     at FVTOCI.                                                                                    investment fund. The underlying securities of these funds are
     Wealthsimple Financial Corp. (Wealthsimple) is a financial                                    classified as FVTPL.
     company that provides simple digital tools for growing
     and managing your money. The Company’s investment in                                          Loans
     Wealthsimple is primarily held through a limited partnership
                                                                                                   The composition of the Company’s loans is detailed in Table 22.
     controlled by Power. The investment is classified as FVTOCI. IGM
     Financial Inc. holds directly and indirectly a 28.3% interest in                              Loans consisted of residential mortgages and represented
     Wealthsimple (December 31, 2023 – 28.7%), calculated using the                                27.9% of total assets at June 30, 2024, compared to 27.4% at
     treasury method which includes options that are in the money                                  December 31, 2023.
     and assumes option proceeds are used to repurchase shares.
                                                                                                   Loans measured at amortized cost are primarily comprised
     At June 30, 2024, the Company increased the fair value of its                                 of residential mortgages sold to securitization programs
     investment in Wealthsimple to $835 million (December 31,                                      sponsored by third parties that in turn issue securities to
     2023 – $607 million). The increase in fair value for the six                                  investors. An offsetting liability, Obligations to securitization
     month period reflects public market peer valuations, as well                                  entities, has been recorded and totalled $4.7 billion at June 30,
     as Wealthsimple’s business performance and revised revenue                                    2024, unchanged from December 31, 2023.
     expectations. Fair value is determined by using observable
     transactions in the investments’ securities where available,



     Table 21: Other Investments




                                                                                                                                                                                           PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                                                                                                                            June 30, 2024           December 31, 2023
     ($ millions)                                                                                                                    Cost        Fair Value        Cost       Fair Value

     Fair value through other comprehensive income
      Corporate investments                                                                                                  $     276.4     $      954.9     $   264.9   $      721.4
     Fair value through profit or loss
      Equity securities                                                                                                              12.9             13.3         12.8            13.1
      Proprietary investment funds                                                                                                 141.2            148.9         126.5          129.1
                                                                                                                                   154.1            162.2         139.3          142.2
                                                                                                                             $     430.5     $ 1,117.1        $   404.2   $      863.6




46 IGM Financial Inc. 2024 Second Quarter Report | Management's Discussion and Analysis
                                         P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                           C  43
                              Table 22: Loans

                              ($ millions)                                                                                                                                 June 30, 2024   December 31, 2023

                              Amortized cost                                                                                                                           $        5,208.9       $     5,109.4
                              Allowance for expected credit losses                                                                                                                 (0.6)                (0.7)
                                                                                                                                                                       $        5,208.3       $     5,108.7




                              The Company holds loans pending sale or securitization. Loans                          In the second quarter of 2024, the Company securitized loans
                              measured at FVTPL are residential mortgages held temporarily                           through its mortgage banking operations with cash proceeds
                              by the Company pending sale. Loans held for securitization are                         of $385.0 million compared to $218.7 million in 2023. Additional
                              carried at amortized cost. Total loans being held pending sale                         information related to the Company’s securitization activities,
                              or securitization are $531.0 million at June 30, 2024, compared                        including the Company’s hedges of related reinvestment and
                              to $375.5 million at December 31, 2023.                                                interest rate risk, can be found in the Financial Risk section of
                                                                                                                     this MD&A and in Note 8 to the Interim Financial Statements.
                              Residential mortgages originated by IG Wealth Management
                              are funded primarily through sales to third parties on a fully
                              serviced basis, including Canada Mortgage and Housing                                  Investment in Associates
                              Corporation (CMHC) or Canadian bank sponsored securitization                           Great-West Lifeco Inc.
                              programs. At June 30, 2024, IG Wealth Management serviced
                                                                                                                     At June 30, 2024, the Company held a 2.4% equity interest in
                              $6.6 billion of residential mortgages.
                                                                                                                     Lifeco. IGM Financial and Lifeco are controlled by Power.

                                                                                                                     The equity method is used to account for IGM Financial’s
                              Securitization Arrangements                                                            investment in Lifeco, as it exercises significant influence. Changes
                              Through the Company’s mortgage banking operations,                                     in the carrying value for the three and six months ended June 30,
                              residential mortgages are sold to securitization trusts                                2024 compared to 2023 are shown in Table 23.
                              sponsored by third parties that in turn issue securities to
                                                                                                                     On January 12, 2023, to partially fund the acquisition of an
                              investors. The Company securitizes residential mortgages
                                                                                                                     additional 13.9% interest in ChinaAMC, the Company sold
                              through the CMHC sponsored National Housing Act Mortgage-
                                                                                                                     15,200,662 common shares of Lifeco to Power for cash
                              Backed Securities (NHA MBS) and the Canada Mortgage Bond
                                                                                                                     consideration of $553 million, which reduced the Company’s
                              (CMB) Program and through Canadian bank-sponsored asset-
                                                                                                                     equity interest in Lifeco from 4.0% to 2.4%. IGM Financial’s
                              backed commercial paper (ABCP) programs. The Company
                                                                                                                     accounting gain on the sale of the Lifeco shares is $172.9 million
                              retains servicing responsibilities and certain elements
                                                                                                                     before-tax ($168.6 million after tax), consisting of $179.1 million
                              of credit risk and prepayment risk associated with the
                                                                                                                     recorded in the first quarter of 2023 and a decrease of
                              transferred assets. The Company’s credit risk on its securitized
                                                                                                                     $6.2 million that was recorded in the second quarter of 2023.
                              mortgages is partially mitigated through the use of insurance.
                              Derecognition of financial assets in accordance with IFRS is
                                                                                                                     China Asset Management Co., Ltd.
                              based on the transfer of risks and rewards of ownership. As the
                                                                                                                     The equity method is used to account for the Company’s 27.8%
                              Company has retained prepayment risk and certain elements
                                                                                                                     equity interest in ChinaAMC, as it exercises significant influence.
                              of credit risk associated with the Company’s securitization
                                                                                                                     Changes in the carrying value for the three and six months
                              transactions through the CMB and ABCP programs, they are
                                                                                                                     ended June 30, 2024 are shown in Table 23. The change in Other
                              accounted for as secured borrowings. The Company records
                                                                                                                     comprehensive income of positive $9.5 million in the three




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                              the transactions under these programs as follows: i) the
                                                                                                                     months ended June 30, 2024, was due to a 0.5% appreciation of
                              mortgages and related obligations are carried at amortized
                                                                                                                     the Chinese yuan relative to the Canadian dollar.
                              cost, with interest income and interest expense, utilizing the
                              effective interest rate method, recorded over the term of the                          ChinaAMC’s total assets under management, excluding
                              mortgages, ii) the component of swaps entered into under the                           subsidiary assets under management, were RMB¥ 2,158.5 billion
                              CMB Program whereby the Company pays coupons on Canada                                 ($406.5 billion) at June 30, 2024, representing an increase of
                              Mortgage Bonds and receives investment returns on the                                  18.4% (CAD 19.2%) from RMB¥ 1,823.6 billion ($341.0 billion)
                              reinvestment of repaid mortgage principal, are recorded at fair                        at December 31, 2023. Mutual fund net flows, which exclude
                              value, and iii) cash reserves held under the ABCP program are                          subsidiary and institutional assets under management, were
                              carried at amortized cost.                                                             RMB¥ 64.5 billion and RMB¥ 265.2 billion for the three and six




                                                                     Management's Discussion and Analysis | IGM Financial Inc. 2024 Second Quarter Report                                                       47
                              C  44                                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
     Table 23: Investment in Associates

                                                                                            Jun. 30, 2024                                                                     Jun. 30, 2023
     ($ millions)              Lifeco   ChinaAMC Rockefeller        Northleaf         Other          Total        Lifeco    ChinaAMC       Rockefeller   Northleaf       Other        Total

     Three months ended
     Carrying value,
     April 1              $   598.2     $ 1,843.0    $    859.5     $   301.0 $         37.3 $ 3,639.0 $          571.0     $ 1,894.9 $             –    $   289.6   $   39.9 $ 2,795.4
      Investment                   –             –             –              –         10.0         10.0              –            7.4        855.6             –           –      863.0
      Disposition                  –             –             –              –            –             –          (6.2)             –             –            –           –        (6.2)
      Dividends                (12.3)            –             –              –            –        (12.3)         (11.5)             –             –            –           –       (11.5)
      Proportionate
      share of:
        Earnings
        (losses) (1)(2)        23.6          28.3           (6.1)          5.3           0.4         51.5          14.5           27.7           (1.9)         3.1        (0.5)       42.9
        IFRS 17
        adjustment                 –             –             –              –            –             –          15.1              –             –            –           –        15.1
        Other
        comprehensive
        income (loss)
        and other
        adjustments             (0.1)         9.5            8.8              –            –         18.2            1.3        (136.0)         (11.8)           –           –     (146.5)
     Carrying value,
     June 30              $   609.4     $ 1,880.8    $    862.2     $   306.3 $         47.7 $ 3,706.4 $ 584.2              $ 1,794.0 $        841.9     $   292.7   $   39.4 $ 3,552.2


     Six months ended
     Carrying value,
     January 1            $   589.3     $ 1,885.3    $    844.8     $   301.8 $         38.0 $ 3,659.2 $          939.5     $    787.2 $            –    $   284.5   $   40.1 $ 2,051.3
      Investment                   –             –           0.1              –         10.0         10.1              –        1,161.5        855.6             –         0.6     2,017.7
      Disposition                  –             –             –              –            –             –       (397.7)              –             –            –           –      (397.7)
      Dividends                (24.6)       (73.0)             –          (7.9)            –       (105.5)         (23.0)        (69.2)             –            –           –       (92.2)
      Proportionate
      share of:
        Earnings
        (losses) (1)(2)        46.4          55.2         (10.5)          12.4          (0.3)       103.2           35.1          55.8           (1.9)         8.2        (1.3)       95.9
        IFRS 17
        adjustment                 –             –             –              –            –             –          15.1              –             –            –           –        15.1
        Other
        comprehensive
        income (loss)
        and other
        adjustments             (1.7)        13.3          27.8               –            –         39.4           15.2        (141.3)         (11.8)           –           –      (137.9)
     Carrying value,
     June 30              $   609.4     $ 1,880.8    $   862.2      $   306.3 $        47.7 $ 3,706.4 $ 584.2               $ 1,794.0 $        841.9     $   292.7   $   39.4 $ 3,552.2

     (1) The proportionate share of earnings from the Company’s investment in associates is recorded in the Wealth Management, Asset Management and Corporate and Other
         segment. The proportionate share of Lifeco earnings includes Lifeco other items of ($0.9) million and ($2.0) million, respectively, for the three and six month periods of
         2024 compared to ($5.9) million and ($5.7) million, respectively, in 2023. The proportionate share of Rockefeller includes Rockefeller debt refinancing of ($3.3) million for
         the three and six month periods of 2024.
     (2) The Company’s proportionate share of Northleaf’s earnings, net of Non-controlling interest, was $4.2 million and $9.9 million, respectively, for the three and six month
         periods of 2024 compared to $2.5 million and $6.6 million, respectively, in 2023.




                                                                                                                                                                                              PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
     month periods ended June 30, 2024, respectively (net flows                                      Rockefeller Capital Management
     obtained from Wind Information Co., Ltd.).                                                      The financial results of Rockefeller are accounted for using
                                                                                                     the equity method of accounting as the Company exercises
     On January 12, 2023, the Company acquired an additional 13.9%
                                                                                                     significant influence arising from board representation,
     interest in ChinaAMC for cash consideration of $1.15 billion
                                                                                                     participation in the policy making process and shared
     from Power which increased the Company’s equity interest in
                                                                                                     strategic initiatives.
     ChinaAMC from 13.9% to 27.8%.
                                                                                                     Rockefeller’s client assets were USD $140.0 billion ($191.6 billion)
                                                                                                     at June 30, 2024, representing an increase of 14.7% (CAD 18.6%)
                                                                                                     from USD $122.1 billion ($161.6 billion) at December 31, 2023.




48 IGM Financial Inc. 2024 Second Quarter Report | Management's Discussion and Analysis
                                           P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                            C  45
                              On April 3, 2023, the Company acquired a 20.5% equity interest                         influence arises from board representation, participating in
                              in Rockefeller for cash consideration of $835 million (USD                             the policy making process and shared strategic initiatives.
                              $622 million).
                                                                                                                     The Company controls the acquisition vehicle therefore it
                              Northleaf Capital Group Ltd.                                                           recognizes the full 70% economic interest in Northleaf and
                                                                                                                     recognizes Non-controlling interest (NCI) related to Lifeco’s net
                              The Company, through an acquisition vehicle held by the
                                                                                                                     interest in Northleaf of 14%.
                              Company’s subsidiary, Mackenzie, holds a 49.9% voting interest
                              and a 70% economic interest in Northleaf. The acquisition                              Northleaf’s assets under management, including invested
                              vehicle is owned 80% by Mackenzie and 20% by Lifeco.                                   capital and uninvested commitments, were $29.1 billion as
                                                                                                                     at June 30, 2024, representing an increase of $2.5 billion or
                              Mackenzie and Lifeco have an obligation and right to purchase
                                                                                                                     9.4% from $26.6 billion at December 31, 2023. The increase
                              the remaining equity and voting interest in Northleaf
                                                                                                                     during the six month period was driven by $2.5 billion in new
                              commencing in approximately five years from the acquisition
                                                                                                                     commitments and $0.7 billion related to foreign exchange
                              date and extending into future periods. The equity method
                                                                                                                     on USD denominated assets, offset in part by a decrease of
                              is used to account for the acquisition vehicle’s 70% economic
                                                                                                                     $0.7 billion related to return of capital.
                              interest as it exercises significant influence. Significant




                              Consolidated Liquidity and Capital Resources
                              Liquidity
                                                                                                                     to $358.2 million at December 31, 2023 and $239.8 million at
                              Cash and cash equivalents totalled $454.2 million at June 30,                          June 30, 2023 (Table 25).
                              2024 compared to $544.6 million at December 31, 2023 and
                              $413.2 million at June 30, 2023. Cash and cash equivalents                             Working capital, which includes unallocated capital, is utilized to:
                              related to the Company’s deposit operations were $2.0 million                          • Finance ongoing operations, including the funding of
                              at June 30, 2024, compared to $0.6 million at December 31,                               sales commissions.
                              2023 and $1.5 million at June 30, 2023, as shown in Table 24.                          • Temporarily finance mortgages in its mortgage banking
                                                                                                                       operations.
                              Client funds on deposit represents cash balances held by
                              clients within their investment accounts and with the offset                           • Pay interest related to long-term debt.
                              included in Deposit liabilities.                                                       • Maintain liquidity requirements for regulated entities.
                                                                                                                     • Pay quarterly dividends on its outstanding common shares.
                              Working capital, which consists of current assets less current
                              liabilities, totalled $365.2 million at June 30, 2024, compared                        • Finance common share repurchases and retirement of
                                                                                                                       long-term debt.




                              Table 24: Deposit Operations – Financial Position

                                                                                                                                                                       2024             2023           2023
                              ($ millions)                                                                                                                           Jun. 30          Dec. 31        Jun. 30




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                              Assets
                               Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                        $           2.0   $       0.6   $       1.5
                               Client funds on deposit                                                                                                              3,000.8           3,365.7       3,892.0
                               Accounts and other receivables                                                                                                               0.4           0.7           0.4
                               Loans                                                                                                                                        8.3           9.3           9.0
                              Total assets                                                                                                                      $ 3,011.5         $ 3,376.3     $ 3,902.9
                              Liabilities and shareholders’ equity
                               Deposit liabilities                                                                                                              $ 2,978.4         $ 3,344.2     $ 3,872.7
                               Other liabilities                                                                                                                           24.1         23.3           21.1
                               Shareholders’ equity                                                                                                                         9.0           8.8           9.1
                              Total liabilities and shareholders’ equity                                                                                        $ 3,011.5         $ 3,376.3     $ 3,902.9




                                                                     Management's Discussion and Analysis | IGM Financial Inc. 2024 Second Quarter Report                                                      49
                              C  46                                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
     • Capital investment in the business and business acquisitions.                            by $45.9 million in the second quarter of 2024 compared
                                                                                                to a decrease of $96.3 million in 2023. For the six months
     IGM Financial continues to generate significant cash flows from
                                                                                                ended June 30, 2024, cash and cash equivalents decreased by
     its operations. Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and
                                                                                                $90.4 million, compared to a decrease of $622.3 million in 2023.
     amortization before sales commissions (EBITDA before sales
                                                                                                Cash and cash equivalents from discontinued operations of
     commissions), a non-IFRS measure (see Non-IFRS Financial
                                                                                                $37.4 million have been reclassified as assets held for sale on
     Measures and Other Financial Measures), totalled $365.4 million
                                                                                                the balance sheet at June 30, 2023.
     for the second quarter of 2024 compared to $357.7 million
     for the second quarter of 2023 and $374.5 million for the first                            Adjustments to determine net cash from operating activities
     quarter of 2024. For the six months ended June 30, 2024, EBITDA                            during the three and six month periods of 2024 compared to
     before sales commissions totalled $739.9 million compared to                               2023 consist of non-cash operating activities offset by cash
     $701.8 million for the comparative period of 2023. EBITDA before                           operating activities:
     sales commissions excludes the impact of both commissions                                  • The add-back of amortization of capitalized sales commissions
     paid and commission amortization (Table 1).                                                  offset by the deduction of capitalized sales commissions paid.

     Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization                             • The add-back of amortization of capital, intangible and
     after sales commissions (EBITDA after sales commissions), a                                  other assets.
     non-IFRS measure (see Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other                                • The deduction of investment in associates’ equity earnings
     Financial Measures), totalled $333.3 million in the second quarter                           offset by dividends received.
     of 2024 compared to $331.2 million in the second quarter of                                • The add-back of pension and other post-employment benefits
     2023 and $341.3 million in the first quarter of 2024. For the six                            offset by cash contributions.
     months ended June 30, 2024, EBITDA after sales commissions                                 • Changes in operating assets and liabilities and other.
     totalled $674.6 million compared to $642.0 million for the
                                                                                                • The adjustment for other items in 2023 which included the
     comparative period of 2023. EBITDA after sales commissions
                                                                                                  gain on the partial sale of the Company’s investment in Lifeco.
     excludes the impact of commission amortization (Table 1).
                                                                                                • The add-back of a one-time adjustment in 2023 in respect of
     Refer to the Financial Risk section of this MD&A for information                             a restructuring provision and other.
     related to other sources of liquidity and to the Company’s                                 • The deduction of restructuring provision cash payments.
     exposure to and management of liquidity and funding risk.
                                                                                                Financing activities during the second quarter of 2024
                                                                                                compared to 2023 related to:
     Cash Flows
                                                                                                • An increase in obligations to securitization entities of
     Table 26 – Cash Flows is a summary of the Consolidated
                                                                                                  $387.8 million and repayments of obligations to securitization
     Statements of Cash Flows which forms part of the Interim
                                                                                                  entities of $399.5 million in 2024 compared to an increase
     Financial Statements for the three and six month periods
                                                                                                  in obligations to securitization entities of $213.2 million
     ended June 30, 2024. Cash and cash equivalents decreased




     Table 25: Working Capital

                                                                                                                                            2024          2023           2023
     ($ millions)                                                                                                                         Jun. 30       Dec. 31        Jun. 30

     Current assets
      Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                       $    454.2    $    544.6    $    413.2




                                                                                                                                                                                 PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
      Client funds on deposit                                                                                                             3,000.8       3,365.7       3,892.0
      Accounts receivable and other assets                                                                                                 453.1         431.6         468.3
      Current portion of securitized mortgages and other                                                                                  1,028.4       1,020.8       1,226.5
                                                                                                                                          4,936.5       5,362.7       6,000.0
     Current liabilities
      Accounts and other payables                                                                                                          685.5          712.9        733.4
      Deposits and certificates                                                                                                           2,977.3       3,343.1       3,871.5
      Current portion of obligations to securitization entities and other                                                                  908.5         948.5        1,155.3
                                                                                                                                          4,571.3       5,004.5       5,760.2
     Working capital                                                                                                                  $    365.2    $    358.2    $    239.8




50 IGM Financial Inc. 2024 Second Quarter Report | Management's Discussion and Analysis
                                      P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                    C  47
                              Table 26: Cash Flows

                                                                                                                   Three months ended June 30                                      Six months ended June 30
                              ($ millions)                                                                2024              2023           Change                   2024               2023        Change

                              Operating activities
                               Earnings before income taxes                                        $     280.5      $      175.0             60.3 %          $     572.6       $      622.1           (8.0)%
                               Income taxes paid                                                         (54.9)             (61.0)            10.0                (112.2)            (128.3)          12.5
                               Adjustments to determine net cash from operating activities                95.2             152.7             (37.7)                  (7.6)            (115.3)         93.4
                                                                                                         320.8            266.7               20.3                 452.8              378.5           19.6
                              Financing activities                                                      (189.5)            631.3              N/M                 (380.0)             485.6           N/M
                              Investing activities                                                      (177.2)          (994.3)              82.2                (163.2)          (1,486.4)          89.0
                              Change in cash and cash equivalents                                        (45.9)            (96.3)             52.3                 (90.4)            (622.3)          85.5
                              Cash and cash equivalents from continuing and discontinued
                              operations, beginning of period                                            500.1            546.9               (8.6)                544.6            1,072.9          (49.2)
                              Cash and cash equivalents, end of period                                   454.2            450.6                0.8                 454.2              450.6            0.8
                              Less: Cash and cash equivalents from discontinued
                              operations, end of period                                                       –             37.4           (100.0)                         –           37.4         (100.0)
                              Cash and cash equivalents, end of period – continuing
                              operations                                                           $     454.2      $      413.2               9.9 %         $     454.2       $      413.2            9.9 %




                                 and repayments of obligations to securitization entities of                         Investing activities during the second quarter of 2024
                                 $292.8 million in 2023.                                                             compared to 2023 primarily related to:
                              • The purchase of 1,039,000 common shares in 2024 under                                • The purchases of other investments totalling $38.1 million
                                IGM Financial’s normal course issuer bid at a cost of                                  and sales of other investments with proceeds of $9.7 million
                                $37.1 million. There were no purchases in 2023.                                        in 2024 compared to $15.8 million and $18.7 million,
                              • The payment of regular common share dividends which                                    respectively, in 2023.
                                 totalled $133.8 million in 2024, compared to $133.9 million                         • An increase in loans of $426.1 million with repayments
                                 in 2023.                                                                              of loans and other of $313.0 million in 2024 compared to
                              Financing activities during the six months ended June 30, 2024                           $343.3 million and $232.0 million, respectively, in 2023
                              compared to 2023 related to:                                                             primarily related to residential mortgages in the Company’s
                                                                                                                       mortgage banking operations.
                              • An increase in obligations to securitization entities
                                of $644.2 million and repayments of obligations to                                   • Net cash used in additions to intangible assets and other was
                                securitization entities of $694.4 million in 2024 compared                             $30.8 million in 2024 compared to $15.7 million in 2023.
                                to an increase in obligations to securitization entities
                                                                                                                     The second quarter of 2023 also included the investment in
                                of $409.4 million and repayments of obligations to
                                                                                                                     Rockefeller of $855.6 million.
                                 securitization entities of $509.4 million in 2023.
                              • The purchase of 1,379,000 common shares in 2024 under                                Investing activities during the six months ended June 30, 2024
                                IGM Financial’s normal course issuer bid at a cost of                                compared to 2023 related to:
                                $49.1 million. There were no purchases in 2023.                                      • The purchases of other investments totalling $61.0 million

                              • The payment of regular common share dividends which                                     and sales of other investments with proceeds of
                                totalled $267.7 million in 2024, compared to $267.6 million                             $44.3 million in 2024 compared to $37.4 million and
                                                                                                                        $40.1 million, respectively, in 2023.




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                in 2023.
                                                                                                                     • An increase in loans of $672.6 million with repayments
                              The three and six month periods of 2023 also included the                                of loans and other of $581.2 million in 2024 compared to
                              following:                                                                                $479.1 million and $503.8 million, respectively, in 2023
                              • Net proceeds on the credit facility of $550.0 million related to                        primarily related to residential mortgages in the Company’s
                                 temporary financing put in place until the sale of IPC closed.                         mortgage banking.
                              • The issuance of debentures of $300.0 million in 2023.                                • Net cash used in additions to intangible assets and other was
                                                                                                                        $46.5 million in 2024 compared to $34.4 million in 2023.




                                                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis | IGM Financial Inc. 2024 Second Quarter Report                                                         51
                              C  48                                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
     The six month period of 2023 also included the following:                                 long-term debt and common shareholders’ equity which
     • The investment in ChinaAMC of $1,161.5 million.                                         totalled $9.5 billion at June 30, 2024, compared to $9.1 billion
     • The investment in Rockefeller of $855.6 million.                                        at December 31, 2023. The Company regularly assesses
                                                                                               its capital management practices in response to changing
     • Sale of Lifeco shares with proceeds of $552.7 million.
                                                                                               economic conditions.

                                                                                               The Company’s capital is primarily utilized in its ongoing
     Accumulated Other
                                                                                               business operations to support working capital requirements,
     Comprehensive Income                                                                      long-term investments made by the Company, business
     Accumulated other comprehensive income totalled                                           expansion and other strategic objectives. Subsidiaries subject
     $597.6 million at June 30, 2024, compared to $202.4 million at                            to regulatory capital requirements include investment dealers,
     June 30, 2023, as detailed in Table 27.                                                   mutual fund dealers, exempt market dealers, portfolio
                                                                                               managers, investment fund managers and a trust company.
     Other comprehensive income for employee benefits in 2024
                                                                                               These subsidiaries are required to maintain minimum
     resulted from an increase in the discount rate by approximately
                                                                                               levels of capital based on either working capital, liquidity
     0.40% and higher investment returns from the registered
                                                                                               or shareholders’ equity. The Company’s subsidiaries have
     pension plan assets.
                                                                                               complied with all regulatory capital requirements.
     The gain related to Other investments in 2024 is primarily due
                                                                                               The total outstanding long-term debt was $2.4 billion at
     to a change in fair value of Wealthsimple of approximately
                                                                                               June 30, 2024, unchanged from December 31, 2023. Long-term
     37%. The change is consistent with the increase in public
                                                                                               debt is comprised of debentures which are senior unsecured
     market peer valuations, as well as Wealthsimple’s business
                                                                                               debt obligations of the Company subject to standard
     performance and revised revenue expectations.
                                                                                               covenants, including negative pledges, but which do not include
     Other comprehensive income for Investment in associates in 2024                           any specified financial or operational covenants.
     was primarily related to the foreign exchange translation related to
                                                                                               The Company purchased 1,379,000 common shares during
     the Company’s investment in ChinaAMC and Rockefeller.
                                                                                               the six months ended June 30, 2024 at a cost of $49.1 million
                                                                                               under its Normal Course Issuer Bid (NCIB) (refer to Note 10 to
     Capital Resources                                                                         the Interim Financial Statements). The Company commenced
                                                                                               the NCIB on December 21, 2023 to purchase for cancellation
     The Company’s capital management objective is to maximize
                                                                                               up to 3 million of its common shares. The program will be
     shareholder returns while ensuring that the Company
                                                                                               used to mitigate the dilutive effect of stock options issued
     is capitalized in a manner which appropriately supports
                                                                                               under the Company’s stock option plan and for other capital
     regulatory capital requirements, working capital needs and
                                                                                               management purposes.
     business expansion. The Company’s capital management
     practices are focused on preserving the quality of its                                    In connection with its NCIB, the Company has established an
     financial position by maintaining a solid capital base and a                              automatic securities purchase plan (ASPP) for its common
     strong balance sheet. Capital of the Company consists of                                  shares. The ASPP provides standard instructions regarding




     Table 27: Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)

                                                                                                                                                      Investment
                                                                                                                  Employee                 Other    in Associates




                                                                                                                                                                                  PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
     ($ millions)                                                                                                  Benefits          Investments       and Other         Total

     2024
     Balance, January 1                                                                                       $      (14.0)          $    394.0      $     (63.7)   $   316.3
      Other comprehensive income (loss)                                                                               43.4                192.9             45.0        281.3
     Balance, June 30                                                                                         $       29.4           $    586.9      $     (18.7)   $   597.6
     2023
     Balance, January 1                                                                                       $         4.3          $    309.7      $      48.8    $   362.8
      Other comprehensive income (loss)                                                                                (8.3)                (0.5)         (135.7)       (144.5)
      Disposal of investment in associate                                                                                 –                    –           (16.0)        (16.0)
      Transfer out of FVTOCI                                                                                              –                  0.1               –            0.1
     Balance, June 30                                                                                         $        (4.0)         $    309.3      $    (102.9)   $   202.4




52 IGM Financial Inc. 2024 Second Quarter Report | Management's Discussion and Analysis
                                     P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                      C  49
                              how IGM Financial’s common shares are to be purchased                                     Company’s capacity to meet its financial commitment on the
                              under the NCIB during certain pre-determined trading blackout                             obligation is strong, but the obligation is somewhat more
                              periods, subject to pre-established parameters. Outside of                                susceptible to the adverse effects of changes in circumstances
                              these pre-determined trading blackout periods, purchases                                  and economic conditions than obligations in higher
                              under the Company’s NCIB will be completed based upon                                     rated categories.
                              management’s discretion.
                                                                                                                        The A (High) rating assigned to IGM Financial’s senior unsecured
                              Other activities in 2024 included the declaration of common                               debentures by Morningstar DBRS is the fifth highest of the
                              share dividends of $267.0 million or $1.125 per share. Changes                            22 ratings used for long-term debt. Under the Morningstar
                              in common share capital are reflected in the Consolidated                                 DBRS long-term rating scale, debt securities rated A (High)
                              Statements of Changes in Shareholders’ Equity.                                            are of good credit quality and the capacity for the payment of
                                                                                                                        financial obligations is substantial, but of lesser credit quality
                              Standard & Poor’s (S&P) current rating on the Company’s senior
                                                                                                                        than AA. Entities in the A (High) category may be vulnerable to
                              unsecured debentures is “A” with a stable outlook. Morningstar
                                                                                                                        future events, but qualifying negative factors are considered
                              DBRS current rating on the Company’s senior unsecured
                                                                                                                        manageable.
                              debentures is “A (High)” with a stable rating trend.

                              Credit ratings are intended to provide investors with an
                              independent measure of the credit quality of the securities of
                                                                                                                        Financial Instruments
                              a company and are indicators of the likelihood of payment and                             Table 28 presents the carrying amounts and fair values of
                              the capacity of a company to meet its obligations in accordance                           financial assets and financial liabilities. The table excludes fair
                              with the terms of each obligation. Descriptions of the rating                             value information for financial assets and financial liabilities not
                              categories for each of the agencies set forth below have been                             measured at fair value if the carrying amount is a reasonable
                              obtained from the respective rating agencies’ websites.                                   approximation of fair value. These items include cash and cash
                                                                                                                        equivalents, accounts and other receivables, certain other
                              These ratings are not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold
                                                                                                                        financial assets, accounts payable and accrued liabilities, credit
                              the securities of the Company and do not address market price
                                                                                                                        facility, and certain other financial liabilities.
                              or other factors that might determine suitability of a specific
                              security for a particular investor. The ratings also may not                              Fair value is determined using the following methods and
                              reflect the potential impact of all risks on the value of securities                      assumptions:
                              and are subject to revision or withdrawal at any time by the                              • Other investments and other financial assets and financial
                              rating organization.                                                                        liabilities are valued using quoted prices from active markets,
                                                                                                                          when available. When a quoted market price is not readily
                              The A rating assigned to IGM Financial’s senior unsecured
                                                                                                                          available, valuation techniques are used that require
                              debentures by S&P is the sixth highest of the 22 ratings used
                                                                                                                          assumptions related to discount rates and the timing and
                              for long-term debt. This rating indicates S&P’s view that the




                              Table 28: Financial Instruments

                                                                                                                                                       June 30, 2024                       December 31, 2023
                              ($ millions)                                                                                      Carrying Value               Fair Value       Carrying Value        Fair Value

                              Financial assets recorded at fair value
                               Other investments
                                 – FVTOCI                                                                                          $      954.9          $      954.9          $      721.4     $      721.4




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                 – FVTPL                                                                                                  162.2                 162.2                 142.2            142.2
                               Derivative financial instruments                                                                             35.0                  35.0                 42.7              42.7
                              Financial assets recorded at amortized cost
                               Loans
                                 – Amortized cost                                                                                       5,208.3               5,168.1               5,108.7          5,070.8
                              Financial liabilities recorded at fair value
                               Derivative financial instruments                                                                             41.9                  41.9                 49.6              49.6
                              Financial liabilities recorded at amortized cost
                               Deposits and certificates                                                                                2,978.4               2,978.4              3,344.2           3,344.2
                               Obligations to securitization entities                                                                   4,651.3               4,676.5               4,687.8          4,695.7
                               Long-term debt                                                                                           2,400.0               2,401.9              2,400.0           2,453.4




                                                                        Management's Discussion and Analysis | IGM Financial Inc. 2024 Second Quarter Report                                                     53
                              C  50                                           P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
       amount of future cash flows. Wherever possible, observable                            • Deposits and certificates are valued by discounting the
       market inputs are used in the valuation techniques.                                     contractual cash flows using market interest rates currently
     • Loans classified as held for trading are valued using market                            offered for deposits with similar terms and credit risks.
       interest rates for loans with similar credit risk and maturity,                       • Long-term debt is valued using quoted prices for each
       specifically lending rates offered to retail borrowers by                               debenture available in the market.
       financial institutions.                                                               • Derivative financial instruments are valued based on quoted
     • Loans classified as amortized cost are valued by discounting                            market prices, where available, prevailing market rates for
       the expected future cash flows at prevailing market yields.                             instruments with similar characteristics and maturities, or
     • Valuation methods used for Other investments classified                                 discounted cash flow analysis.
       as FVTOCI include comparison to market transactions with                              See Note 15 of the Interim Financial Statements which provides
       arm’s length third parties, use of market multiples, and                              additional discussion on the determination of fair value of
       discounted cash flow analysis.                                                        financial instruments.
     • Obligations to securitization entities are valued by
                                                                                             Although there were changes to both the carrying values and
       discounting the expected future cash flows at prevailing
                                                                                             fair values of financial instruments, these changes did not have
       market yields for securities issued by these securitization
                                                                                             a material impact on the financial condition of the Company for
       entities having similar terms and characteristics.
                                                                                             the six months ended June 30, 2024.




                                                                                                                                                                PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.




54 IGM Financial Inc. 2024 Second Quarter Report | Management's Discussion and Analysis
                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                        C  51
                              Risk Management
                              IGM Financial is exposed to a variety of risks that are inherent in                  • The Related Party and Conduct Review Committee oversees
                              our business activities. Our ability to manage these risks is key                      conflicts of interest.
                              to our ongoing success. The Company emphasizes a strong risk
                                                                                                                   Management oversight for risk management resides with the
                              management culture and the implementation of an effective
                                                                                                                   Executive Risk Management Committee which is comprised
                              risk management approach. Our approach coordinates risk
                                                                                                                   of the Chief Executive Officers of IGM Financial, IG Wealth
                              management across the organization and its business units
                                                                                                                   Management and Mackenzie Investments, the Chief Financial
                              and seeks to ensure prudent and measured risk-taking in order
                                                                                                                   Officer, the General Counsel, the Chief Operating Officer, the
                              to achieve an appropriate balance between risk and return.
                                                                                                                   Chief Information Officer, the Chief Human Resources Officer,
                              Fundamental to our enterprise risk management program is
                                                                                                                   and the Chief Risk Officer, who reports to the Chief Executive
                              protecting and enhancing our reputation.
                                                                                                                   Officer of IGM Financial. The committee is responsible for
                                                                                                                   oversight of IGM Financial’s risk management process by:
                              Risk Management Framework                                                            i) establishing and maintaining the risk framework and policy;
                                                                                                                   ii) defining the risk appetite; iii) ensuring our risk profile and
                              The Company’s risk management approach is undertaken
                                                                                                                   processes are aligned with corporate strategy and risk appetite;
                              through our comprehensive Risk Management Framework
                                                                                                                   and iv) establishing “tone at the top” and reinforcing a strong
                              which is composed of four core elements: risk governance,
                                                                                                                   culture of risk management.
                              risk appetite, a defined risk management process, and risk
                              management culture. The Risk Management Framework is                                 The Chief Executive Officers of the operating companies have
                              approved by the Board of Directors.                                                  overall responsibility for overseeing risk management of their
                                                                                                                   respective companies.
                              Risk Governance                                                                      The Company has assigned responsibility for risk management
                              Our risk governance structure emphasizes ownership of                                using the Three Lines of Defence model, with the First Line
                              risk management in each business unit and oversight by an                            reflecting the business units having primary responsibility
                              Executive Risk Management Committee accountable to the Risk                          for risk management, supported by Second Line risk
                              Committee of the Board (Risk Committee) and ultimately to the                        management functions and a Third Line (the Internal Audit
                              Board of Directors. Additional oversight is provided by the Risk,                    function) providing assurance and validation of the design
                              Compliance and Internal Audit functions.                                             and effectiveness of the Risk Management Framework.

                              The Risk Committee provides primary oversight and carries                            First Line of Defence
                              out its risk management mandate. The Risk Committee is
                                                                                                                   The leaders of the various business units and support
                              responsible for assisting the Board in reviewing and overseeing
                                                                                                                   functions have primary ownership and accountability for the
                              the risk governance structure and risk management program of
                                                                                                                   ongoing risk management associated with their respective
                              the Company by: i) ensuring that appropriate procedures are in
                                                                                                                   activities. Responsibilities of business unit and support function
                              place to identify and manage risks and establish risk appetite,
                                                                                                                   leaders include: i) executing and maintaining procedures for
                              ii) ensuring that appropriate policies, procedures and controls
                                                                                                                   the identification, assessment, documentation and escalation
                              are implemented to manage risks, and iii) reviewing the risk
                                                                                                                   of risks, ii) implementing control activities to mitigate risks,
                              management process on a regular basis to ensure that it is
                                                                                                                   iii) identifying opportunities for risk reduction or transfer, and
                              functioning effectively.
                                                                                                                   iv) aligning business and operational strategies with the risk
                              Other specific risks are managed with the support of the                             culture and risk appetite of the organization as established by
                              following Board committees:                                                          the Executive Risk Management Committee.




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                              • The Audit Committee has specific risk oversight
                                                                                                                   Second Line of Defence
                                responsibilities in relation to financial disclosure, internal
                                controls and the control environment as well as our                                The Risk function, overseen by the Chief Risk Officer, provides
                                compliance activities, including administration of the Code                        oversight, analysis and reporting to the Executive Risk
                                of Conduct.                                                                        Management Committee on the level of risks relative to the
                                                                                                                   established risk appetite for all activities of the Company. Other
                              • The Human Resource Committee oversees human resources
                                                                                                                   responsibilities include: i) developing and maintaining the risk
                                and talent practices and policies including compensation.
                                                                                                                   management program and framework, ii) managing the risk
                              • The Governance and Nominating Committee oversees
                                                                                                                   management process, and iii) providing guidance and training
                                corporate governance practices.
                                                                                                                   to business unit and support function leaders.




                                                                Management's Discussion and Analysis | IGM Financial Inc. 2024 Second Quarter Report                                    55
                              C  52                                      P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
     The Company has a number of committees of senior business                               Risks are assessed by evaluating the impact and likelihood of
     leaders which provide oversight of specific business risks,                             the potential risk event after consideration of controls and any
     including the Financial Risk Management and Operational Risk                            risk transfer activities. The results of these assessments are
     Management committees. These committees perform critical                                considered relative to risk appetite and may result in action
     reviews of risk assessments, risk management practices and                              plans to adjust the risk profile.
     risk response plans developed by business units and support
                                                                                             Risk assessments are monitored and reviewed on an ongoing
     functions.
                                                                                             basis by business units and by oversight areas including the
     Other oversight accountabilities reside with the Company’s                              Risk function. The Risk function promotes and coordinates
     Legal and Compliance functions which are responsible for                                communication and consultation to support effective risk
     ensuring compliance with policies, laws and regulations.                                management and escalation. The Risk function regularly
                                                                                             reports on the results of risk assessments and on the
     Third Line of Defence                                                                   assessment process to the Executive Risk Management
     The Internal Audit function is the third line of defence and                            Committee and to the Risk Committee.
     provides independent assurance to senior management and
     the Board of Directors on the effectiveness of the Company’s                            Risk Management Culture
     risk management policies, processes and practices.
                                                                                             Risk management is everyone’s responsibility within the
                                                                                             organization. The Risk function engages all business units in
     Risk Appetite
                                                                                             risk workshops to foster awareness and to incorporate our
     The Company’s appetite for different types of risk is established                       risk framework into business activities.
     through the Risk Appetite Framework which is approved by
                                                                                             We have an established business planning process which
     the Board of Directors. Under the Risk Appetite Framework,
                                                                                             reinforces our risk management culture. Our compensation
     one of four appetite levels is established for each risk type and
                                                                                             programs are typically objectives-based, do not encourage or
     business activity of the Company. These appetite levels range
                                                                                             reward excessive or inappropriate risk taking, and often are
     from those where the Company has no appetite for risk and
                                                                                             aligned specifically with risk management objectives.
     seeks to minimize any losses, to those where the Company
     readily accepts exposure while seeking to ensure that risks are                         Our risk management program emphasizes integrity, ethical
     well understood and managed. These appetite levels guide                                practices, responsible management and measured risk-taking
     our business units as they engage in business activities, and                           with a long-term view. Our standards of integrity and ethics
     inform them in establishing policies, limits, controls and risk                         are reflected within our Code of Conduct which applies to
     transfer activities.                                                                    directors, officers and employees.

     The Risk Appetite Framework facilitates the alignment
     of business strategy with risk appetite, supports capital                               Key Risks of the Business
     deployment assessments, and supports the identification,
                                                                                             Significant risks that may adversely affect our ability to achieve
     mitigation, and management of risks.
                                                                                             strategic and business objectives are identified through our
                                                                                             ongoing risk management process.
     Risk Management Process
                                                                                             Risks are identified based on our established methodology,
     The Company’s risk management process is designed to foster:                            considering factors both internal and external to the
     • Ongoing assessment of risks and tolerance in a changing                               organization. These risks are broadly grouped into three
       operating environment.                                                                categories: financial, operational, and strategic and business.
     • Appropriate identification and understanding of existing and




                                                                                                                                                                   PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
       emerging risks and risk response.
                                                                                             1) Financial Risk
     • Timely monitoring and escalation of risks based upon
       changing circumstances.                                                               This is the risk of financial loss related to AUM&A, liquidity and
                                                                                             funding risk, credit risk, or market risk.
     Significant risks that may adversely affect the Company’s ability
     to achieve its strategic and business objectives are identified
                                                                                             Risks Related to AUM&A
     through the Company’s ongoing risk management process.
                                                                                             At June 30, 2024, IGM Financial’s AUM&A were $252.4 billion
     We use a consistent methodology across our organizations                                compared to $240.2 billion at December 31, 2023.
     and business units for identification and assessment of risks.




56 IGM Financial Inc. 2024 Second Quarter Report | Management's Discussion and Analysis
                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                           C  53
                              The Company’s primary sources of revenues are advisory fees                          Foreign currency denominated securities are exposed to
                              and asset management fees which are applied as an annual                             foreign exchange risk. A depreciation in foreign currency versus
                              percentage of the level of AUM&A. AUM&A levels are impacted                          the Canadian dollar will cause the Canadian value of securities
                              by both net sales and changes in the market.                                         to fall while an appreciation in foreign currency versus the
                                                                                                                   Canadian dollar will cause the Canadian value of securities to
                              Global markets by their nature are subject to uncertainty
                                                                                                                   rise, thus impacting AUM&A, revenue and earnings.
                              and a variety of risks. Movement in equity market prices,
                              foreign exchange rates, real asset values, interest rates/credit
                              spreads, or other asset values could cause the Company’s                             Liquidity and Funding Risk
                              AUM&A, revenue and earnings to decline. A general economic                           This is the risk of an inability to generate or obtain sufficient
                              downturn, market volatility, client rebalancing, poor investment                     cash in a timely and cost-effective manner to meet contractual
                              performance, or a lack of investor confidence could also lead to                     or anticipated commitments as they come due or arise.
                              lower sales, higher redemption levels and lower AUM&A.
                                                                                                                   Our liquidity profile is structured to ensure we have sufficient
                              The Company believes that exposure to investment returns on                          liquidity to satisfy current and prospective requirements
                              its client portfolios is beneficial over the long term to financial                  in both normal and stressed conditions. Our liquidity
                              results and consistent with stakeholder expectations, and                            management practices include:
                              therefore does not typically engage in risk transfer activities
                                                                                                                   • Maintaining liquid assets and lines of credit to satisfy near
                              such as hedging in relation to these exposures.
                                                                                                                     term liquidity needs.
                              The Company’s exposure to market risk aligns with the                                • Ensuring effective controls over liquidity management
                              experience of its clients. AUM are broadly diversified by asset                        processes.
                              class, geographic region, industry sector, investment team
                                                                                                                   • Performing regular cash forecasts and stress testing.
                              and style. The Company regularly reviews the sensitivity of
                                                                                                                   • Regular assessment of capital market conditions and the
                              its AUM, revenues, earnings and cash flow to changes in
                                                                                                                     Company’s ability to access bank and capital market funding.
                              financial markets.
                                                                                                                   • Ongoing efforts to diversify and expand long-term mortgage
                              Domestic and foreign equity securities are exposed to equity                           funding sources.
                              price risk which may negatively impact AUM&A, revenues and
                                                                                                                   • Oversight of liquidity and funding risks by the Financial Risk
                              earnings. Equity price risk can be classified into two categories:
                                                                                                                     Management Committee, a committee of finance and other
                              general equity risk and issuer-specific risk. The Company’s
                                                                                                                     business leaders.
                              internal and external fund managers reduce exposure to
                              issuer-specific risks through diversification.                                       A key funding requirement is the funding of advisor network
                                                                                                                   compensation paid for the distribution of financial products
                              Fixed-income securities are exposed to interest rate risk.
                                                                                                                   and services. This compensation continues to be paid from
                              An increase in interest rates causes market prices of fixed-
                                                                                                                   operating cash flows.
                              income securities to fall while a decrease in interest rates
                              causes market prices to rise, thus impacting AUM&A, revenue
                              and earnings.



                              Table 29: IGM Financial AUM – Asset and Currency Mix

                                                                                                                                                                         Investment
                              As at June 30, 2024                                                                                                                             Funds     Total




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                              Cash                                                                                                                                              0.7 %     2.1 %
                              Short-term fixed income and mortgages                                                                                                             3.5       3.6
                              Other fixed income                                                                                                                              22.1       22.1
                              Domestic equity                                                                                                                                 20.3       25.0
                              Foreign equity                                                                                                                                  51.1       45.5
                              Real Property                                                                                                                                     2.3       1.7
                                                                                                                                                                             100.0 %    100.0 %
                              CAD                                                                                                                                             48.0 %     54.7 %
                              USD                                                                                                                                             36.1       32.1
                              Other                                                                                                                                           15.9       13.2
                                                                                                                                                                             100.0 %    100.0 %




                                                                Management's Discussion and Analysis | IGM Financial Inc. 2024 Second Quarter Report                                              57
                              C  54                                      P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
     The Company also maintains sufficient liquidity to fund and                                   Schedule I Canadian chartered banks provided the Company
     temporarily hold mortgages pending sale or securitization                                     with a non-revolving term loan facility related to the proceeds
     to long-term funding sources and to manage any derivative                                     on the sale of IPC. The term loan facility was repaid prior to the
     collateral requirements. Through its mortgage banking                                         sale of IPC.
     operations, residential mortgages are sold to third parties
                                                                                                   Management believes cash flows from operations, available
     including certain mutual funds, institutional investors through
                                                                                                   cash balances and other sources of liquidity are sufficient to
     private placements, Canadian bank-sponsored securitization
                                                                                                   meet the Company’s liquidity needs. The Company continues to
     trusts, and by issuance and sale of National Housing Act
                                                                                                   have the ability to meet its operational cash flow requirements,
     Mortgage-Backed Securities (NHA MBS) including sales to
                                                                                                   its contractual obligations, and its declared dividends. The
     Canada Housing Trust under the CMB Program. The Company
                                                                                                   current practice of the Company is to declare and pay dividends
     maintains committed capacity within certain Canadian bank-
                                                                                                   to common shareholders on a quarterly basis at the discretion
     sponsored securitization trusts. Capacity for sales under
                                                                                                   of the Board of Directors. The declaration of dividends by
     the CMB Program consists of participation in new CMB
                                                                                                   the Board of Directors is dependent on a variety of factors,
     issues and reinvestment of principal repayments held in the
                                                                                                   including earnings which are significantly influenced by the
     Principal Reinvestment Accounts. The Company’s continued
                                                                                                   impact that market risk has on the Company’s fee income
     ability to fund residential mortgages through Canadian bank-
                                                                                                   and commission and certain other expenses. The Company’s
     sponsored securitization trusts and NHA MBS is dependent on
                                                                                                   liquidity position and its management of liquidity and funding
     securitization market conditions and government regulations
                                                                                                   risk have not changed materially since December 31, 2023.
     that are subject to change. A condition of the NHA MBS and CMB
     Program is that securitized loans be insured by an insurer that
     is approved by CMHC. The availability of mortgage insurance is                                Credit Risk
     dependent upon market conditions and is subject to change.                                    This is the risk of financial loss to the Company if a counterparty
                                                                                                   to a transaction fails to meet its obligations.
     The Company accesses the unsecured long-term debt markets
     for corporate purposes, and ensures a well-diversified maturity                               The Company is exposed to credit risk through its cash and
     structure to manage associated funding risks.                                                 cash equivalents, client funds on deposit, mortgage portfolio,
                                                                                                   and use of over-the-counter derivatives. The Company
     The Company’s contractual obligations are reflected in Table 30.
                                                                                                   monitors its credit risk management practices on an ongoing
     In addition to IGM Financial’s current balance of cash and cash                               basis to evaluate their effectiveness.
     equivalents, liquidity is available through the Company’s lines
     of credit. The Company’s lines of credit with various Schedule                                Cash and Cash Equivalents and Client Funds on Deposit
     I Canadian chartered banks totalled $800 million at June 30,                                  At June 30, 2024, cash and cash equivalents of $454.2 million
     2024, unchanged from December 31, 2023. The lines of credit                                   (December 31, 2023 – $544.6 million) consisted of
     at June 30, 2024 consisted of committed lines of $650 million                                 cash balances of $337.8 million (December 31, 2023 –
     and uncommitted lines of $150 million, unchanged from                                         $216.5 million) on deposit with Canadian chartered banks
     December 31, 2023. Any advances made by a bank under the                                      and cash equivalents of $116.4 million (December 31, 2023 –
     uncommitted lines of credit are at the bank’s sole discretion. As                             $328.1 million). Cash equivalents are comprised of Government
     at June 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company was not                                   of Canada treasury bills totalling $0.5 million (December 31,
     utilizing its committed lines of credit or its uncommitted lines                              2023 – $0.5 million), provincial government treasury bills
     of credit.                                                                                    and promissory notes of $18.8 million (December 31, 2023



     Table 30: Contractual Obligations




                                                                                                                                                                                     PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
     As at June 30, 2024                                                                                                  Less than                            After
     ($ millions)                                                                                       Demand               1 Year          1–5 Years       5 Years         Total

     Derivative financial instruments                                                              $            –     $          2.3     $       39.4    $       0.2   $     41.9
     Deposits and certificates(1)                                                                        2,977.0                 0.3              0.5            0.6       2,978.4
     Obligations to securitization entities                                                                     –             906.2           3,742.0            3.1       4,651.3
     Leases(2)                                                                                                  –              29.8              85.8          97.4         213.0
     Long-term debt                                                                                             –                  –            525.0        1,875.0       2,400.0
     Total contractual obligations                                                                 $     2,977.0      $       938.6      $    4,392.7    $   1,976.3   $ 10,284.6
     (1) Deposits and certificates due on demand are primarily offset by client funds held on deposit.
     (2) Includes remaining lease payments related to office space and equipment used in the normal course of business.




58 IGM Financial Inc. 2024 Second Quarter Report | Management's Discussion and Analysis
                                         P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                      C  55
                              – $36.4 million) and bankers’ acceptances of $97.1 million                              2023 – $58.0 million) and $33.5 million (December 31, 2023
                              (December 31, 2023 – $291.2 million).                                                   – $37.0 million), respectively, at June 30, 2024. Cash reserve
                                                                                                                      accounts are reflected on the balance sheet, whereas
                              The Company manages credit risk related to cash and cash
                                                                                                                      rights to future net interest income are not reflected on
                              equivalents by adhering to its Investment Policy that outlines
                                                                                                                      the balance sheet and will be recorded over the life of
                              credit risk parameters and concentration limits. The Company
                                                                                                                      the mortgages.
                              regularly reviews the credit ratings of its counterparties.
                              The maximum exposure to credit risk on these financial                               At June 30, 2024, residential mortgages recorded on balance
                              instruments is their carrying value.                                                 sheet were 52.4% insured (December 31, 2023 – 50.7%). At
                                                                                                                   June 30, 2024, impaired mortgages on these portfolios were
                              The Company’s exposure to and management of credit risk
                                                                                                                   $2.0 million, compared to $3.1 million at December 31, 2023.
                              related to cash and cash equivalents and fixed income securities
                                                                                                                   Uninsured non-performing mortgages over 90 days on these
                              have not changed materially since December 31, 2023.
                                                                                                                   portfolios were $1.9 million at June 30, 2024, compared to
                              IG Wealth Management’s client funds on deposit of $3.0 billion                       $2.8 million at December 31, 2023.
                              (December 31, 2023 – $3.4 billion) are held with Schedule I
                                                                                                                   The Company also retains certain elements of credit risk on
                              chartered banks and approximately 90% of the client deposits
                                                                                                                   mortgage loans sold to the IG Mackenzie Mortgage and Short-
                              were insured by the Canada Deposit Insurance Corporation
                                                                                                                   Term Income Fund through an agreement to repurchase
                              (CDIC) at June 30, 2024.
                                                                                                                   mortgages in certain circumstances benefiting the funds. These
                              Mortgage Portfolio                                                                   loans are not recorded on the Company’s balance sheet as
                                                                                                                   the Company has transferred substantially all of the risks and
                              At June 30, 2024, residential mortgages, recorded on the
                                                                                                                   rewards of ownership associated with these loans.
                              Company’s balance sheet, of $5.2 billion (December 31, 2023
                              – $5.1 billion) consisted of $4.7 billion sold to securitization                     The Company regularly reviews the credit quality of the
                              programs (December 31, 2023 – $4.7 billion), $531.0 million                          mortgages and the adequacy of the allowance for expected
                              held pending sale or securitization (December 31, 2023 –                             credit losses.
                              $375.5 million) and $13.2 million related to the Company’s
                                                                                                                   The Company’s allowance for expected credit losses was
                              intermediary operations (December 31, 2023 – $11.5 million).
                                                                                                                   $0.6 million at June 30, 2024, compared to $0.7 million
                              The Company manages credit risk related to residential                               at December 31, 2023, and is considered adequate by
                              mortgages through:                                                                   management to absorb all credit-related losses in the mortgage
                              • Adhering to its lending policy and underwriting standards;                         portfolios based on: i) historical credit performance experience,
                              • Its loan servicing capabilities;                                                   ii) recent trends including increasing interest rates, iii) current
                                                                                                                   portfolio credit metrics and other relevant characteristics,
                              • Use of client-insured mortgage default insurance
                                                                                                                   iv) our strong financial planning relationship with our clients,
                                and mortgage portfolio default insurance held by the
                                                                                                                   and v) stress testing of losses under adverse real estate market
                                Company; and
                                                                                                                   conditions.
                              • Its practice of originating its mortgages exclusively through
                                a network of Mortgage Advisors and IG Wealth Management                            The Company’s exposure to and management of credit risk
                                advisors as part of a client’s IG Living Plan.                                     related to mortgage portfolios have not changed materially
                                                                                                                   since December 31, 2023.
                              In certain instances, credit risk is also limited by the terms and
                              nature of securitization transactions as described below:                            Derivatives
                              • Under the NHA MBS program totalling $2.4 billion                                   The Company is exposed to credit risk through derivative
                                (December 31, 2023 – $2.4 billion), the Company is                                 contracts it utilizes to hedge interest rate risk, to facilitate




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                obligated to make timely payment of principal and coupons                          securitization transactions and to hedge market risk related
                                irrespective of whether such payments were received from                           to certain stock-based compensation arrangements. These
                                the mortgage borrower. However, as required by the NHA                             derivatives are discussed more fully under the Market Risk
                                MBS program, 100% of the loans are insured by an approved                          section of this MD&A.
                                insurer.
                                                                                                                   To the extent that the fair value of the derivatives is in a
                              • Credit risk for mortgages securitized by transfer to bank-
                                                                                                                   gain position, the Company is exposed to credit risk if its
                                sponsored securitization trusts totalling $2.3 billion
                                                                                                                   counterparties fail to fulfil their obligations under these
                                (December 31, 2023 – $2.3 billion) is limited to amounts held
                                                                                                                   arrangements.
                                in cash reserve accounts and future net interest income,
                                the fair values of which were $58.3 million (December 31,




                                                                   Management's Discussion and Analysis | IGM Financial Inc. 2024 Second Quarter Report                                  59
                              C  56                                      P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
     The Company’s derivative activities are managed in accordance                               of these swaps of negative $9.0 million at June 30, 2024
     with its Derivative Policy which includes counterparty limits and                           (December 31, 2023 – negative $4.8 million) is recorded on
     other parameters to manage counterparty risk. The aggregate                                 the balance sheet and has an outstanding notional amount
     credit risk exposure related to derivatives that are in a gain                              of $1.7 billion (December 31, 2023 – $1.6 billion).
     position of $42.9 million (December 31, 2023 – $51.2 million)                           • The Company is exposed to the impact that changes
     does not give effect to any netting agreements or collateral                              in interest rates may have on the value of mortgages
     arrangements. The exposure to credit risk, considering netting                            committed to or held pending sale or securitization to long-
     agreements and collateral arrangements and including rights                               term funding sources. The Company enters into interest
     to future net interest income, was $3.7 million at June 30,                               rate swaps to hedge the interest rate risk related to funding
     2024 (December 31, 2023 – $3.7 million). Counterparties are                               costs for mortgages held by the Company pending sale
     all Canadian Schedule I chartered banks and, as a result,                                 or securitization. Hedge accounting is applied to the cost
     management has determined that the Company’s overall                                      of funds on certain securitization activities. The effective
     credit risk related to derivatives was not significant at June 30,                        portion of fair value changes of the associated interest
     2024. Management of credit risk related to derivatives has not                            rate swaps are initially recognized in Other comprehensive
     changed materially since December 31, 2023.                                               income and subsequently recognized in Wealth Management
     Additional information related to the Company’s securitization                            revenue over the term of the related Obligations to
     activities and utilization of derivative contracts can be found                             securitization entities. The fair value of these swaps was
     in Note 8 to the Interim Financial Statements and Notes 2, 7, 8                             nil (December 31, 2023 – negative $1.1 million) on an
     and 24 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in the                             outstanding notional amount of $253.3 million at June 30,
     2023 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report.                                                      2024 (December 31, 2023 – $181.5 million).

                                                                                             As at June 30, 2024, the impact to annual net earnings of a
     Market Risk                                                                             100 basis point increase in interest rates would have been an
                                                                                             increase of approximately $0.1 million (December 31, 2023
     This is the risk of loss arising from changes in the values of the
                                                                                             – increase of $0.5 million). The Company’s exposure to and
     Company’s financial instruments due to changes in interest
                                                                                             management of interest rate risk have not changed materially
     rates, equity prices or foreign exchange rates.
                                                                                             since December 31, 2023.
     Interest Rate Risk
                                                                                             Equity Price Risk
     IGM Financial is exposed to interest rate risk on its mortgage
                                                                                             IGM Financial is exposed to equity price risk on our equity
     portfolio and on certain of the derivative financial instruments
                                                                                             investments which are classified as either FVTOCI or FVTPL,
     used in our mortgage banking operations.
                                                                                             and on our investments in associates, which are accounted
     The Company manages interest rate risk associated with its                              for using the equity method. The fair value of the other
     mortgage banking operations by entering into interest rate                              investments was $1.1 billion at June 30, 2024 (December 31,
     swaps with Canadian Schedule I chartered banks as follows:                              2023 – $0.9 billion), as shown in Table 21, and the carrying value
                                                                                             of the investment in associates was $3.7 billion at June 30, 2024
     • The Company has in certain instances funded floating rate
                                                                                             (December 31, 2023 – $3.7 billion).
       mortgages with fixed rate Canada Mortgage Bonds as part
       of the securitization transactions under the CMB Program.                             The Company sponsors a number of deferred compensation
       As part of the CMB Program, the Company is party to a                                 arrangements where payments to participants are deferred
       swap whereby it is entitled to receive investment returns                             and linked to the performance of the common shares of IGM
       on reinvested mortgage principal and is obligated to pay                              Financial Inc. The Company hedges its exposure to this risk
       Canada Mortgage Bond coupons. This swap had a fair                                    through the use of forward agreements and total return swaps.




                                                                                                                                                                      PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
       value of $7.2 million (December 31, 2023 – $7.7 million) and
       an outstanding notional amount of $0.2 billion at June 30,                            Foreign Exchange Risk
       2024 (December 31, 2023 – $0.2 billion). The Company                                  IGM Financial is exposed to foreign exchange risk on its
       enters into interest rate swaps with Canadian Schedule I                              investment in ChinaAMC and Rockefeller. Changes to the
       chartered banks to hedge the risk that the interest rates                             carrying value due to changes in foreign exchange rates are
       earned on floating rate mortgages and reinvestment returns                            recognized in Other comprehensive income. As at June 30,
       decline. The fair value of these swaps totalled negative                              2024, a 5% appreciation (depreciation) in Canadian currency
       $16.2 million (December 31, 2023 – negative $12.5 million),                           relative to foreign currencies would decrease (increase)
       on an outstanding notional amount of $1.5 billion at June 30,                         the aggregate carrying value of foreign investments by
       2024 (December 31, 2023 – $1.4 billion). The net fair value                           approximately $128.7 million ($142.2 million).




60 IGM Financial Inc. 2024 Second Quarter Report | Management's Discussion and Analysis
                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                              C  57
                              The Company’s proportionate share of ChinaAMC’s and                                 consequences including lost revenue, litigation, regulatory
                              Rockefeller’s earnings, recorded in Proportionate share                             scrutiny or reputational damage. Our enterprise-wide cyber
                              of associates’ earnings in the Consolidated Statements of                           security programs, benchmarking of capabilities to sound
                              Earnings, is also affected by changes in foreign exchange                           industry practices, and threat and vulnerability assessment and
                              rates. For the quarter ended June 30, 2024, the impact to                           response capabilities provide resiliency in addressing this risk.
                              net earnings of a 5% appreciation (depreciation) in Canadian
                              currency relative to foreign currencies would decrease                              Third Party Risk
                              (increase) the Company’s proportionate share of associates’
                                                                                                                  This is the risk that exists due to the use of external parties to
                              earnings by approximately $1.1 million ($1.2 million).
                                                                                                                  assist or wholly perform activities necessary to the operations
                                                                                                                  and strategy of the business.
                              2) Operational Risk
                                                                                                                  We regularly engage third parties to provide expertise and
                              This is the risk of financial loss, reputational damage or                          efficiencies that support our operational activities. Our
                              regulatory actions resulting from inadequate or failed internal                     exposure to third party risk could include reputational,
                              processes or systems, human interaction or external events.                         regulatory and other operational risks. Policies, standard
                              We are exposed to a broad range of operational risks, including                     operating procedures and dedicated resources, including a
                              information security and system failures, errors relating to                        supplier code of conduct and material outsourcing policy, have
                              transaction processing, financial models and valuations, failure                    been developed and implemented to specifically address third
                              of key third parties, fraud and misappropriation of assets, and                     party risk. We perform due diligence and monitoring activities
                              inadequate application of internal control processes.                               before entering into contractual relationships with third parties
                                                                                                                  and on an ongoing basis. As our reliance on third parties
                              Operational risks relating to people and processes are                              continues to grow, we continue to enhance resources and
                              mitigated through policies and process controls. Oversight of                       processes to support third party risk management.
                              risks and ongoing evaluation of the effectiveness of controls
                              is provided by the Company’s Risk, Compliance, and Internal
                                                                                                                  Model Risk
                              Audit functions.
                                                                                                                  This is the risk of financial loss or reputational harm resulting
                              The Company’s insurance governance process includes
                                                                                                                  from conclusions and decisions based on incorrect or
                              oversight by the Insurance Steering Committee and senior
                                                                                                                  misused models.
                              executives. As part of this process, the nature and extent
                              of the Company’s insurance is regularly reviewed to ensure                          We use a variety of models to assist in: the valuation of financial
                              coverage remains appropriate and complies with relevant laws,                       instruments, operational scenario testing, management of
                              regulations, and contractual agreements.                                            cash flows, capital management, and assessment of potential
                                                                                                                  acquisitions. These models incorporate internal assumptions,
                              The business unit leaders are responsible for management of
                                                                                                                  observable market inputs and available market prices. Effective
                              the day to day operational risks of their respective business
                                                                                                                  controls exist over the development, implementation and
                              units. Specific programs, policies, training, standards and
                                                                                                                  application of these models. However, changes in the internal
                              governance processes have been developed to help manage
                                                                                                                  assumptions or other factors affecting the models could have
                              operational risk.
                                                                                                                  an adverse effect on the Company’s consolidated financial
                                                                                                                  position and reputation.
                              Technology and Cyber Risk
                              This is the risk related to unplanned downtime on critical                          Legal and Regulatory Risk
                              business processes, loss of customer/business data and/or




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                                                                                                  This is the risk of not complying with laws, contractual
                              the misalignment between the technology capabilities of the
                                                                                                                  agreements or regulatory requirements. These risks relate
                              organization and its business strategy.
                                                                                                                  to regulation governing product distribution, investment
                              Technology underpins our business operations and the client,                        management, accounting, reporting and communications.
                              employee and advisor experience. As a result, we are exposed
                                                                                                                  The Company is subject to complex and changing legal, taxation
                              to cyber security risks such as identity theft, compromise of
                                                                                                                  and regulatory requirements, including the requirements of
                              technology systems and malicious software attacks. Globally,
                                                                                                                  agencies of the federal, provincial and territorial governments
                              the volume of these activities has increased and could
                                                                                                                  in Canada which regulate the Company and its activities.
                              compromise confidential information of the Company and
                                                                                                                  The Company and its subsidiaries are also subject to the
                              its clients or other stakeholders and result in other negative
                                                                                                                  requirements of a single self-regulatory organization, the




                                                               Management's Discussion and Analysis | IGM Financial Inc. 2024 Second Quarter Report                                     61
                              C  58                                     P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
     Canadian Investment Regulatory Organization (CIRO). These                              IGM Financial has established an enterprise Privacy Risk
     and other regulatory bodies regularly adopt new laws, rules,                           Management Framework to manage privacy risk. Our
     regulations and policies that apply to the Company and its                             Chief Privacy Officer (CPO) leads and oversees our privacy
     subsidiaries. These requirements include those that apply to                           program, partnering with cross-functional teams to develop
     IGM Financial as a publicly traded company and those that                              and implement enterprise-wide policies, standards and
     apply to the Company’s subsidiaries based on the nature                                controls regarding the handling and safeguarding of personal
     of their activities. They include regulations related to the                           information. Ultimately reporting to the CPO, the enterprise
     management and provision of financial products and services,                           privacy team works with front-line business units to address
     including securities, insurance and mortgages, and other                               privacy matters.
     activities carried on by the Company in the markets in which
                                                                                            Employees and advisors are required to complete mandatory
     it operates. Regulatory standards affecting the Company and
                                                                                            privacy training at onboarding, and annually thereafter. The
     the financial services industry are significant and continually
                                                                                            training includes our privacy obligations, privacy best practices,
     evolve. The Company and its subsidiaries are subject to reviews
                                                                                            and how to prevent, handle and report privacy breaches,
     as part of the normal ongoing process of oversight by the
                                                                                            complaints and access to information requests.
     various regulators.

     Failure to comply with laws, rules or regulations could lead                           Contingencies
     to regulatory sanctions and civil liability, and may have an
                                                                                            The Company is subject to legal actions arising in the normal
     adverse reputational or financial effect on the Company. The
                                                                                            course of its business. In December 2018, a proposed
     Company manages legal and regulatory risk through its efforts
                                                                                            class action was filed in the Ontario Superior Court against
     to promote a strong culture of compliance. The monitoring of
                                                                                            Mackenzie Financial Corporation (Mackenzie) which alleges
     regulatory developments and their impact on the Company is
                                                                                            that the company should not have paid mutual fund trailing
     overseen by the Regulatory Initiatives Committee chaired by
                                                                                            commissions to order execution only dealers. This action was
     the General Counsel. The Company also continues to develop
                                                                                            certified in January 2024. In August 2022, a second proposed
     and maintain compliance policies, processes and oversight,
                                                                                            class action concerning the same subject matter was filed
     including specific communications on compliance and legal
                                                                                            against Mackenzie.
     matters, training, testing, monitoring and reporting. The
     Audit Committee of the Board receives regular reporting on                             In late March 2023, the Company was notified by one of
     compliance initiatives and issues.                                                     our third-party vendors, InvestorCOM Inc., that they were
                                                                                            compromised due to a cybersecurity incident related to
     The Company promotes a strong culture of ethics and integrity
                                                                                            a technology supplier to InvestorCOM, GoAnywhere. The
     through its Code of Conduct approved by the Board of
                                                                                            Company has notified impacted clients and offered credit
     Directors, which outlines standards of conduct that apply to
                                                                                            monitoring at no cost to all clients. Four proposed class actions
     all IGM Financial directors, officers and employees. The Code
                                                                                            have been filed against Mackenzie concerning this incident.
     of Conduct references many policies relating to the conduct
     of directors, officers and employees. Other corporate policies                         Although it is difficult to predict the outcome of any such legal
     cover anti-money laundering and privacy. Training is provided                          actions, based on current knowledge, management does not
     on these policies on an annual basis. Individuals subject to                           expect the outcome of any of these matters, individually or in
     the Code of Conduct attest annually that they understand the                           aggregate, to have a material adverse effect on the Company’s
     requirements and have complied with its provisions.                                    consolidated financial position.


     Privacy Risk                                                                           People Risk
     Privacy risk is the potential for access to, collection, use,                          This risk refers to the potential inability to: attract or retain




                                                                                                                                                                 PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
     transfer, disclosure and retention of personal information in                          employees or Wealth Management advisors; have a diverse,
     contravention of applicable laws, regulations and/or ethical                           equitable and inclusive workforce; provide development
     standards. We collect only the personal information that is                            opportunities to achieve current and future business
     necessary to provide our products and services to clients,                             objectives; support employee wellbeing and engagement;
     and where we have consent to do so.                                                    and sustain ongoing personnel or business succession and/or
                                                                                            transition plans.
     If we need to share personal information with third parties, we
     remain responsible for that information and protect it through                         We manage this risk through competitive compensation and
     contractual and other measures that commit the service                                 benefit offerings, training and development programs, and
     providers to maintain levels of protection comparable to ours.                         periodic employee and advisor surveys.




62 IGM Financial Inc. 2024 Second Quarter Report | Management's Discussion and Analysis
                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                          C  59
                              We have a Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Strategy with the                        General Business Conditions
                              purpose of driving an inclusive, equitable and consistent
                                                                                                                 This risk refers to the potential for unfavourable impacts on
                              experience for employees, Wealth Management advisors,
                                                                                                                 IGM Financial resulting from competitive or other external
                              and clients that supports our business objectives now and
                                                                                                                 factors relating to the marketplace.
                              into the future. To achieve the desired outcomes, we focus on
                              three pillars of action: raising awareness; improving inclusive                    Global economic conditions, changes in equity markets,
                              leadership behaviours; and building external partnerships and                      inflation and demographics can affect investor confidence,
                              community engagement.                                                              income levels and savings. In addition, geopolitical risk,
                                                                                                                 government instability and other factors can influence
                              We also have a Wellness Strategy to support our employees’
                                                                                                                 inflation, interest rates, global economic growth, and business
                              wellbeing with a goal to ensure our employees are physically
                                                                                                                 conditions in markets in which the Company operates. These
                              thriving, emotionally balanced, socially connected and
                                                                                                                 environments could result in reduced sales of IGM Financial’s
                              financially secure.
                                                                                                                 products and services and/or result in investors redeeming
                                                                                                                 their investments. These factors may also affect the level and
                              Business Continuity Management                                                     volatility of financial markets and the value of the Company’s
                              This is the risk that the organization cannot effectively                          AUM, as described more fully under the Risks Related to
                              recover and maintain critical business processes in the event                      AUM&A section of this MD&A.
                              of a disruption (internal, third-party, physical or natural
                                                                                                                 To manage this risk, the Company, across its operating
                              circumstances) or respond to a crisis or emergency event.
                                                                                                                 subsidiaries, communicates with clients and underscores
                              A business continuity management program ensures the                               the importance of financial planning across economic cycles.
                              Company’s critical processes function in the event of a                            The Company and the industry continue to take steps to
                              business disruption.                                                               educate Canadian investors on the merits of financial planning,
                                                                                                                 diversification and long-term investing. In periods of volatility,
                              The Company’s crisis response plan outlines policies and
                                                                                                                 Wealth Management advisors and independent financial
                              procedures to address situations that could significantly impact
                                                                                                                 advisors play a key role in assisting investors in maintaining
                              the organization’s reputation, brands or business operations.
                                                                                                                 perspective and focus on their long-term objectives.
                              A crisis assessment team comprised of senior leadership is
                              responsible for setting strategy, overseeing response and                          Redemption rates for long-term funds are summarized in
                              ensuring appropriate subject matter experts are engaged in                         Table 31 and are discussed in the Wealth Management and
                              scenario-dependent crisis response teams.                                          the Asset Management Segment Operating Results sections
                                                                                                                 of this MD&A.
                              On a regular basis, the Company tests business continuity
                              and disaster recovery plans as well as conducting crisis
                              simulation exercises.
                                                                                                                 Strategy Setting
                                                                                                                 This is the risk of failing to set or meet appropriate strategic
                                                                                                                 objectives resulting in an impact on business performance.
                              3) Strategic and Business Risk
                                                                                                                 IGM Financial believes in the importance of good corporate
                              This is the risk of potential adverse impacts resulting from
                                                                                                                 governance and the central role played by directors in
                              factors in the external environment or related to the strategy
                                                                                                                 the governance process. We believe that sound corporate
                              or specific business activities of the Company.
                                                                                                                 governance is essential to the well-being of the Company and
                                                                                                                 our shareholders.




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                              Table 31: Twelve Month Trailing Redemption Rate for Long-term Funds

                                                                                                                                                                         2024       2023
                                                                                                                                                                       Jun. 30    Jun. 30

                              IGM Financial Inc.
                               IG Wealth Management                                                                                                                      13.9 %     11.1 %
                               Mackenzie                                                                                                                                 19.1 %     16.2 %




                                                              Management's Discussion and Analysis | IGM Financial Inc. 2024 Second Quarter Report                                           63
                              C  60                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
     Oversight of IGM Financial is performed by the Board of                                  review their respective product and service offering and
     Directors directly and through its five committees. The                                  pricing to ensure competitiveness in the marketplace.
     Company’s President and Chief Executive Officer has overall
                                                                                              We strive to deliver strong investment performance on our
     responsibility for management of the Company. The Company’s
                                                                                              products relative to benchmarks and peers. Poor investment
     activities are carried out principally by two operating
                                                                                              performance relative to benchmarks or peers could reduce
     companies – Investors Group Inc. and Mackenzie Financial
                                                                                              the level of AUM and sales and asset retention, as well as
     Corporation – each of which are managed by a President and
                                                                                              adversely impact our brands and reputation. Meaningful and/
     Chief Executive Officer. The Company also has a strategy
                                                                                              or sustained underperformance could affect the Company’s
     execution oversight function and committee that reviews
                                                                                              results. Our objective is to cultivate investment processes and
     and approves strategic initiative business cases and oversees
                                                                                              disciplines that give us a competitive advantage, and we do this
     progress against our strategic priorities and objectives.
                                                                                              by diversifying our AUM and product shelf by investment team,
     The President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company,                                brand, asset class, mandate, style and geographic region.
     in collaboration with the Board of Directors, is responsible
     each year to develop, review and update the Company’s                                    Business / Client Relationships
     strategic plan. The strategic plan sets out both the annual and                          This risk refers to the potential for unfavourable impacts on
     longer-term objectives for the Company in light of emerging                              IGM Financial resulting from changes to key business or client
     opportunities and risks and with a view to the Company’s                                 relationships. These relationships primarily include IG Wealth
     sustained profitable growth and long-term value creation.                                Management clients and advisors, Mackenzie retail distribution,
     The Board is responsible for approving the Company’s overall                             strategic and significant business partners, clients of Mackenzie
     business strategy. In carrying out this responsibility, the Board                        funds, and sub-advisors and other product suppliers.
     reviews the short-, medium- and long-term risks associated
                                                                                              IG Wealth Management derives all of its investment fund
     with the strategic plan, considers the strengths and potential
                                                                                              sales, insurance sales, and mortgage and banking sales
     weaknesses of trends and opportunities, and approves the
                                                                                              through its advisor network. IG Wealth Management advisors
     Company’s annual business, financial and capital management
                                                                                              have regular direct contact with clients which can lead to a
     plans. A portion of each Board meeting is dedicated to
                                                                                              strong and personal client relationship based on the client’s
     discussion of strategic matters including receiving updates on
                                                                                              confidence in that individual advisor. The market for advisors is
     the progress and implementation of the strategic plan.
                                                                                              extremely competitive. The loss of a significant number of key
                                                                                              advisors could lead to the loss of client accounts which could
     Competitive Risk                                                                         have an adverse effect on IG Wealth Management’s results
     Product / Service Offering                                                               of operations and business prospects, as well as our culture
     This risk refers to the potential for unfavourable impacts on                            and ability to attract key advisors. IG Wealth Management is
     IGM Financial resulting from inadequate product or service                               focused on strengthening its distribution network of advisors
     performance, quality or breadth.                                                         and on responding to the complex financial needs of its clients
                                                                                              by delivering a diverse range of products and services in the
     IGM Financial and its subsidiaries operate in a highly                                   context of personalized financial advice.
     competitive environment, competing with other financial
     service providers, investment managers and product and                                   Mackenzie derives the majority of its mutual fund sales through
     service types. Client development and retention can be                                   third party financial advisors. Financial advisors generally
     influenced by a number of factors, including investment                                  offer their clients investment products in addition to, and in
     performance, products and services offered by competitors,                               competition with Mackenzie. Mackenzie also derives sales
     relative service levels, relative pricing, product attributes,                           of its investment products and services from its strategic
     reputation and actions taken by competitors. This competition                            alliance and institutional clients. Due to the nature of the




                                                                                                                                                                  PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
     could have an adverse impact upon the Company’s financial                                distribution relationship in these relationships and the relative
     position and operating results. Please refer to The Competitive                          size of these accounts, gross sale and redemption activity
     Landscape section of this MD&A for further discussion.                                   can be more pronounced in these accounts than in a retail
                                                                                              relationship. Mackenzie’s ability to market its investment
     We provide Wealth Management advisors, independent                                       products is highly dependent on continued access to these
     financial advisors, as well as retail and institutional clients                          distribution networks. Lack of access could have a material
     with a high level of service and support and a broad range                               adverse effect on Mackenzie’s operating results and business
     of investment products, with a focus on building enduring                                prospects. Mackenzie is well positioned to manage this risk and
     relationships. The Company’s subsidiaries also continually                               to continue to build and enhance its distribution relationships.
                                                                                              Mackenzie’s diverse portfolio of financial products and its long-




64 IGM Financial Inc. 2024 Second Quarter Report | Management's Discussion and Analysis
                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                         C  61
                              term investment performance record, marketing, educational                             Catastrophic events can cause economic uncertainty,
                              and service support has made Mackenzie one of Canada’s                                 affect investor confidence, income levels and financial
                              leading investment management companies. These factors                                 planning decisions. This could affect the level and volatility
                              are discussed further in the Asset Management Review of the                            of financial markets and the level of the Company’s AUM&A.
                              Business section of this MD&A.                                                         The Company has an insurance review process where it
                                                                                                                     assesses and determines the nature and extent of insurance
                              Regulatory Development Risk                                                            that is appropriate to provide adequate protection against
                                                                                                                     unexpected losses, and where it is required by law, regulators
                              This is the potential for changes to regulatory, legal, or tax
                                                                                                                     or contractual agreements.
                              requirements that may have an adverse impact on the
                              Company’s business activities or financial results.
                                                                                                                     Environmental and Social Risk
                              We are exposed to the risk of changes in laws, taxation and                            (Including Climate Change)
                              regulation that could have an adverse impact on the Company,
                                                                                                                     This is the potential for financial loss or other unfavourable
                              including changes in foreign jurisdictions in which the Company
                                                                                                                     impacts resulting from the Company’s inability to manage
                              or companies it invests in have operations. Particular regulatory
                                                                                                                     or respond to changing environmental or social (E&S) issues
                              initiatives may have the effect of making the products of the
                                                                                                                     connected to our business operations, investment activities,
                              Company’s subsidiaries appear to be less competitive than the
                                                                                                                     meeting our sustainability commitments, and increasingly for
                              products of other financial service providers, to third party
                                                                                                                     regulatory compliance. We recognize that E&S risks can be
                              distribution channels and to clients. Regulatory differences
                                                                                                                     within our operations or impact stakeholders along our supply
                              that may impact the competitiveness of the Company’s
                                                                                                                     chain, including clients, investee companies and suppliers.
                              products include regulatory costs, tax treatment, disclosure
                              requirements, transaction processes or other differences                               On March 13, 2024, the Canadian Sustainability Standards
                              that may be as a result of differing regulation or application of                      Board (CSSB) released its first two proposed Canadian
                              regulation. Regulatory developments may also impact product                            sustainability disclosure standards: Canadian Sustainability
                              structures, pricing, and dealer and advisor compensation.                              Disclosure Standard (CSDS) 1 – General Requirements for
                              While the Company and its subsidiaries actively monitor such                           Disclosure of Sustainability-related Financial Information and CSDS
                              initiatives, and where feasible comment upon or discuss them                           2 – Climate-related Disclosures. CSDS 1 sets out the general
                              with regulators, the ability of the Company and its subsidiaries                       requirements for disclosing material information about
                              to mitigate the imposition of differential regulatory treatment of                     sustainability-related risks and opportunities to meet investor
                              financial products or services is limited.                                             information needs, and CSDS 2 sets out specific disclosure
                                                                                                                     requirements for climate-related risks and opportunities and is
                              The Company continuously monitors regulatory developments,
                                                                                                                     designed to be used with CSDS 1. The proposed standards are
                              guidance and communications.
                                                                                                                     aligned with the previously issued International Sustainability
                                                                                                                     Standards Board (ISSB) standards with the exception of
                              Acquisition Risk                                                                       a Canadian-specific effective date of January 1, 2025 and
                              This risk refers to the potential that desired objectives are                          transition relief. The proposed standards are voluntary until
                              not attained from the Company’s acquisitions and strategic                             required by the Canadian Securities Administrators. The
                              investments. The Company undertakes thorough due diligence                             Company will continue to monitor any updates and future
                              prior to completing an acquisition, but there is no assurance                          developments.
                              that the Company will achieve the expected strategic objectives
                                                                                                                     Environmental risks include issues such as climate change,
                              or cost and revenue synergies subsequent to an acquisition.
                                                                                                                     biodiversity and land use, pollution, waste, and the
                              Subsequent changes in the economic environment and other
                                                                                                                     unsustainable use of energy, water and other resources. Social




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                              unanticipated factors may affect the Company’s ability to
                                                                                                                     risks include issues such as human rights; labour standards;
                              achieve expected earnings growth or expense reductions.
                                                                                                                     diversity, equity and inclusion; Indigenous reconciliation; and
                              The success of an acquisition and of the Company’s strategic
                                                                                                                     community impacts.
                              investments is dependent on retaining AUM, clients, and key
                              employees of an acquired company.                                                      The Company’s Executive Risk Management Committee is
                                                                                                                     responsible for oversight of the risk management process,
                                                                                                                     including E&S and climate change risks. The Executive
                              Natural or Human Caused Disasters
                                                                                                                     Sustainability Committee is responsible for ensuring central
                              This is the risk that events such as earthquakes, floods, fire,                        management governance for sustainability across IGM,
                              tornadoes, pandemics, or terrorism could adversely affect the
                              Company’s financial performance.




                                                                Management's Discussion and Analysis | IGM Financial Inc. 2024 Second Quarter Report                                       65
                              C  62                                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
     including policy and strategy, goals and targets, measuring                            Through its Risk Committee, the Board is responsible for
     progress, and reviewing public reports and disclosures.                                ensuring that material ESG and climate-related risks are
                                                                                            appropriately identified, managed and monitored. Its
     Our commitment to responsible management is demonstrated
                                                                                            responsibilities include ensuring that appropriate procedures
     through various mechanisms. These include our Code
                                                                                            are in place to identify and manage risks and establish risk
     of Conduct for directors, officers and employees; our
                                                                                            tolerances; ensuring that appropriate policies, procedures and
     Supplier Code of Conduct; our Workplace Harassment and
                                                                                            controls are implemented to manage risks; and reviewing the
     Discrimination Prevention Policy; our Diversity Policy; our
                                                                                            risk management process on a regular basis to confirm that it
     Environmental Policy; and other related policies.
                                                                                            is functioning effectively.
     IG Wealth Management and Mackenzie Investments, and their
                                                                                            Senior management at each of our operating companies
     investment sub-advisors, are signatories to the Principles for
                                                                                            have primary ownership and accountability for the ongoing
     Responsible Investment (PRI). Under the PRI, investors formally
                                                                                            climate risk and opportunity management associated with
     commit to incorporate environmental, social and governance
                                                                                            their respective activities. Our Executive Risk Management
     (ESG) issues into their investment decision making and active
                                                                                            and Executive Sustainability Committees perform oversight
     ownership processes. In addition, our operating companies
                                                                                            functions, and our Chief Risk Officer oversees implementation
     have implemented Sustainable Investment Policies outlining the
                                                                                            of the Corporate Sustainability and Risk Management programs,
     practices at each company.
                                                                                            reporting into the President and Chief Executive Officer.
     IGM Financial reports annually on sustainability management
                                                                                            Other management committees and working groups also
     and performance in its Sustainability Report available on
                                                                                            oversee climate-related governance across the Company.
     our website.

     IGM Financial is a long-standing participant in the CDP (formerly                      Strategy
     Carbon Disclosure Project), which promotes corporate                                   Through IGM Financial’s wealth and asset management
     disclosures on greenhouse gas emissions and climate change                             businesses, the company plays a role in the global transition
     management including setting and monitoring emission                                   to a low-carbon economy, with a focus on three key areas:
     reduction targets.
                                                                                            1. Investing in a greener, climate resilient economy – Our
     Global practices are continually evolving relating to the                                 investment processes and products give us the opportunity
     identification, analysis, and management of climate risks and                             to manage climate risks and create innovative solutions to
     opportunities. The Financial Stability Board’s Task Force on                               our ongoing climate issues.
     Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) was established
                                                                                            2. Collaborating and engaging to help shape the global transition –
     in response to investor demand for enhanced information on
                                                                                               We play a role in bringing climate-smart investment advice
     climate-related risks and opportunities. IGM Financial and its
                                                                                               and solutions to clients, helping companies adapt, and
     operating companies support the TCFD recommendations
                                                                                               participating in industry and policy advancements.
     which include a framework for consistent, voluntary climate-
     related financial disclosures that provide decision-useful                             3. Demonstrating alignment through our corporate actions – We
     information to investors, analysts, rating agencies and other                             will hold ourselves to a similar standard that we expect from
     stakeholders. Various global regulators and standard setting                              the companies we invest in and empower our employees to
     bodies, including the International Sustainability Standards                              stand behind our commitments.
     Board, are publishing guidelines and standards aligned with the
                                                                                            Our operating companies are active participants in
     TCFD recommendations.
                                                                                            collaborative industry groups that support our climate
                                                                                            commitments by engaging companies on improving climate
     TCFD Disclosure




                                                                                                                                                                   PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                                                                            change governance, reducing emissions and strengthening
     The TCFD recommends that organizations disclose information
                                                                                            climate-related financial disclosures. IGM Financial also
     about climate-related risks and opportunities in four
                                                                                            joined the Partnership for Carbon Accounting Financials
     areas: governance, strategy, risk management, and metrics
                                                                                            (PCAF) to support our journey to measure and disclose the
     and targets.
                                                                                            greenhouse gas emissions associated with our mortgage loans
     Governance                                                                             and investments.

     Our Board is responsible for providing oversight on risk and                           Climate-related risks and opportunities are identified and
     strategy, which includes sustainability and climate-related                            assessed within IGM Financial through our business planning
     matters. The Board meets with management at least annually                             processes which define our strategic priorities, initiatives and
     to discuss plans and emerging ESG issues, including climate.                           budgets. Our climate-related risks and opportunities can be




66 IGM Financial Inc. 2024 Second Quarter Report | Management's Discussion and Analysis
                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                            C  63
                              grouped into the physical impacts of climate change and the                          focus to ESG and climate within asset management. Mackenzie
                              impacts related to the transition to a low-carbon economy.                           has expanded its suite of funds investing to directly support
                                                                                                                   the transition to a low-carbon economy through its acquisition
                              Risks                                                                                of Greenchip, an investment boutique which is exclusively
                              Our climate risks relate primarily to the potential for physical                     focused on thematic investing to combat climate change;
                              or transition risks to: negatively affect the performance of                         the launch of the Betterworld team in 2021, that invests in
                              our clients’ investments, resulting in reduced fee revenue;                          companies making a positive impact on the people and the
                              harm our reputation; create market risks through shifts in                           planet, and funds prioritizing sustainability and ESG-labelled
                              product demand; or lead to new regulatory, legal or disclosure                       debt, including green bonds.
                              requirements that could affect our business. Diversification
                                                                                                                   IG Wealth Management has integrated environmental and
                              within and across our investment portfolios aids in managing
                                                                                                                   climate issues into its sub-advisory selection and oversight
                              exposure to any one company, sector or geographic region that
                                                                                                                   processes, and product development strategy. In 2021,
                              might be exposed to climate-related risks. We are also exposed
                                                                                                                   IG Wealth Management launched its Climate Action Portfolios,
                              to the impact of extreme weather events on our corporate
                                                                                                                   a suite of four diversified managed solutions which aim to
                              properties which could lead to business disruption, and on
                                                                                                                   provide clients with the opportunity to support and benefit
                              the valuations of investment properties and client mortgages,
                                                                                                                   from the global transition to net zero emissions.
                              which if not addressed proactively, could affect financial
                              performance and the ability to use the assets long-term.
                                                                                                                   Scenarios
                              Our operating companies are committed to sustainable                                 We have implemented tools for our investment funds to
                              investing programs and policies that include a focus on                              enhance our quantitative assessment of climate risks by
                              climate risk.                                                                        analyzing emissions and other climate-related information at
                                                                                                                   the investee company, asset class and portfolio levels. This
                              We provide data and tools for our investment teams to carry
                                                                                                                   system enables us to model potential transition pathways and
                              out current and forward-looking climate analysis and we
                                                                                                                   track our portfolios against the goal of limiting global warming
                              integrate material climate risks into our investment and oversight
                                                                                                                   to 2°C above pre-industrial levels and examine the adequacy
                              processes for investment management sub-advisors. As part
                                                                                                                   of emissions reductions over time in meeting the goals of the
                              of the hiring process and ongoing assessment of sub-advisors,
                                                                                                                   Paris Agreement. We are exploring scenario analysis tools with
                              our teams request information about how ESG, including
                                                                                                                   external data providers to support us in our efforts to run
                              climate risks and opportunities, is resourced, what processes
                                                                                                                   climate-related scenario analysis across our business.
                              and tools are used, metrics and targets, and how strategy and
                              governance are influenced. As we continue to implement the                           Risk Management
                              TCFD recommendations, we are devoting increased resources to
                                                                                                                   The identification and assessment of risks, including climate
                              areas such as training, analysis, metrics, target-setting, strategy
                                                                                                                   change, is coordinated through the Risk function who provide
                              planning and working with collaborative organizations.
                                                                                                                   oversight, analysis and reporting on the level of risks relative to
                              IG Wealth Management and Mackenzie, and their investment                             the established risk appetite of the Company. The Risk function
                              sub-advisors, are signatories to the PRI. Under the PRI, investors                   identifies possible risks that could impact our business through
                              formally commit to incorporate ESG issues, including climate                         methods such as: (i) risk workshops with business units across
                              change, into their investment decision making and active                             the organization, (ii) risk surveys completed by senior leaders
                              ownership processes. In addition, IG Wealth Management and                           and business unit management, (iii) discussions with key
                              Mackenzie have implemented sustainable investing policies                            stakeholders and business partners, and (iv) by conducting
                              outlining the practices at their respective companies.                               research on emerging risks and internal and external events
                                                                                                                   impacting our business. We use a consistent methodology




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                              Opportunities                                                                        across our organizations and business units for identification
                              We are focused on meeting growing demand for sustainable                             and assessment of risks, considering factors both internal and
                              investing and the opportunity to invest in the transition to                         external to the organization. Risks are broadly grouped into
                              a net-zero economy. We are also increasing our focus on                              three categories: financial, operational, and strategic/business
                              educating and communicating with clients and advisors on                             risks. Climate risk is captured under strategic risks, but we are
                              sustainable investing and climate change.                                            also increasingly focused on defining the relationship of climate
                                                                                                                   risk to other risks.
                              At Mackenzie Investments, sustainable investing is an area of
                              strategic emphasis, and we have established a dedicated team                         Once identified, possible risks are assessed by taking into
                              within Mackenzie’s Sustainability Centre of Excellence who bring                     consideration both the likelihood and severity of the impact




                                                                Management's Discussion and Analysis | IGM Financial Inc. 2024 Second Quarter Report                                     67
                              C  64                                      P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
     of the risk event using a standard set of assessment criteria                           managers and companies/issuers; through Mackenzie firm-
     including consideration of financial, reputational, operational,                        wide engagements; and through collaborations with peers
     and regulatory/compliance impact. Based on the assessment,                              on initiatives where the collective investor voice has more
     the Risk function will consider our risk appetite and work with                         influence. At IG Wealth Management, investment management
     the business to put in place measures to mitigate, transfer, or                         sub-advisors including Mackenzie are responsible for
     accept the risk or capitalize on opportunities.                                         engagement activities and IG Wealth Management monitors
                                                                                             their practices as part of regular due diligence and oversight.
     Risk assessments are monitored and reviewed on an ongoing
     basis by business units and by oversight areas including the                            Mackenzie Investments is a founding participant in Climate
     Risk function. The Risk function promotes and coordinates                               Engagement Canada and participates in CERES’ Investor Network
     communication and consultation to support effective risk                                on Climate Risk. Both Mackenzie and IG Wealth Management
     management and escalation. It regularly reports on the results                          joined Climate Action 100+ and became founding signatories to
     of risk assessments and on the assessment process to the                                the Canadian Investor Statement on Climate Change.
     Executive Risk Management Committee and to the Board
     Risk Committee.                                                                         Metrics and Targets
                                                                                             We set, monitor and report on climate change-related metrics
     At Mackenzie Investments, each boutique investment team is
                                                                                             and targets annually in our CDP response and our Sustainability
     responsible for determining when and how climate transition
                                                                                             Report which are available on our website. Mackenzie
     and physical risks are material, and for incorporating these
                                                                                             Investments also joined the Net Zero Asset Managers initiative.
     risks into their investment process. We have focused on
     developing resources and tools to assess climate-related                                At Mackenzie, each boutique investment team is responsible
     risks and opportunities for our Mackenzie managed equity                                for integrating ESG into its investment process, including
     portfolios. Through these tools we can assess historical                                determining appropriate GHG emissions and other metrics to
     greenhouse gas emissions data and portfolio temperature                                 assess climate-related risks and opportunities in investment
     alignment to identify the highest emitters and inform                                   strategies. The teams have access to ESG data tools and
     engagement activities with companies facing transition risks. At                        metrics to support their assessment.
     IG Wealth Management, management evaluates the sustainable
                                                                                             We currently report Scope 1, 2 and 3 GHG emissions, where
     investing practices of investment manager sub-advisors,
                                                                                             possible, including a portion of our Scope 3 investment
     including the integration of climate risks into their investment
                                                                                             emissions and weighted average carbon intensity. We are
     and active ownership practice.
                                                                                             continuing to expand and enhance our measurement and
                                                                                             reporting of emissions related to our investment portfolios as
     Engagement
                                                                                             tools and information improves.
     To maximize stewardship efforts, engagement at Mackenzie is
     undertaken through direct conversations between portfolio




     The Financial Services Environment
     Canadians held $6.2 trillion in discretionary financial assets with                     Financial advisors represent the primary distribution channel
     financial institutions at December 31, 2022 based on the most                           for IGM Financial’s products and services, and the core
     recent report from Investor Economics. The nature of holdings




                                                                                                                                                                 PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                                                                             emphasis of our business model is to support these financial
     was diverse, ranging from demand deposits held for short-term                           advisors as they work with clients to plan for and achieve their
     cash management purposes to longer-term investments held for                            financial goals. Multiple sources of emerging research show
     retirement purposes. Approximately 64% ($4.0 trillion) of these                         significantly better financial outcomes for Canadians who use
     financial assets are held within the context of a relationship with                     financial advisors compared to those who do not. We actively
     a financial advisor, and this is the primary channel serving the                        promote the value of financial advice and the importance of a
     longer-term savings needs of Canadians. Of the $2.2 trillion held                       relationship with an advisor to develop and remain focused on
     outside of a financial advisory relationship, approximately 60%                         long-term financial plans and goals.
     consisted of bank deposits.
                                                                                             Approximately 38% of Canadian discretionary financial assets
                                                                                             or $2.4 trillion resided in investment funds at December 31,




68 IGM Financial Inc. 2024 Second Quarter Report | Management's Discussion and Analysis
                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                         C  65
                              2022, making it the largest financial asset class held by                            The Competitive Landscape
                              Canadians. Other asset types include deposit products and
                                                                                                                   IG Wealth Management competes directly with other retail
                              direct securities such as stocks and bonds. Approximately 73%
                                                                                                                   financial service providers in the advice segment, including
                              of investment funds are comprised of mutual fund products,
                                                                                                                   other financial planning firms, as well as full service brokerages,
                              with other product categories including segregated funds,
                                                                                                                   banks and insurance companies. Mackenzie Investments
                              hedge funds, pooled funds, closed end funds and exchange
                                                                                                                   competes directly with other investment managers for AUM,
                              traded funds. With $179 billion in investment fund AUM at
                                                                                                                   and our products compete with stocks, bonds and other asset
                              June 30, 2024, IGM Financial is among the country’s largest
                                                                                                                   classes for a share of Canadians’ investment assets.
                              investment fund managers. We believe that investment funds
                              are likely to remain the preferred savings vehicle of Canadians.                     Competition from other financial service providers, alternative
                              They offer the benefits of diversification, professional                             product types or delivery channels, and changes in regulations
                              management, flexibility and convenience, and are available in a                      or public preferences could impact the characteristics of
                              broad range of mandates and structures to meet most investor                         our product and service offerings, including pricing, product
                              requirements and preferences.                                                        structures, dealer and advisor compensation and disclosure.
                                                                                                                   We monitor developments on an ongoing basis, and engage in
                              Traditional distinctions between bank branches, full-service
                                                                                                                   policy discussions and develop product and service responses
                              brokerages, financial planning firms and insurance agent sales
                                                                                                                   as appropriate.
                              forces have become obscured as many of these financial
                              service providers strive to offer comprehensive financial                            IGM Financial continues to focus on our commitment to provide
                              advice implemented through access to a broad product                                 quality investment advice and financial products, service
                              shelf. Accordingly, the Canadian financial services industry                         innovations, effective and responsible management of the
                              is characterized by a number of large, diversified, vertically-                      Company and long-term value for our clients and shareholders.
                              integrated participants, similar to IGM Financial, that offer both                   This includes efforts to modernize our digital platforms and
                              financial planning and investment management services.                               technology infrastructure to enhance operations, achieve
                                                                                                                   efficiencies and improve the service experience for our
                              Canadian banks distribute financial products and services
                                                                                                                   clients. We believe that IGM Financial is well-positioned
                              through their traditional bank branches, as well as through their
                                                                                                                   to meet competitive challenges and capitalize on future
                              full service and discount brokerage subsidiaries. Bank branches
                                                                                                                   growth opportunities.
                              continue to place increased emphasis on both financial
                              planning and mutual funds. In addition, each of the “big six”                        Our competitive strength includes:
                              banks has one or more mutual fund management subsidiaries.                           • Broad and diversified distribution through more
                              Collectively, mutual fund assets of the “big six” bank-owned                           than 35,000 financial advisors, with an emphasis on
                              mutual fund managers and affiliated firms represented 46% of                           comprehensive financial planning.
                              total industry long-term mutual fund assets at June 30, 2024.
                                                                                                                   • Broad product capabilities, leading brands and quality
                              The Canadian mutual fund industry continues to be very                                  sub-advisory relationships.
                              concentrated, with the 10 largest firms and their subsidiaries                       • Enduring client relationships and the long-standing heritages
                              representing 71% of industry long-term mutual fund assets and                          and cultures of its subsidiaries.
                              71% of total mutual fund AUM at June 30, 2024. We anticipate                         • Benefits of being part of the Power Corporation group
                              continuing consolidation in this segment of the industry as                            of companies.
                              smaller participants are acquired by larger organizations.

                              We believe that the financial services industry will continue to                     Broad and Diversified Distribution
                              be influenced by the following trends:
                                                                                                                   In addition to owning one of Canada’s largest financial




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                              • Shifting demographics as the number of Canadians in their                          planning organizations, IG Wealth Management, IGM Financial
                                prime savings and retirement years continues to increase.                          has, through Mackenzie, access to distribution through over
                              • Changes in investor attitudes based on economic conditions.                        30,000 independent financial advisors. Mackenzie also, in
                              • Continued importance of the role of the financial advisor.                         its growing strategic alliance business, partners with global
                              • Public policy related to retirement savings.                                       manufacturing and distribution entities to provide investment
                                                                                                                   management services.
                              • Changes in the regulatory environment.
                              • A highly competitive landscape.
                              • Advancing and changing technology.




                                                                Management's Discussion and Analysis | IGM Financial Inc. 2024 Second Quarter Report                                     69
                              C  66                                      P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
     Broad Product Capabilities                                                             Part of the Power Corporation
     Our subsidiaries continue to develop and launch innovative
                                                                                            Group of Companies
     products and strategic investment planning tools to assist                             As part of the Power Corporation group of companies,
     advisors in building optimized portfolios for clients.                                 IGM Financial benefits through expense savings from shared
                                                                                            service arrangements, as well as through access to distribution,
     Enduring Client Relationships                                                          products and capital.

     IGM Financial enjoys significant advantages as a result of the
     enduring relationships that advisors have developed with
     clients. In addition, our subsidiaries have strong heritages and
     cultures which are challenging for competitors to replicate.




     Critical Accounting Estimates and Policies
     Summary of Critical Accounting Estimates                                                   capitalization multiples to financial and operating metrics
                                                                                                based upon precedent acquisition transactions and trading
     There were no changes to the Company’s assumptions related
                                                                                                comparables. Assumptions and estimates employed include
     to critical accounting estimates from those reported at
                                                                                                future changes in assets under management resulting from
     December 31, 2023, except as follows:
                                                                                                net sales and investment returns, pricing and profit margin
     • Goodwill and intangible assets – The Company completed                                   changes, discount rates, and capitalization multiples.
       its annual impairment tests of goodwill and indefinite life
       intangible assets based on April 1, 2024 financial information
                                                                                            Changes in Accounting Policies
       and determined there was no impairment in the value of
       those assets.                                                                        IAS 12 – Income Taxes
       The Company tests the fair value of goodwill and indefinite                          The Company adopted the amendments to IFRS for IAS 12 –
       life intangible assets for impairment at least once a year and                       Income Taxes effective May 2023 and has applied the exception
       more frequently if an event or circumstance indicates the                            to recognizing and disclosing information about deferred
       asset may be impaired.                                                               tax assets and liabilities related to Pillar Two model rules
                                                                                            published by the Organization for Economic Co-operation and
       An impairment loss is recognized if the amount of the asset’s
                                                                                            Development (OECD).
       carrying amount exceeds its recoverable amount. The
       recoverable amount is the higher of an asset’s fair value less
       costs of disposal and its value in use. For the purposes of                          Future Accounting Changes
       assessing impairment, assets are grouped at the lowest levels                        The Company continuously monitors the changes proposed
       for which there are separately identifiable cash inflows (cash                       by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) and
       generating units). Finite life intangible assets are tested for                      analyzes the effect that changes in the standards may have on
       impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances                               the Company’s operations.
       indicate that the carrying amounts may not be recoverable.
                                                                                            The IASB is currently undertaking a number of projects which




                                                                                                                                                                PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
       These tests involve the use of estimates and assumptions                             will result in changes to existing IFRS standards that may affect
       appropriate in the circumstances. In assessing the                                   the Company. Updates will be provided as the projects develop.
       recoverable amounts, valuation approaches are used that
       include discounted cash flow analysis and application of




70 IGM Financial Inc. 2024 Second Quarter Report | Management's Discussion and Analysis
                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                        C  67
                              Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
                              During the second quarter of 2024, there have been no
                              changes in the Company’s internal control over financial
                              reporting that have materially affected, or are reasonably
                              likely to materially affect, the Company’s internal control
                              over financial reporting.




                              Other Information
                              Transactions with Related Parties                                                  SEDAR
                              There were no changes to the types of related party                                Additional information relating to IGM Financial, including
                              transactions from those reported at December 31, 2023.                             the Company’s most recent financial statements and Annual
                              For further information on transactions involving related                          Information Form, is available at www.sedarplus.ca.
                              parties, see Notes 3, 10 and 28 to the Company’s Consolidated
                              Financial Statements included in the 2023 IGM Financial Inc.
                              Annual Report.


                              Outstanding Share Data
                              Outstanding common shares of IGM Financial as at June 30,
                              2024 totalled 236,769,814. Outstanding stock options as at
                              June 30, 2024 totalled 10,857,856 of which 7,447,802 were
                              exercisable. As at July 31, 2024, outstanding common shares
                              totalled 236,648,326 and outstanding stock options totalled
                              10,724,544 of which 7,314,490 were exercisable.




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.




                                                               Management's Discussion and Analysis | IGM Financial Inc. 2024 Second Quarter Report                            71
                              C  68                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
     Interim Condensed Consolidated
     Financial Statements
     Consolidated Statements of Earnings
     (unaudited) (in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share amounts)



                                                                                                                   Three months ended June 30             Six months ended June 30
                                                                                                                           2024              2023             2024             2023

     Revenues
      Wealth management (Note 4)                                                                               $      590,046       $    552,482     $   1,172,611    $   1,086,593

      Asset management                                                                                                245,846            238,652          487,712          474,806
      Dealer compensation expense                                                                                     (81,072)           (79,423)        (161,164)         (158,749)
      Net asset management (Note 4)                                                                                   164,774            159,229          326,548          316,057

      Net investment income and other                                                                                    9,970             8,108           25,597           19,057
      Gain on sale of Lifeco shares (Note 9)                                                                                  –            (6,141)               –         172,977
      Proportionate share of associates’ earnings (Note 9)                                                             51,515             57,976          103,215           111,020
                                                                                                                      816,305            771,654         1,627,971        1,705,704
     Expenses (Note 5)
      Advisory and business development                                                                               278,527            254,064          544,154          499,705
      Operations and support                                                                                          205,963            298,671          409,791          500,446
      Sub-advisory                                                                                                     19,069             16,322           36,904            32,168
      Interest                                                                                                         32,228             30,120           64,478            58,175
                                                                                                                      535,787            599,177         1,055,327        1,090,494
     Earnings before income taxes                                                                                     280,518            172,477          572,644           615,210
     Income taxes                                                                                                      63,269             35,438          130,587           98,799
     Net earnings from continuing operations                                                                          217,249            137,039          442,057           516,411
     Net earnings from discontinued operations (Note 3)                                                                       –            1,789                 –            4,918
     Net earnings                                                                                                     217,249            138,828          442,057          521,329
     Non-controlling interest (Notes 3, 9)                                                                              (1,062)             (627)           (2,485)          (1,790)
     Net earnings available to common shareholders                                                             $      216,187       $    138,201     $    439,572     $    519,539
     Earnings per share (in dollars) (Note 16)
      Net earnings available to common shareholders from continuing operations
        – Basic                                                                                                $          0.91      $       0.57     $        1.85    $        2.16
        – Diluted                                                                                              $          0.91      $       0.57     $        1.85    $        2.16
      Net earnings available to common shareholders
        – Basic                                                                                                $          0.91      $       0.58     $        1.85    $        2.18
        – Diluted                                                                                              $          0.91      $       0.58     $        1.85    $        2.18

     (See accompanying notes to interim condensed consolidated financial statements)




                                                                                                                                                                                       PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.




72 IGM Financial Inc. 2024 Second Quarter Report | Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
                                         P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                       C  69
                              Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income
                              (unaudited) (in thousands of Canadian dollars)



                                                                                                                                          Three months ended June 30                 Six months ended June 30
                                                                                                                                                   2024                2023              2024           2023

                              Net earnings                                                                                            $      217,249        $     138,828        $   442,057    $    521,329

                              Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax
                               Items that will not be reclassified to Net earnings
                                 Fair value through other comprehensive income investments
                                  Other comprehensive income (loss) (Note 6), net of tax of $(13,828), $1,401, $(29,094)
                                  and $1,026                                                                                                   95,068                (2,841)         192,883            (433)
                                 Employee benefits
                                  Net actuarial gains (losses), net of tax of $(5,863), $2,725, $(15,945) and $3,080                           16,050                (7,397)          43,420          (8,360)
                                 Investment in associates – employee benefits and other
                                  Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax of nil                                                          2,968                  (928)           2,540             115

                               Items that may be reclassified subsequently to Net earnings
                                 Investment in associates and other
                                  Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax of $(1,124), $2,605, $(1,525) and $3,294                       18,866             (143,158)           42,452        (135,765)
                                                                                                                                             132,952              (154,324)          281,295        (144,443)
                              Total comprehensive income (loss)                                                                       $      350,201        $      (15,496)      $   723,352    $   376,886

                              (See accompanying notes to interim condensed consolidated financial statements)




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.




                                                 Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements | IGM Financial Inc. 2024 Second Quarter Report                                                            73
                              C  70                                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
    Consolidated Balance Sheets
    (unaudited) (in thousands of Canadian dollars)



                                                                                                                                                  June 30        December 31
                                                                                                                                                     2024              2023

    Assets
    Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                           $       454,214      $     544,633
    Other investments (Note 6)                                                                                                                1,117,065            863,598
    Client funds on deposit                                                                                                                   3,000,761           3,365,722
    Accounts and other receivables                                                                                                              342,027             335,552
    Income taxes recoverable                                                                                                                     19,680              38,292
    Loans (Note 7)                                                                                                                            5,208,251           5,108,696
    Derivative financial instruments                                                                                                             34,974              42,729
    Other assets                                                                                                                                173,111             112,474
    Investment in associates (Note 9)                                                                                                         3,706,416           3,659,174
    Capital assets                                                                                                                              302,023             306,961
    Capitalized sales commissions                                                                                                               408,486            394,736
    Deferred income taxes                                                                                                                              781            3,232
    Intangible assets                                                                                                                         1,261,681           1,250,712
    Goodwill                                                                                                                                  2,636,771           2,636,771
                                                                                                                                        $   18,666,241       $   18,663,282

    Liabilities
    Accounts payable and accrued liabilities                                                                                            $       437,717      $     444,690
    Income taxes payable                                                                                                                          1,499               9,535
    Derivative financial instruments                                                                                                             41,919              49,580
    Deposits and certificates                                                                                                                 2,978,400           3,344,190
    Other liabilities                                                                                                                           374,803             394,926
    Obligations to securitization entities (Note 8)                                                                                           4,651,287           4,687,827
    Lease obligations                                                                                                                           164,791             169,940
    Deferred income taxes                                                                                                                       490,031             442,186
    Long-term debt                                                                                                                            2,400,000           2,400,000
                                                                                                                                            11,540,447           11,942,874

    Shareholders’ Equity
    Share capital
     Common shares                                                                                                                            1,681,457           1,690,626
    Contributed surplus                                                                                                                          59,596              57,926
    Retained earnings                                                                                                                         4,726,927           4,595,620
    Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)                                                                                               597,623             316,290
    Non-controlling interest                                                                                                                     60,191              59,946
                                                                                                                                              7,125,794           6,720,408
                                                                                                                                        $   18,666,241       $   18,663,282

    These interim condensed consolidated financial statements were approved and authorized for issuance by the Board of Directors on August 7, 2024.

    (See accompanying notes to interim condensed consolidated financial statements)




                                                                                                                                                                               PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.




74 IGM Financial Inc. 2024 Second Quarter Report | Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
                                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                 C  71
                              Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders’ Equity
                              (unaudited) (in thousands of Canadian dollars)


                                                                                                                                                                  Accumulated
                                                                                                Share capital                                                            other
                                                                                                  – Common                                                      comprehensive              Non–                 Total
                                                                                                       shares        Contributed              Retained            income (loss)       controlling       shareholders’
                              Six months ended June 30                                               (Note 10)           surplus              earnings                (Note 13)         interest              equity

                              2024
                              Balance, beginning of period                                  $    1,690,626       $        57,926      $    4,595,620        $       316,290       $     59,946      $    6,720,408

                              Net earnings                                                                  –                    –           442,057                         –                 –           442,057
                              Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax                                 –                    –                    –             281,295                    –           281,295
                              Total comprehensive income (loss)                                             –                    –           442,057                281,295                    –           723,352

                              Common shares
                               Issued under stock option plan                                           623                      –                    –                      –                 –                623
                               Purchased for cancellation                                            (9,792)                     –                    –                      –                 –             (9,792)
                              Stock options
                               Current period expense                                                       –              1,700                      –                      –                 –              1,700
                               Exercised                                                                    –                 (30)                    –                      –                 –                (30)
                              Common share dividends                                                        –                    –          (266,975)                        –                 –          (266,975)
                              Non-controlling interest                                                      –                    –             (2,485)                       –             245               (2,240)
                              Transfer out of fair value through other
                              comprehensive income                                                          –                    –                 (38)                    38                  –                   –
                              Common share cancellation excess and other                                    –                    –            (41,252)                       –                 –            (41,252)
                              Balance, end of period                                        $    1,681,457       $        59,596      $    4,726,927        $       597,623       $     60,191      $    7,125,794

                              2023
                              Balance, beginning of period                                  $    1,672,799       $        54,134      $    3,973,456        $       362,766       $     66,677      $     6,129,832

                              Net earnings                                                                  –                    –           521,329                         –                 –           521,329
                              Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax                                 –                    –                    –            (144,443)                   –          (144,443)
                              Total comprehensive income (loss)                                             –                    –           521,329               (144,443)                   –           376,886

                              Common shares
                               Issued under stock option plan                                        15,423                      –                    –                      –                 –             15,423
                              Stock options
                               Current period expense                                                       –              2,207                      –                      –                 –              2,207
                               Exercised                                                                    –                (832)                    –                      –                 –               (832)
                              Common share dividends                                                        –                    –          (267,807)                        –                 –           (267,807)
                              Non-controlling interest                                                      –                    –              (1,790)                      –           (8,560)            (10,350)
                              Disposal of investment in associate (Note 9)                                  –                    –              (2,017)              (16,008)                  –            (18,025)
                              Transfer out of fair value through other
                              comprehensive income                                                          –                    –                (118)                   118                  –                   –
                              Other                                                                         –                    –             11,679                        –                 –             11,679
                              Balance, end of period                                        $    1,688,222       $       55,509       $ 4,234,732           $       202,433       $     58,117      $    6,239,013

                              (See accompanying notes to interim condensed consolidated financial statements)




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.




                                                 Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements | IGM Financial Inc. 2024 Second Quarter Report                                                                    75
                              C  72                                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
     Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
     (unaudited) (in thousands of Canadian dollars)


     Six months ended June 30                                                                                                                    2024              2023

     Operating activities
      Earnings before income taxes from continuing and discontinued operations                                                           $   572,644     $     622,082
      Income taxes paid                                                                                                                      (112,202)        (128,296)
      Adjustments to determine net cash from operating activities
        Capitalized sales commission amortization                                                                                             51,528            44,818
        Capitalized sales commissions paid                                                                                                    (65,278)          (59,824)
        Amortization of capital, intangible and other assets                                                                                  46,003            52,923
        Proportionate share of associates’ earnings, net of dividends received                                                                  2,185           (18,816)
        Pension and other post-employment benefits                                                                                              4,919              725
        Restructuring provisions and other                                                                                                          –          103,266
        Gain on sale of Lifeco shares (Note 9)                                                                                                      –         (172,977)
        Changes in operating assets and liabilities and other                                                                                 (28,091)         (39,077)
        Cash from operating activities before restructuring provision payments                                                               471,708           404,824
        Restructuring provision cash payments                                                                                                 (18,937)          (26,319)
                                                                                                                                             452,771           378,505

     Financing activities
      Net decrease in deposits and certificates                                                                                                    (5)               (5)
      Increase in obligations to securitization entities                                                                                     644,245           409,415
      Repayments of obligations to securitization entities and other                                                                         (694,419)        (509,413)
      Repayment of lease obligations                                                                                                          (13,517)          (11,413)
      Net proceeds on credit facility                                                                                                               –          550,000
      Issue of debentures                                                                                                                           –          300,000
      Issue of common shares                                                                                                                     593            14,591
      Common shares purchased for cancellation                                                                                                (49,121)                –
      Common share dividends paid                                                                                                            (267,732)        (267,585)
                                                                                                                                             (379,956)         485,590

     Investing activities
      Purchase of other investments                                                                                                           (61,028)          (37,363)
      Proceeds from the sale of other investments                                                                                             44,339            40,056
      Increase in loans                                                                                                                      (672,641)        (479,095)
      Repayment of loans and other                                                                                                           581,228           503,820
      Net additions to capital assets                                                                                                          (8,508)          (14,897)
      Net cash used in additions to intangible assets and other                                                                               (46,539)          (34,414)
      Investment in ChinaAMC (Note 9)                                                                                                               –        (1,161,506)
      Investment in Rockefeller (Note 9)                                                                                                          (85)        (855,649)
      Proceeds from sale of Lifeco shares (Note 9)                                                                                                  –          552,655
                                                                                                                                             (163,234)       (1,486,393)
     Decrease in cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                    (90,419)        (622,298)
     Cash and cash equivalents from continuing and discontinued operations, beginning of period                                              544,633         1,072,892
     Cash and cash equivalents, end of period                                                                                                454,214           450,594




                                                                                                                                                                           PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
     Less: Cash and cash equivalents from discontinued operations, end of period (Note 3)                                                           –           37,422

     Cash and cash equivalents, end of period – continuing operations                                                                    $   454,214           413,172

     Cash                                                                                                                                $   337,795     $     209,148
     Cash equivalents                                                                                                                        116,419     $     204,024
                                                                                                                                         $   454,214           413,172
     Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information related to operating activities                                                                    $
      Interest and dividends received                                                                                                    $   209,708           181,518
      Interest paid                                                                                                                      $   150,624     $     129,696

     (See accompanying notes to interim condensed consolidated financial statements)




76 IGM Financial Inc. 2024 Second Quarter Report | Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
                                         P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                           C  73
                              Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
                              June 30, 2024 (unaudited) (in thousands of Canadian dollars, except shares and per share amounts)



                              Note 1. Corporate information

                              IGM Financial Inc. (the Company) is a publicly listed company (TSX: IGM), incorporated and domiciled in Canada. The registered
                              address of the Company is 447 Portage Avenue, Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada. The Company is controlled by Power Corporation of
                              Canada (Power).

                              IGM Financial Inc. is a wealth and asset management company which serves the financial needs of Canadians through its principal
                              subsidiaries, each operating distinctly within the advice segment of the financial services market. The Company’s wholly-owned
                              principal subsidiaries are Investors Group Inc. and Mackenzie Financial Corporation (Mackenzie).



                              Note 2. Summary of material accounting policies

                              The unaudited Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements of the Company (Interim Financial Statements) have been
                              prepared in accordance with International Accounting Standard 34, Interim Financial Reporting, using the accounting policies as set out in
                              Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended December 31, 2023, except as noted below. The Interim Financial
                              Statements should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements in the 2023 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report.


                              Changes in accounting policies
                              IAS 12 – Income Taxes

                              The Company adopted the amendments to IFRS for IAS 12 – Income Taxes effective May 2023 and has applied the exception to
                              recognizing and disclosing information about deferred tax assets and liabilities related to Pillar Two model rules published by the
                              Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD).


                              Future accounting changes
                              The Company continuously monitors changes proposed by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) and analyzes the
                              effect that changes in the standards may have on the Company’s operations.



                              Note 3. Discontinued operations

                              On November 30, 2023, the Company completed the sale of 100% of Investment Planning Counsel Inc. (IPC) to The Canada Life
                              Assurance Company (Canada Life) for proceeds of $575 million plus adjustments. Canada Life is a subsidiary of the Company’s
                              affiliate, Lifeco, which is a subsidiary of Power.

                              In accordance with IFRS 5 – Non-Current Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued Operations, the operating results and cash flows of IPC
                              have been classified as discontinued operations within the Wealth Management segment.




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                              As at November 30, 2023, IPC’s total assets were $692.6 million, including $30.6 million of cash and cash equivalents, and total
                              liabilities were $345.7 million.




                              Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements | IGM Financial Inc. 2024 Second Quarter Report                             77
                              C  74                                       P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
     Net earnings from discontinued operations
                                                                                                                                                      Three months              Six months
                                                                                                                                                             ended                   ended
                                                                                                                                                      June 30, 2023          June 30, 2023

     Revenues
      Wealth management                                                                                                                           $        77,230        $      153,369
      Net asset management                                                                                                                                  4,331                  8,673
      Net investment income and other                                                                                                                         799                  1,814
                                                                                                                                                           82,360               163,856
     Expenses                                                                                                                                              79,867               156,984
     Earnings before income taxes                                                                                                                           2,493                  6,872
     Income taxes                                                                                                                                             704                  1,954
     Net earnings from discontinued operations                                                                                                              1,789                  4,918
     Non-controlling interest                                                                                                                                    –                  (150)
     Net earnings available to common shareholders from discontinued operations                                                                   $         1,789        $         4,768



     Cash flows from discontinued operations
     Included within the Company’s cash flows are the following amounts attributable to discontinued operations:

                                                                                                                                                              Six months ended June 30
                                                                                                                                                                                     2023

     Net cash (used in) provided by:
      Operating activities                                                                                                                                               $        11,606
      Financing activities                                                                                                                                                        (1,400)
      Investing activities                                                                                                                                                       (12,062)
     Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                                           $        (1,856)




     Note 4. Revenues from contracts with customers

                                                                                                                    Three months ended June 30                Six months ended June 30
                                                                                                                         2024             2023                 2024                  2023

     Advisory fees                                                                                           $      315,228       $    295,631        $    624,365       $      586,307
     Product and program fees                                                                                       240,088            220,679             472,334               437,829
                                                                                                                    555,316            516,310            1,096,699            1,024,136
     Redemption fees                                                                                                        –             326                        –               920
     Other financial planning revenues                                                                               34,730            35,846               75,912                61,537
     Wealth management                                                                                              590,046            552,482            1,172,611           1,086,593

     Asset management                                                                                               245,846            238,652             487,712              474,806
     Dealer compensation expense                                                                                    (81,072)           (79,423)           (161,164)             (158,749)
     Net asset management                                                                                           164,774            159,229             326,548              316,057
     Net revenues from contracts with customers                                                              $      754,820       $    711,711        $   1,499,159      $    1,402,650




                                                                                                                                                                                             PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
     Wealth management revenue is earned by providing financial planning, investment advisory and related financial services. Advisory
     fees, related to financial planning, are associated with assets under management and advisement. Product and program fees, related
     to investment management and administration services, are associated with assets under management. Other financial planning
     revenues include insurance, banking products and services, and mortgage lending activities.

     Asset management revenue, related to investment management advisory and administrative services, depends on the level and
     composition of assets under management.




78 IGM Financial Inc. 2024 Second Quarter Report | Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
                                       P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                               C  75
                              Note 5. Expenses

                              In the second quarter of 2023, the Company incurred restructuring and other charges of $103.3 million ($76.2 million after-tax)
                              resulting from streamlining and simplifying the business to more effectively align with business priorities. The charge includes the
                              Company’s changes to the organizational structure to advance the growing needs of the business, digital transformation by retiring
                              duplicate systems and modernizing information technology and an effort to consolidate its real estate footprint to better reflect
                              client and advisor needs.



                              Note 6. Other investments

                                                                                                                                                            June 30, 2024                    December 31, 2023
                                                                                                                                               Cost            Fair value             Cost             Fair value

                              Fair value through other comprehensive income (FVTOCI)
                               Corporate investments                                                                              $      276,428        $      954,914       $    264,915       $      721,379
                              Fair value through profit or loss (FVTPL)
                               Equity securities                                                                                           12,886                13,305            12,778               13,140
                               Proprietary investment funds                                                                              141,188               148,846            126,550              129,079
                                                                                                                                         154,074               162,151            139,328              142,219
                                                                                                                                  $      430,502        $     1,117,065      $    404,243       $      863,598


                              Wealthsimple Financial Corp. (Wealthsimple) is a financial company that provides simple digital tools for growing and managing
                              your money. The Company’s investment in Wealthsimple is primarily held through a limited partnership controlled by Power. The
                              investment is classified as FVTOCI. IGM Financial Inc. holds directly and indirectly a 28.3% interest in Wealthsimple (December 31,
                              2023 – 28.7%), calculated using the treasury method which includes options that are in the money and assumes option proceeds are
                              used to repurchase shares.

                              At June 30, 2024, the Company increased the fair value of its investment in Wealthsimple to $835 million (December 31, 2023 –
                              $607 million). The increase in fair value for the six month period reflects public market peer valuations, as well as Wealthsimple’s
                              business performance and revised revenue expectations. Fair value is determined by using observable transactions in the
                              investments’ securities where available, discounted cash flows, and other valuation metrics, including revenue multiples used in the
                              valuation of comparable public companies.



                              Note 7. Loans

                                                                                                                                                Contractual maturity
                                                                                                                                                                                   June 30          December 31
                                                                                                                       1 year                 1–5                   Over             2024                 2023
                                                                                                                       or less               years               5 years             Total                Total

                              Amortized cost
                               Residential mortgages                                                         $    1,014,086       $    4,193,034        $         1,779      $   5,208,899      $     5,109,433
                              Less: Allowance for expected credit losses                                                                                                              648                  737




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                                                                                                                                                             $   5,208,251      $     5,108,696
                              The change in the allowance for expected credit losses is as follows:
                               Balance, beginning of period                                                                                                                  $        737       $           815
                               Write-offs, net of recoveries                                                                                                                          (53)                 204
                               Change in expected credit losses                                                                                                                       (36)                 (282)
                               Balance, end of period                                                                                                                        $        648       $          737




                              Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements | IGM Financial Inc. 2024 Second Quarter Report                                                                      79
                              C  76                                          P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
     Total credit impaired loans as at June 30, 2024 were $1,997 (December 31, 2023 – $3,131).

     Total interest income on loans was $98.0 million (2023 – $79.6 million). Total interest expense on obligations to securitization
     entities, related to securitized loans, was $81.3 million (2023 – $67.4 million). Gains realized on the sale of residential mortgages
     totalled $0.5 million (2023 – losses of $1.0 million). Fair value adjustments related to mortgage banking operations totalled negative
     $5.4 million (2023 – negative $2.0 million). These amounts were included in Wealth management revenue. Wealth management
     revenue also includes other mortgage banking related items including portfolio insurance, issue costs, and other items.



     Note 8. Securitizations

     The Company securitizes residential mortgages through the Canada Mortgage and Housing Corporation (CMHC) sponsored
     National Housing Act Mortgage-Backed Securities (NHA MBS) Program and Canada Mortgage Bond (CMB) Program and through
     Canadian bank-sponsored asset-backed commercial paper (ABCP) programs. These transactions do not meet the requirements
     for derecognition as the Company retains prepayment risk and certain elements of credit risk. Accordingly, the Company has
     retained these mortgages on its balance sheets and has recorded offsetting liabilities for the net proceeds received as Obligations
     to securitization entities which are recorded at amortized cost.

     The Company earns interest on the mortgages and pays interest on the obligations to securitization entities. As part of the CMB
     transactions, the Company enters into a swap transaction whereby the Company pays coupons on CMBs and receives investment
     returns on the NHA MBS and the reinvestment of repaid mortgage principal. A component of this swap, related to the obligation to
     pay CMB coupons and receive investment returns on repaid mortgage principal, and the hedging swap used to manage exposure
     to changes in variable rate investment returns, are recorded as derivatives with a negative fair value of $9.0 million at June 30, 2024
     (December 31, 2023 – negative $4.8 million).

     All mortgages securitized under the NHA MBS and CMB Program are insured by CMHC or another approved insurer under the
     program. As part of the ABCP transactions, the Company has provided cash reserves for credit enhancement which are recorded
     at cost. Credit risk is limited to these cash reserves and future net interest income as the ABCP Trusts have no recourse to the
     Company’s other assets for failure to make payments when due.

                                                                                                                                                     Obligations to
                                                                                                                                   Securitized       securitization
                                                                                                                                   mortgages               entities           Net

     June 30, 2024
     Carrying value
      NHA MBS and CMB Program                                                                                                 $    2,350,084     $     2,338,023      $   12,061
      Bank sponsored ABCP                                                                                                          2,314,566           2,313,264           1,302
      Total                                                                                                                   $    4,664,650     $     4,651,287      $   13,363
     Fair value                                                                                                               $    4,627,457     $     4,676,457      $   (49,000)

     December 31, 2023
     Carrying value
      NHA MBS and CMB Program                                                                                                 $ 2,408,639        $     2,389,389      $   19,250
      Bank sponsored ABCP                                                                                                          2,313,806           2,298,438          15,368
      Total                                                                                                                   $ 4,722,445        $     4,687,827      $   34,618
     Fair value                                                                                                               $ 4,690,885        $     4,695,738      $    (4,853)




                                                                                                                                                                                     PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
     The carrying value of Obligations to securitization entities, which is recorded net of issue costs, includes principal payments received
     on securitized mortgages that are not due to be settled until after the reporting period. Issue costs are amortized over the life of the
     obligation on an effective interest rate basis.




80 IGM Financial Inc. 2024 Second Quarter Report | Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                           C  77
                              Note 9. Investment in associates

                                                                                                        Lifeco          ChinaAMC             Rockefeller           Northleaf             Other            Total

                              June 30, 2024
                              Balance, beginning of period                                   $      589,288       $    1,885,223       $      844,795        $     301,845         $   38,023    $   3,659,174
                              Additions                                                                      –                    –                  85                     –          10,000          10,085
                              Dividends                                                              (24,571)             (72,926)                     –             (7,903)                –        (105,400)
                              Proportionate share of:
                               Earnings (losses)                                                      46,415               55,228              (10,583)              12,423 (1)          (268)        103,215
                               Other comprehensive income (loss) and other
                               adjustments                                                            (1,692)              13,194               27,840                      –               –          39,342
                              Balance, end of period                                         $      609,440       $    1,880,719       $      862,137        $     306,365         $   47,755    $   3,706,416

                              June 30, 2023
                              Balance, beginning of period                                   $      939,567       $       787,171      $               –     $     284,499         $   40,066    $   2,051,303
                              Additions                                                                      –          1,161,505             855,649                       –            542         2,017,696
                              Disposition                                                          (397,705)                      –                    –                    –               –         (397,705)
                              Dividends                                                              (23,024)             (69,180)                     –                    –               –          (92,204)
                              Proportionate share of:
                               Earnings (losses)                                                      35,116               55,736                (1,866)               8,198 (1)       (1,262)         95,922
                               IFRS 17 adjustment                                                     15,098                      –                    –                    –               –          15,098
                               Other comprehensive income (loss) and other
                               adjustments                                                            15,139             (141,233)             (11,867)                     –               –         (137,961)
                              Balance, end of period                                         $      584,191       $    1,793,999       $      841,916        $     292,697         $   39,346    $   3,552,149

                              (1) For the six months ended June 30, 2024, the Company’s proportionate share of Northleaf’s earnings net of Non-controlling interest was $9,938, (2023 –$6,558).


                              The Company uses the equity method to account for its investments in associates, which include Great-West Lifeco Inc. (Lifeco), China
                              Asset Management Co., Ltd. (ChinaAMC), Rockefeller Capital Management (Rockefeller), and Northleaf Capital Group Ltd. (Northleaf),
                              as it exercises significant influence.

                              On January 12, 2023, the Company closed the transaction to acquire Power’s 13.9% interest in ChinaAMC for cash consideration
                              of $1.16 billion including transaction costs, increasing the Company’s equity interest in ChinaAMC from 13.9% to 27.8%. To partially
                              fund the transaction, IGM Financial sold 15,200,662 common shares of Lifeco to Power for cash consideration of $553 million which
                              reduced the Company’s equity interest in Lifeco from 4.0% to 2.4%. The remaining $597 million of consideration was funded from
                              the Company’s existing financial resources including $22 million in dividends received after March 31, 2022 with respect to the Lifeco
                              shares that were sold. The Company continues to equity account for its 27.8% interest in ChinaAMC and 2.4% interest in Lifeco.

                              In 2023, the Company recognized a gain on the sale of the Lifeco shares of $172.9 million before-tax ($168.6 million after-tax),
                              consisting of $179.1 million recorded in the first quarter and a decrease of $6.2 million that was recorded on a prospective basis in
                              the second quarter.

                              The Company recorded a Lifeco IFRS 17 adjustment of $15.1 million in the second quarter of 2023, representing a change of estimate
                              which has been recorded on a prospective basis.

                              On April 3, 2023, the Company acquired a 20.5% interest in Rockefeller for a total cost of $858 million, which was comprised of cash
                              consideration of $835 million (USD $622 million) and transaction costs.




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.




                              Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements | IGM Financial Inc. 2024 Second Quarter Report                                                                    81
                              C  78                                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
     Note 10. Share capital

     Authorized
       Unlimited number of:
         First preferred shares, issuable in series
         Second preferred shares, issuable in series
         Class 1 non-voting shares
         Common shares, no par value


     Issued and outstanding
                                                                                                                                 June 30, 2024                      June 30, 2023
                                                                                                                 Shares          Stated value          Shares        Stated value

     Common shares:
      Balance, beginning of period                                                                       238,131,738         $     1,690,626     237,668,062    $    1,672,799
      Issued under Stock Option Plan                                                                            17,076                   623        399,843              15,423
      Purchased for cancellation                                                                           (1,379,000)                 (9,792)             –                   –
      Balance, end of period                                                                             236,769,814         $     1,681,457     238,067,905    $    1,688,222



     Normal course issuer bid
     On December 21, 2023, the Company commenced a Normal Course Issuer Bid (NCIB) which will continue until December 20, 2024,
     when the bid expires, or such earlier date as the Company completes its purchases pursuant to the notice of intention filed with the TSX.
     Pursuant to this bid, the Company may purchase up to 3 million or 1.3% of its common shares outstanding as at December 7, 2023.

     In the second quarter of 2024, there were 1,039,000 shares (2023 – nil) purchased at a cost of $37.1 million. In the six months ended
     June 30, 2024, there were 1,379,000 shares (2023 – nil) purchased at a cost of $49.1 million. The premium paid to purchase the shares
     in excess of the stated value was charged to Retained earnings.

     In connection with its NCIB, the Company has established an automatic securities purchase plan for its common shares. The automatic
     securities purchase plan provides standard instructions regarding how IGM Financial’s common shares are to be purchased under the
     NCIB during certain pre-determined trading blackout periods, subject to pre-established parameters. Outside of these pre-determined
     trading blackout periods, purchases under the Company’s NCIB will be completed based upon management’s discretion.



     Note 11. Capital management

     The capital management policies, procedures and activities of the Company are discussed in the Capital Resources section of the
     Company’s Management’s Discussion and Analysis contained in the Second Quarter 2024 Report to Shareholders and in Note 20
     to the Consolidated Financial Statements in the 2023 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report and have not changed significantly since
     December 31, 2023.




                                                                                                                                                                                    PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.




82 IGM Financial Inc. 2024 Second Quarter Report | Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
                                       P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                      C  79
                              Note 12. Share-based payments

                              Stock option plan
                                                                                                                                                                                  June 30          December 31
                                                                                                                                                                                     2024                2023

                              Common share options
                                – Outstanding                                                                                                                              10,857,856               10,902,118
                                – Exercisable                                                                                                                                7,447,802                 6,924,596


                              In the second quarter of 2024, the Company granted 9,238 options to employees (2023 – 1,234). In the six months ended June 30,
                              2024, the Company granted 673,814 options to employees (2023 – 662,606). The weighted-average fair value of options granted
                              during the six months ended June 30, 2024, has been estimated at $4.15 per option (2023 – $5.56) using the Black-Scholes option
                              pricing model. The weighted-average closing share price at the grant date was $35.57.

                              Other assumptions used in these valuation models include:

                                                                                                                                                                                     Six months ended June 30
                                                                                                                                                                                       2024                2023

                              Exercise price                                                                                                                                  $       35.68        $      42.53
                              Risk-free interest rate                                                                                                                                  3.61%               3.44%
                              Expected option life                                                                                                                                  7 years              7 years
                              Expected volatility                                                                                                                                     24.00%              23.00%
                              Expected dividend yield                                                                                                                                  6.33%                5.31%


                              Expected volatility has been estimated based on the historic volatility of the Company’s share price over seven years which is
                              reflective of the expected option life. Options vest over a period of up to 7.5 years from the grant date and are exercisable no later
                              than 10 years after the grant date.



                              Note 13. Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)

                                                                                                                                                                                     Investment
                                                                                                                                         Employee                 Other            in associates
                                                                                                                                          benefits          investments                and other              Total

                              June 30, 2024
                              Balance, beginning of period                                                                        $       (13,995)      $     393,956         $       (63,671)     $      316,290
                              Other comprehensive income (loss)                                                                            43,420             192,883                  44,992             281,295
                              Transfer out of FVTOCI                                                                                              –                  38                       –                38
                              Balance, end of period                                                                              $        29,425       $     586,877         $       (18,679)     $      597,623

                              June 30, 2023
                              Balance, beginning of period                                                                        $         4,383       $     309,605         $        48,778      $      362,766
                              Other comprehensive income (loss)                                                                            (8,360)                 (433)             (135,650)           (144,443)
                              Disposal of investment in associate (Note 9)                                                                        –                    –              (16,008)             (16,008)




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                              Transfer out of FVTOCI                                                                                              –                 118                       –               118
                              Balance, end of period                                                                              $        (3,977)      $     309,290         $      (102,880)     $      202,433


                              Amounts are recorded net of tax.




                              Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements | IGM Financial Inc. 2024 Second Quarter Report                                                                        83
                              C  80                                          P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
     Note 14. Risk management

     The risk management policies and procedures of the Company are discussed in the Financial Risk section of the Company’s
     Management’s Discussion and Analysis contained in the Second Quarter 2024 Report to Shareholders and in Note 23 to the
     Consolidated Financial Statements in the 2023 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report and have not changed significantly since
     December 31, 2023.



     Note 15. Fair value of financial instruments

     Fair values are management’s estimates and are calculated using market conditions at a specific point in time and may not reflect
     future fair values. The calculations are subjective in nature, involve uncertainties and are matters of significant judgment.

     All financial instruments measured at fair value and those for which fair value is disclosed are classified into one of three levels that
     distinguish fair value measurements by the significance of the inputs used for valuation.

     Fair value is determined based on the price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability in the most advantageous
     market, utilizing a hierarchy of three different valuation techniques, based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value
     measurement in its entirety.

          Level 1 – Unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities;

          Level 2 – Observable inputs other than Level 1 quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets; quoted prices
                    for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active; or inputs other than quoted prices that are
                    observable or corroborated by observable market data; and

          Level 3 – Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity. Valuation techniques are primarily model-based.

     Markets are considered inactive when transactions are not occurring with sufficient regularity. Inactive markets may be
     characterized by a significant decline in the volume and level of observed trading activity or through large or erratic bid/offer spreads.
     In those instances where traded markets are not considered sufficiently active, fair value is measured using valuation models which
     may utilize predominantly observable market inputs (Level 2) or may utilize predominantly non-observable market inputs (Level 3).
     Management considers all reasonably available information including indicative broker quotations, any available pricing for similar
     instruments, recent arm’s length market transactions, any relevant observable market inputs, and internal model-based estimates.
     Management exercises judgment in determining the most appropriate inputs and the weighting ascribed to each input as well as in
     the selection of valuation methodologies.

     Fair value is determined using the following methods and assumptions:

       Other investments and other financial assets and financial liabilities are valued using quoted prices from active markets, when
       available. When a quoted market price is not readily available, valuation techniques are used that require assumptions related
       to discount rates and the timing and amount of future cash flows. Wherever possible, observable market inputs are used in the
       valuation techniques.

       Loans classified as Level 2 are valued using market interest rates for loans with similar credit risk and maturity.

       Loans classified as Level 3 are valued by discounting the expected future cash flows at prevailing market yields.




                                                                                                                                                     PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
       Valuation methods used for Other investments classified as Level 3 include comparison to market transactions with arm’s length
       third parties, use of market multiples, and discounted cash flow analysis.

       Obligations to securitization entities are valued by discounting the expected future cash flows at prevailing market yields for
       securities issued by these securitization entities having similar terms and characteristics.

       Deposits and certificates are valued by discounting the contractual cash flows using market interest rates currently offered for
       deposits with similar terms and credit risks.

       Long-term debt is valued using quoted prices for each debenture available in the market.




84 IGM Financial Inc. 2024 Second Quarter Report | Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4            C  81
                                Derivative financial instruments are valued based on quoted market prices, where available, prevailing market rates for
                                instruments with similar characteristics and maturities, or discounted cash flow analysis.

                              Level 1 financial instruments include exchange-traded equity investments and open-end investment fund units and other financial
                              liabilities in instances where there are quoted prices available from active markets.

                              Level 2 assets and liabilities include fixed income securities, loans, derivative financial instruments, deposits and certificates and
                              long-term debt. The fair value of fixed income securities is determined using quoted market prices or independent dealer price
                              quotes. The fair value of derivative financial instruments and deposits and certificates are determined using valuation models,
                              discounted cash flow methodologies, or similar techniques using primarily observable market inputs. The fair value of long-term
                              debt is determined using indicative broker quotes.

                              Level 3 assets and liabilities include investments with little or no trading activity valued using broker-dealer quotes, loans, other
                              financial assets, obligations to securitization entities and derivative financial instruments. Derivative financial instruments consist
                              of principal reinvestment account swaps which represent the component of a swap entered into under the CMB Program whereby
                              the Company pays coupons on Canada Mortgage Bonds and receives investment returns on the reinvestment of repaid mortgage
                              principal. Fair value is determined by discounting the projected cashflows of the swaps. The notional amount, which is an input used
                              to determine the fair value of the swap, is determined using an average unobservable prepayment rate of 15% which is based on
                              historical prepayment patterns. An increase (decrease) in the assumed mortgage prepayment rate increases (decreases) the notional
                              amount of the swap. Level 3 Other investments of $955 million are predominantly comprised of early-stage financial technology
                              companies, including Wealthsimple with a fair value of $835 million. Fair value is determined by using observable transactions in the
                              investments’ securities, where available, forecasted cash flows, and other valuation metrics, including revenue multiples, used in the
                              valuation of comparable public companies. A 5% increase (decrease) to forecasted cash flows or revenue multiples would result in an
                              increase (decrease) in fair value of the Company’s investment in Wealthsimple of approximately $42 million.

                              The following table presents the carrying amounts and fair values of financial assets and financial liabilities, including their levels in
                              the fair value hierarchy. The table distinguishes between those financial instruments recorded at fair value and those recorded at
                              amortized cost. The table also excludes fair value information for financial assets and financial liabilities not measured at fair value if
                              the carrying amount is a reasonable approximation of fair value. These items include cash and cash equivalents, accounts and other
                              receivables, certain other financial assets, accounts payable and accrued liabilities, credit facility and certain other financial liabilities.




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.




                              Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements | IGM Financial Inc. 2024 Second Quarter Report                                  85
                              C  82                                      P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
                                                                                                                                                                                            Fair value
                                                                                             Carrying value                Level 1            Level 2                  Level 3                  Total

     June 30, 2024
     Financial assets recorded at fair value
      Other investments
        – FVTOCI                                                                         $       954,914          $              –    $              –       $      954,914           $    954,914
        – FVTPL                                                                                  162,151                150,722                      –               11,429                162,151
      Derivative financial instruments                                                            34,974                         –           21,285                  13,689                  34,974
     Financial assets recorded at amortized cost
      Loans
        – Amortized cost                                                                       5,208,251                         –          540,661               4,627,457               5,168,118
     Financial liabilities recorded at fair value
      Derivative financial instruments                                                            41,919                         –           35,419                    6,500                 41,919
     Financial liabilities recorded at amortized cost
      Deposits and certificates                                                                2,978,400                         –        2,978,427                           –           2,978,427
      Obligations to securitization entities                                                   4,651,287                         –                   –            4,676,457               4,676,457
      Long-term debt                                                                           2,400,000                         –        2,401,869                           –           2,401,869

     December 31, 2023
     Financial assets recorded at fair value
      Other investments
        – FVTOCI                                                                         $       721,379          $              –    $              –       $      721,379           $    721,379
        – FVTPL                                                                                  142,219                130,790                      –                11,429                142,219
      Derivative financial instruments                                                            42,729                         –           26,801                   15,928                 42,729
     Financial assets recorded at amortized cost
      Loans
        – Amortized cost                                                                       5,108,696                         –          379,954               4,690,885               5,070,839
     Financial liabilities recorded at fair value
      Derivative financial instruments                                                            49,580                         –           41,373                    8,207                 49,580
     Financial liabilities recorded at amortized cost
      Deposits and certificates                                                                3,344,190                         –        3,344,223                           –           3,344,223
      Obligations to securitization entities                                                   4,687,827                         –                   –            4,695,738               4,695,738
      Long-term debt                                                                           2,400,000                         –        2,453,390                           –           2,453,390


     There were no significant transfers between Level 1 and Level 2 in 2024 and 2023.

     The following table provides a summary of changes in Level 3 assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis. There
     were no transfers in or out of Level 3 in 2024 and 2023.

                                                                                                                Gains (losses)
                                                                                                                    included
                                                                                       Gains (losses)                in Other
                                                                     Balance         included in Net          comprehensive          Purchases and                                           Balance
                                                                   January 1               earnings(1)                income             issuances               Settlements                 June 30

     June 30, 2024
     Other investments
      – FVTOCI                                             $       721,379       $                  –    $         222,022       $        11,692         $             179        $        954,914
      – FVTPL                                                        11,429                         –                      –                    –                         –                  11,429




                                                                                                                                                                                                         PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
      Derivative financial instruments, net                           7,721                   (2,439)                      –               (1,763)                  (3,670)                   7,189

     June 30, 2023
     Other investments
      – FVTOCI                                             $       602,612       $                  –    $            (1,323)    $         5,497         $             638        $        606,148
      – FVTPL                                                        11,429                         –                      –                    –                         –                  11,429
      Derivative financial instruments, net                          20,516                    1,360                       –               (1,145)                   (1,945)                 22,676

     (1) Included in Wealth management revenue or Net investment income and other in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.




86 IGM Financial Inc. 2024 Second Quarter Report | Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
                                         P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                                        C  83
                              Note 16. Earnings per common share

                                                                                                                                       Three months ended June 30                       Six months ended June 30
                                                                                                                                           2024                  2023                    2024              2023

                              Earnings
                               Net earnings from continuing operations                                                       $       217,249        $        137,039              $   442,057    $     516,411
                               Non-controlling interest                                                                                 (1,062)                  (627)                 (2,485)          (1,640)
                               Net earnings available to common shareholders – continuing operations                                 216,187                 136,412                  439,572          514,771
                               Net earnings from discontinued operations                                                                      –                 1,789                       –            4,918
                               Non-controlling interest                                                                                       –                      –                      –             (150)
                               Net earnings available to common shareholders – discontinued operations                                        –                 1,789                       –            4,768
                               Net earnings available to common shareholders                                                 $       216,187        $       138,201               $   439,572    $     519,539
                              Number of common shares (in thousands)
                               Weighted average number of common shares outstanding                                                  237,232                238,048                   237,646          237,943
                               Add: Potential exercise of outstanding stock options (1)                                                    165                   583                     142               676
                               Average number of common shares outstanding – diluted basis                                           237,397                238,631                   237,788          238,619
                              Earnings per common share (in dollars)
                               Basic
                                 From continuing operations                                                                  $            0.91      $            0.57             $      1.85    $         2.16
                                 From discontinued operations                                                                                 –                  0.01                       –             0.02
                                 Net earnings available to common shareholders                                               $            0.91      $            0.58             $      1.85    $         2.18
                               Diluted
                                 From continuing operations                                                                  $            0.91      $            0.57             $      1.85    $         2.16
                                 From discontinued operations                                                                                 –                  0.01                       –             0.02
                                 Net earnings available to common shareholders                                               $            0.91      $            0.58             $      1.85    $         2.18

                              (1) Excludes 1,173 thousand shares for the three months ended June 30, 2024, related to outstanding stock options that were anti-dilutive (2023 – 731 thousand). Excludes
                                  1,229 thousand shares for the six months ended June 30, 2024, related to outstanding stock options that were anti-dilutive (2023 – 651 thousand).



                              Note 17. Contingent liabilities

                              The Company is subject to legal actions arising in the normal course of its business. In December 2018, a proposed class action was filed
                              in the Ontario Superior Court against Mackenzie Financial Corporation (Mackenzie) which alleges that the company should not have paid
                              mutual fund trailing commissions to order execution only dealers. This action was certified in January 2024. In August 2022, a second
                              proposed class action concerning the same subject matter was filed against Mackenzie.

                              In late March 2023, the Company was notified by one of our third-party vendors, InvestorCOM Inc., that they were compromised due
                              to a cybersecurity incident related to a technology supplier to InvestorCOM, GoAnywhere. The Company has notified impacted clients
                              and offered credit monitoring at no cost to all clients. Four proposed class actions have been filed against Mackenzie concerning
                              this incident.

                              Although it is difficult to predict the outcome of any such legal actions, based on current knowledge, management does not expect
                              the outcome of any of these matters, individually or in aggregate, to have a material adverse effect on the Company’s consolidated
                              financial position.




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.




                              Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements | IGM Financial Inc. 2024 Second Quarter Report                                                                     87
                              C  84                                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
     Note 18. Segmented information

     In 2023, the Company realigned its reportable segments to better characterize and simplify the Company’s business lines into wealth
     management and asset management segments. The revised segments reflect a realignment of Rockefeller and Wealthsimple to the
     wealth management segment and ChinaAMC and Northleaf to the asset management segment. These changes have no impact on
     the reported earnings of the Company. Prior period comparative information has been restated to reflect the realigned segments.
     The Company’s reportable segments are:
     • Wealth Management
     • Asset Management
     • Corporate and Other

     These segments reflect the Company’s internal financial reporting and performance measurement.
     • Wealth Management – reflects the activities of its core business and strategic investments that are principally focused on
       providing financial planning and related services to retail client households. This segment includes the activities of IG Wealth
       Management which is a retail distribution organization that serves Canadian households through its securities dealer, mutual fund
       dealer and other subsidiaries licensed to distribute financial products and services. A majority of the revenues of this segment are
       derived from providing financial advice and distributing financial products and services to Canadian households. This segment
       also includes the investment management activities of these organizations, including mutual fund management and discretionary
       portfolio management services. This segment also includes the Company’s strategic investments in Rockefeller and Wealthsimple.
       Rockefeller is classified as an investment in associate and accounted for using the equity method, with the proportionate share
       of earnings included in revenue. Wealthsimple is classified as an investment which is accounted for as fair value through other
       comprehensive income and therefore has no impact on the segment earnings. This segment previously included IPC, which was
       sold on November 30, 2023. IPC’s results were classified as discontinued operations.
     • Asset Management – reflects the activities of its core business and strategic investments primarily focused on providing investment
       management services. This segment includes the operations of Mackenzie Investments which provides investment management
       services to a suite of investment funds that are distributed through third party dealers and financial advisors, and through
       institutional advisory mandates to financial institutions, pensions and other institutional investors. This segment also includes the
       Company’s strategic investment in ChinaAMC and Northleaf which are classified as investments in associates and accounted for using
       the equity method. The proportionate share of earnings on these investments are included in the segment’s revenue.
     • Corporate and Other – primarily represents investments in Lifeco and Portage Ventures LPs, the Company’s unallocated capital,
       as well as consolidation elimination entries.




                                                                                                                                               PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.




88 IGM Financial Inc. 2024 Second Quarter Report | Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4        C  85
                              2024
                                                                                                                 Wealth            Asset            Corporate               Total
                              Three months ended June 30                                                    Management       Management             and Other            Segment     Adjustments(1)      Total

                              Revenues
                               Wealth management                                                        $      592,238 $                   – $          (2,192) $        590,046 $             – $    590,046

                               Asset management                                                                        –          271,493             (25,647)           245,846               –      245,846
                               Dealer compensation                                                                     –           (80,174)               (898)          (81,072)              –      (81,072)
                               Net asset management                                                                    –          191,319             (26,545)           164,774               –      164,774

                               Net investment income and other                                                    2,769              3,149               4,052              9,970              –        9,970
                               Proportionate share of associates’ earnings                                       (2,463)            33,656             24,507             55,700          (4,185)      51,515
                                                                                                               592,544            228,124                 (178)          820,490          (4,185)     816,305
                              Expenses
                               Advisory and business development                                               257,148              21,381                   (2)         278,527               –      278,527
                               Operations and support                                                          114,374              90,849                 740           205,963               –      205,963
                               Sub-advisory                                                                      46,413              1,391            (28,735)            19,069               –       19,069
                                                                                                               417,935            113,621             (27,997)           503,559               –      503,559
                                                                                                               174,609            114,503              27,819            316,931          (4,185)     312,746
                              Interest expense (2)                                                               25,710              6,518                    –           32,228               –       32,228
                              Earnings before income taxes                                                     148,899            107,985              27,819            284,703          (4,185)     280,518
                              Income taxes                                                                       40,198             22,177                 894            63,269               –       63,269
                                                                                                               108,701              85,808             26,925            221,434          (4,185)     217,249
                              Non-controlling interest                                                                 –            (1,062)                   –            (1,062)             –       (1,062)
                                                                                                        $      108,701 $            84,746 $           26,925            220,372          (4,185)     216,187
                              Lifeco other items (1)                                                                                                                         (885)           885            –
                              Rockefeller debt refinancing (1)                                                                                                            (3,300)          3,300            –
                              Net earnings available to common shareholders                                                                                        $     216,187 $             – $    216,187

                              (1) The proportionate share of Lifeco other items and Rockefeller debt refinancing are not related to a specific segment and therefore excluded from segment results. These
                                  items have been adjusted to reconcile Total Segment results to the Company’s Consolidated Statement of Earnings.
                              (2) Interest expense includes interest on long-term debt and interest on leases.




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.




                              Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements | IGM Financial Inc. 2024 Second Quarter Report                                                                   89
                              C  86                                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
     2023
                                                                               Wealth                Asset            Corporate              Total
     Three months ended June 30                                           Management           Management             and Other           Segment         Adjustments(1)           Total

     Revenues
      Wealth management                                               $      554,095       $              –     $        (1,613)     $    552,482     $             –      $   552,482

      Asset management                                                               –            264,198              (25,546)           238,652                   –          238,652
      Dealer compensation                                                            –            (78,764)                 (659)          (79,423)                  –          (79,423)
      Net asset management                                                           –            185,434              (26,205)           159,229                   –          159,229

      Net investment income and other                                           3,948                  945                3,215             8,108                   –            8,108
      Gain on sale of Lifeco shares (Note 9)                                         –                    –                    –                 –             (6,141)           (6,141)
      Proportionate share of associates’ earnings                              (2,371)             30,735               20,488             48,852               9,124           57,976
                                                                             555,672               217,114               (4,115)          768,671              2,983           771,654
     Expenses
      Advisory and business development                                      233,014               21,052                     (2)         254,064                   –          254,064
      Operations and support                                                 105,554               89,550                   301           195,405           103,266            298,671
      Sub-advisory                                                            43,007                 1,134              (27,819)           16,322                   –           16,322
                                                                             381,575              111,736               (27,520)          465,791           103,266            569,057
                                                                             174,097              105,378               23,405            302,880           (100,283)          202,597
     Interest expense(2)                                                      24,000                 6,120                     –           30,120                   –           30,120
     Earnings before income taxes                                            150,097               99,258               23,405            272,760           (100,283)          172,477
     Income taxes                                                             39,875               21,495                 1,126            62,496            (27,058)           35,438
     Net earnings from continuing operations                                 110,222               77,763               22,279            210,264            (73,225)          137,039
     Net earnings from discontinued operations                                  3,943                     –              (2,154)            1,789                   –            1,789
                                                                             114,165               77,763               20,125            212,053            (73,225)          138,828
     Non-controlling interest                                                        –                (627)                    –             (627)                  –             (627)
                                                                      $      114,165       $        77,136      $       20,125            211,426            (73,225)          138,201
     Restructuring and other, net of tax(1)                                                                                               (76,208)            76,208                  –
     Gain on sale of Lifeco shares, net of tax(1)                                                                                           (6,141)             6,141                 –
     Lifeco IFRS 17 adjustment(1)                                                                                                          15,098            (15,098)                 –
     Lifeco other items(1)                                                                                                                 (5,974)             5,974                  –
     Net earnings available to common shareholders                                                                                   $    138,201     $             –      $   138,201

     (1) Restructuring and other, Gain on sale of Lifeco shares, and the proportionate share of Lifeco IFRS 17 adjustment and Lifeco other items are not related to a specific
         segment and therefore excluded from segment results. These items have been added back, including the to income taxes, to reconcile Total Segment results to the
         Company’s Consolidated Statement of Earnings.
     (2) Interest expense includes interest on long-term debt and interest on leases.




                                                                                                                                                                                           PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.




90 IGM Financial Inc. 2024 Second Quarter Report | Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
                                          P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                          C  87
                              2024
                                                                                                                 Wealth            Asset            Corporate               Total
                              Six months ended June 30                                                      Management       Management             and Other            Segment     Adjustments(1)        Total

                              Revenues
                               Wealth management                                                        $    1,176,737 $                   – $          (4,126) $      1,172,611 $             – $    1,172,611

                               Asset management                                                                        –          539,415             (51,703)           487,712               –       487,712
                               Dealer compensation                                                                     –         (159,470)              (1,694)         (161,164)              –      (161,164)
                               Net asset management                                                                    –          379,945             (53,397)           326,548               –       326,548

                               Net investment income and other                                                    8,043              9,675               7,879            25,597               –        25,597
                               Proportionate share of associates’ earnings                                       (7,551)            67,651             48,407            108,507          (5,292)      103,215
                                                                                                             1,177,229            457,271               (1,237)        1,633,263          (5,292)     1,627,971
                              Expenses
                               Advisory and business development                                               501,324              42,834                   (4)         544,154               –       544,154
                               Operations and support                                                          229,328            179,366                1,097           409,791               –       409,791
                               Sub-advisory                                                                      91,750              2,676            (57,522)            36,904               –        36,904
                                                                                                               822,402            224,876             (56,429)           990,849               –       990,849
                                                                                                               354,827            232,395              55,192            642,414          (5,292)      637,122
                              Interest expense (2)                                                               51,460             13,018                    –           64,478               –        64,478
                              Earnings before income taxes                                                     303,367            219,377              55,192            577,936          (5,292)      572,644
                              Income taxes                                                                       83,468             45,311               1,808           130,587               –       130,587
                                                                                                               219,899            174,066              53,384            447,349          (5,292)      442,057
                              Non-controlling interest                                                                 –            (2,485)                   –            (2,485)             –         (2,485)
                                                                                                        $      219,899 $          171,581 $            53,384            444,864          (5,292)      439,572
                              Lifeco other items (1)                                                                                                                       (1,992)         1,992              –
                              Rockefeller debt refinancing (1)                                                                                                             (3,300)         3,300              –
                              Net earnings available to common shareholders                                                                                        $     439,572 $             – $     439,572



                              Identifiable assets                                                       $ 11,292,617 $          3,620,381 $        1,116,472 $ 16,029,470 $                    – $ 16,029,470
                              Goodwill                                                                       1,346,245          1,290,526                     –        2,636,771               –      2,636,771
                              Total assets                                                              $ 12,638,862 $          4,910,907 $        1,116,472 $ 18,666,241 $                    – $ 18,666,241

                              (1) The proportionate share of Lifeco other items and Rockefeller debt refinancing are not related to a specific segment and therefore excluded from segment results. These
                                  items have been adjusted to reconcile Total Segment results to the Company’s Consolidated Statement of Earnings.
                              (2) Interest expense includes interest on long-term debt and interest on leases.




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.




                              Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements | IGM Financial Inc. 2024 Second Quarter Report                                                                     91
                              C  88                                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
     2023
                                                                               Wealth                Asset            Corporate                Total
     Six months ended June 30                                             Management           Management             and Other             Segment        Adjustments (1)            Total

     Revenues
      Wealth management                                               $    1,089,763       $              –     $        (3,170)     $    1,086,593    $              –      $   1,086,593

      Asset management                                                               –            526,012               (51,206)           474,806                    –           474,806
      Dealer compensation                                                            –           (157,460)               (1,289)           (158,749)                  –           (158,749)
      Net asset management                                                           –            368,552              (52,495)            316,057                    –           316,057

      Net investment income and other                                           7,376                5,449                6,232             19,057                    –            19,057
      Gain on sale of Lifeco shares (Note 9)                                         –                    –                    –                  –           172,977             172,977
      Proportionate share of associates’ earnings                              (3,128)             63,934               40,848             101,654               9,366             111,020
                                                                           1,094,011              437,935                (8,585)          1,523,361           182,343            1,705,704
     Expenses
      Advisory and business development                                      455,991               43,718                     (4)          499,705                    –           499,705
      Operations and support                                                 213,842              182,694                   644             397,180           103,266             500,446
      Sub-advisory                                                            85,590                 2,243             (55,665)              32,168                   –             32,168
                                                                             755,423              228,655              (55,025)            929,053            103,266            1,032,319
                                                                             338,588              209,280               46,440             594,308              79,077            673,385
     Interest expense (2)                                                     46,249                11,926                     –             58,175                   –             58,175
     Earnings before income taxes                                            292,339              197,354               46,440             536,133              79,077            615,210
     Income taxes                                                             78,276               41,302                 1,960            121,538             (22,739)            98,799
     Net earnings from continuing operations                                 214,063              156,052               44,480             414,595             101,816             516,411
     Net earnings from discontinued operations                                  6,870                     –              (1,952)              4,918                   –              4,918
                                                                             220,933              156,052               42,528              419,513            101,816            521,329
     Non-controlling interest                                                    (150)              (1,640)                    –             (1,790)                  –             (1,790)
                                                                      $      220,783       $      154,412       $       42,528              417,723            101,816            519,539
     Restructuring and other, net of tax(1)                                                                                                 (76,208)            76,208                   –
     Gain on sale of Lifeco shares, net of tax(1)                                                                                          168,658           (168,658)                   –
     Lifeco IFRS 17 adjustment(1)                                                                                                           15,098             (15,098)                  –
     Lifeco other items(1)                                                                                                                   (5,732)             5,732                   –
     Net earnings available to common shareholders                                                                                   $     519,539     $              –      $    519,539



     Identifiable assets                                              $ 12,303,680         $    3,531,916       $      958,732       $ 16,794,328      $              –      $ 16,794,328
     Goodwill                                                              1,346,245            1,290,526                      –          2,636,771                   –          2,636,771
     Total assets                                                     $ 13,649,925         $ 4,822,442          $      958,732       $ 19,431,099      $              –      $ 19,431,099

     (1) Restructuring and other, Gain on sale of Lifeco shares, and the proportionate share of Lifeco IFRS 17 adjustment and Lifeco other items are not related to a specific
         segment and therefore excluded from segment results. These items have been added back, including the to income taxes, to reconcile Total Segment results to the
         Company’s Consolidated Statement of Earnings.
     (2) Interest expense includes interest on long-term debt and interest on leases.




                                                                                                                                                                                              PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.




92 IGM Financial Inc. 2024 Second Quarter Report | Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
                                          P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                             C  89
Page intentionally left blank.




     C  90                       P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
Corporate Information


Power Corporation of Canada
751 Victoria Square                                                161 Bay Street, Suite 5000
Montréal, Quebec, Canada H2Y 2J3                                   Toronto, Ontario, Canada M5J 2S1
514-286-7400                                                       416-607-2250
1-800-890-7440
corporate.secretary@powercorp.com


www.powercorporation.com




This document is also available on the Corporation’s website       TRANSFER AGENT AND REGISTRAR
and on SEDAR+ at www.sedarplus.ca.                                 Computershare Investor Services Inc.

STOCK LISTINGS                                                     Offices in:

Shares of Power Corporation of Canada are listed on the            Montréal, Quebec; Toronto, Ontario;

Toronto Stock Exchange:                                            Vancouver, British Columbia
                                                                   www.investorcentre.com
Subordinate Voting Shares: POW
Participating Preferred Shares: POW.PR.E                           SHAREHOLDER SERVICES
                                                                   Shareholders with questions relating to the payment of
First Preferred Shares, Series A: POW.PR.A
                                                                   dividends, change of address, share certificates, direct registration
First Preferred Shares, Series B: POW.PR.B
                                                                   and estate transfers should contact the Transfer Agent:
First Preferred Shares, Series C: POW.PR.C
First Preferred Shares, Series D: POW.PR.D                         Computershare Investor Services Inc.
First Preferred Shares, Series G: POW.PR.G                         Shareholder Services
                                                                   100 University Avenue, 8th Floor
                                                                   Toronto, Ontario, Canada M5J 2Y1
                                                                   1-800-564-6253 (toll-free in Canada and the U.S.)
                                                                   or 514-982-7555
                                                                   www.computershare.com




                      Power Corporation of Canada is a certified
                      Imagine Canada Caring Company,
                      recognized for leadership and excellence
                      in community investment.




To learn more about the organizations we support, visit
www.PowerCorporationCommunity.com
