2026
   Second
   Quarter
    Report
  FOR THE PERIOD ENDED
           JUNE 30, 2026
           Power Corporation of Canada




                                                                                                      PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                               TABLE OF CONTENTS




This document contains management’s discussion and analysis of the ﬁnancial
condition, ﬁnancial performance and cash ﬂows of Power Corporation of Canada
(the Corporation) for the three months and six months ended June 30, 2026
and the unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements
of the Corporation as at and for the three months and six months ended
June 30, 2026. This document has been ﬁled with the securities regulatory
authorities in each of the provinces and territories of Canada and is available
under the Corporation’s proﬁle on SEDAR+, at www.sedarplus.ca.




                                                                                                      PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
Power Corporation of Canada
PART A



Great-West Lifeco Inc.
PART B



IGM Financial Inc.
PART C




                                                                                                      PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.




P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6     1
The trademarks contained in this report are owned by Power Corporation of Canada or by a Member of
the Power Corporation Group of Companies®. Trademarks that are not owned by Power Corporation are
used with permission.




     2                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
           Power Corporation of Canada




                                                                                                       PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                  PART A




Management’s Discussion and Analysis
PAGE A 2



Financial Statements and Notes
PAGE A 79




P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6   A  1
                                       POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA


                                       MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND AN ALYSIS




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       Abbreviations used throughout this Management’s Discussion and Analysis (MD&A) are defined in the section “Abbreviations”.

                                       CAU TIONAR Y STATEMENT R EGARDING F OR WAR D-LOOKING S TATEMENTS
                                       Certain statements in this MD&A, other than statements of historical fact, are forward-looking statements based on certain assumptions and reflect the Corporation’s current
                                       expectations, or with respect to disclosure regarding the Corporation’s public subsidiaries, reflect such subsidiaries’ current expectations as disclosed in their respective
                                       MD&A. Forward-looking statements are provided for the purposes of assisting the reader in understanding the Corporation’s financial performance, financial position and
                                       cash flows as at and for the periods ended on certain dates and to present information about management’s current expectations and plans relating to the future, and the
                                       reader is cautioned that such statements may not be appropriate for other purposes. These statements may include, without limitation, statements regarding the operations,
                                       business, financial condition, expected financial results, performance, prospects, opportunities, priorities, targets, goals, ongoing objectives, strategies and outlook of the
                                       Corporation and its subsidiaries including the outlook for North American and international economies for the current fiscal year and subsequent periods, the Corporation’s
                                       NCIB commenced in 2026, statements concerning deferred taxes, the fintech strategy, fundraising activities and investment strategies of the investment platforms, capital
                                       commitments by the Power group and third parties, the timing and expected impact of the Corporation’s disposal of its investment in LMPG, the expected impact of SHMI’s
                                       investment in Unigestion, GBL’s strategy to simplify its portfolio and the expected timing and impacts of its investments in direct private assets, the Corporation’s subsidiaries’
                                       disclosed expectations including Great West’s NCIB and the Corporation’s participation therein, and the timing and expected impacts of Great West’s acquisition of the
                                       retirement plan and benefits administration business of Milliman, Inc., the expected impacts of IGM’s acquisition of additional interests in Northleaf, and the impacts of IGM’s
                                       simplification initiatives and expected investments in artificial intelligence capabilities. Forward-looking statements include statements that are predictive in nature, depend
                                       upon or refer to future events or conditions, or include words such as “expects”, “anticipates”, “plans”, “believes”, “estimates”, “seeks”, “intends”, “targets”, “projects”,
                                       “forecasts” or negative versions thereof and other similar expressions, or future or conditional verbs such as “may”, “will”, “should”, “would” and “could”.
                                       By its nature, this information is subject to inherent risks and uncertainties that may be general or specific and which give rise to the possibility that expectations, forecasts,
                                       predictions, projections or conclusions will not prove to be accurate, that assumptions may not be correct and that objectives, strategic goals and priorities will not be
                                       achieved. A variety of factors, many of which are beyond the Corporation’s and its subsidiaries’ control, affect the operations, performance and results of the Corporation
                                       and its subsidiaries and their businesses, and could cause actual results to differ materially from current expectations of estimated or anticipated events or results. These
                                       factors include, but are not limited to: the impact or unanticipated impact of general economic, political and market factors in North America and internationally, fluctuations
                                       in interest rates, inflation and foreign exchange rates, monetary policies, business investment and the health of local and global equity and capital markets, management of
                                       market liquidity and funding risks, risks related to investments in private companies and illiquid securities, risks associated with financial instruments, changes in accounting
                                       policies and methods used to report financial condition (including uncertainties associated with significant judgments, estimates and assumptions), the effect of applying
                                       future accounting changes, business competition, operational and reputational risks, technological changes, cybersecurity risks, changes in government administrations,
                                       regulation, legislation and policies, changes in tax laws, the impacts of trade relations, ongoing trade tensions and fiscal policy developments, geopolitical tensions and
                                       related economic impacts, unexpected judicial or regulatory proceedings, catastrophic events, man-made disasters, terrorist attacks, wars and other conflicts, or an outbreak
                                       of a public health pandemic or other public health crises, the Corporation’s and its subsidiaries’ ability to complete strategic transactions, integrate acquisitions and
                                       implement other growth strategies, the Corporation’s and its subsidiaries’ success in anticipating and managing the foregoing factors, and with respect to forward-looking
                                       statements of the Corporation’s subsidiaries disclosed in this MD&A, the factors identified by such subsidiaries in their respective MD&A.
                                       The reader is cautioned to consider these and other factors, uncertainties and potential events carefully and not to put undue reliance on forward-looking statements.
                                       Information contained in forward-looking statements is based upon certain material assumptions that were applied in drawing a conclusion or making a forecast or
                                       projection, including management’s perceptions of historical trends, current conditions and expected future developments, and that strategic transactions, acquisitions,
                                       divestitures or other growth or optimization strategies will be completed on expected terms, including that any required approvals will be received when and on such terms
                                       as are expected, as well as other considerations that are believed to be appropriate in the circumstances. Other considerations also include the availability of cash to
                                       complete purchases under the NCIB, that the list of risks and uncertainties in the previous paragraph, collectively, are not expected to have a material impact on the
                                       Corporation, and with respect to forward-looking statements of the Corporation’s subsidiaries disclosed in this MD&A, that the risks identified by such subsidiaries in their
                                       respective MD&A and Annual Information Form are not expected to have a material impact on the Corporation. While the Corporation considers these assumptions to be
                                       reasonable based on information currently available to management, they may prove to be incorrect.
                                       Other than as specifically required by applicable Canadian law, the Corporation undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect events or
                                       circumstances after the date on which such statement is made, or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events, whether as a result of new information, future events or
                                       results, or otherwise.
                                       Additional information about the risks and uncertainties of the Corporation’s business and material factors or assumptions on which information contained in forward-
                                       looking statements is based is provided in its disclosure materials, including this MD&A, the 2025 Annual MD&A (as defined herein) and its most recent Annual Information
                                       Form, filed with the securities regulatory authorities in Canada and available at www.sedarplus.ca.

                                       S TATEMENT R EG AR DING NON- IFRS F INANCIAL MEASUR ES AND OTHER MEAS UR ES
                                       This MD&A contains financial measures (including ratios) that do not have a standard meaning under International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) Accounting
                                       Standards. Terms by which non-IFRS financial measures are identified include, but are not limited to, “adjusted net earnings”, “adjusted net earnings per share”,
                                       “adjusted net asset value”, “adjusted net asset value per share”, “consolidated assets under management and advisement”, “consolidated assets and assets under
                                       administration” and “fee-related earnings”. Management uses these financial measures in its presentation and analysis of the financial performance, financial condition
                                       and cash flows of Power Corporation, and believes that they provide additional meaningful information to readers in their analysis of the results of the Corporation.
                                       These non-IFRS financial measures may not be comparable to similar measures used by other entities. Refer to the section “Non-IFRS Financial Measures” in this MD&A
                                       for the appropriate reconciliations of these non-IFRS financial measures to measures prescribed by IFRS as well as additional details on each measure. Reconciliations
                                       of the adjusted net asset value and the holding company balance sheet are also included in the section “Adjusted Net Asset Value”.

                                       This MD&A also includes other measures used to discuss activities of the Corporation, its consolidated publicly traded operating companies and alternative asset
                                       investment platforms including, but not limited to, “accumulated unrealized carried interest”, “assets under management”, “assets under administration”, “assets under
                                       management and advisement”, “assets under management and advisement including strategic investments”, “book value per participating share”, “capital
                                       commitments”, “carried interest”, “fee-bearing capital”, “market capitalization”, “net asset value”, “net carried interest”, “non-fee-bearing assets”, “unfunded
                                       commitments” and “weighted average management fee rate”. In addition, the presentation of the holding company is used to present and analyze the financial position
                                       and cash flows of Power Corporation as a holding company. Refer to the section “Other Measures” in this MD&A for a definition of each measure.




                                             A  2                                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


JULY 30, 2026
ALL TABULAR AMOUNTS ARE IN MILLIONS OF CANADIAN DOLLARS, UNLESS OTHERWISE NOTED.




                                                                                                                                   PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
The following MD&A of Power Corporation of Canada (Power Corporation or the Corporation) (TSX: POW; POW.PR.E), a
public corporation, is for the three-month and six-month periods ended June 30, 2026. This MD&A should be read in
conjunction with the unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements of Power Corporation and notes thereto
for the three-month and six-month periods ended June 30, 2026 (the Interim Consolidated Financial Statements), the MD&A
for the year ended December 31, 2025 (the 2025 Annual MD&A), and the audited consolidated financial statements and
notes thereto for the year ended December 31, 2025 (the 2025 Consolidated Financial Statements). Additional information
relating to Power Corporation, including its Annual Information Form, may be found on the Corporation’s website at
www.powercorporation.com and on SEDAR+ at www.sedarplus.ca.

ORGANIZATION OF THE INTERIM MD&A
The Corporation’s MD&A consists of three parts:
  Part A – Power Corporation, presented on a consolidated basis, and including a discussion of the contribution to the
    holding company from Great West, IGM, GBL, and its alternative asset investment platforms and other investments;
  Part B – Great West’s interim MD&A, as prepared and disclosed by Great West in accordance with applicable securities
    legislation, which is also available either directly from SEDAR+ (www.sedarplus.ca) or from Great West’s website
    (www.greatwestlifeco.com);
  Part C – IGM’s interim MD&A, as prepared and disclosed by IGM in accordance with applicable securities legislation,
    which is also available either directly from SEDAR+ (www.sedarplus.ca) or from IGM’s website (www.igmfinancial.com).
Great West (TSX: GWO) and IGM (TSX: IGM) are public companies listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange. GBL is a public
company listed on the Brussels Stock Exchange (EBR: GBLB). Market capitalizations reported in the following sections are at
June 30, 2026 (refer to the section “Other Measures”).




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6   A  3
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       TABLE OF CON TEN TS




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       About the Corporation                                                          Liquidity, Capital and Risk Management
                                       5   Power Corporation of Canada                                   5            59 Cash Flows                                                  59
                                       6   Group Structure                                               6            62 Capital Management                                          62
                                       10 Table of Holdings                                              9            64 Risk Management                                             64

                                       11 Financial Highlights                                           11           65 Financial Instruments and Other Instruments                 65

                                                                                                                      66 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements                              66

                                       Consolidated Operating Results                                                 66 Contingent Liabilities                                      66
                                       13 Results of Power Corporation                                   13           66 Commitments and Contractual Obligations                     66

                                       14 Consolidated Statements of Earnings                            14
                                       16 Contribution to Net Earnings and Adjusted Net Earnings         16           Accounting Policies

                                                                                                                      66 Summary of Critical Accounting Estimates and Judgments      66
                                       Review of Segments and Operating Results                                       67 Changes in Accounting Policies                              67

                                       19 Great West                                                     19           67 Future Accounting Changes                                   67

                                       25 IGM Financial                                                  25
                                       31 GBL                                                            31
                                       Other Components                                                               Other
                                       36 Sagard and Power Sustainable                                   36           67 Transactions with Related Parties                           67
                                       49 Other                                                          49           68 Internal Control over Financial Reporting                   68
                                                                                                                      68 Power Financial Corporation                                 68
                                       Financial Position                                                             69 Non-IFRS Financial Measures                                 69

                                       51 Consolidated Balance Sheets                                    51           71 Reconciliations of IFRS and Non-IFRS Financial Measures     71

                                       54 Holding Company Balance Sheets                                 54           75 Other Measures                                              75

                                       57 Adjusted Net Asset Value                                       57           78 Summary of Quarterly Results                                78




                                            A  4                                     P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA




                                                                                                                                       PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
OVERVIEW
Incorporated in 1925, Power Corporation (TSX: POW; POW.PR.E) is an international management and holding company that
focuses on financial services in North America, Europe and Asia. Its core holdings are leading insurance, retirement, wealth
management and investment businesses, including a portfolio of alternative asset investment platforms. Through Power
Financial, it holds a controlling interest in Great West and IGM and has an active fintech strategy. It also holds, jointly with the
Frère Group of Belgium, a controlling interest in GBL.
Power Corporation conducts its investment activities, built upon a network of deep and long-standing relationships, to
provide superior returns. Investment activities include investments in alternative asset managers, Sagard and Power
Sustainable, investment funds, and interests in China resulting from more than 40 years of engagement. The Corporation aims
to act as an owner with a long-term perspective and a strategic vision anchored in strong core values.
Power Corporation adheres to four overriding investing principles to pursue its objective of achieving sustainable long-term
value creation in the best interests of the Corporation:
  Long-term perspective;
  Leading franchises with attractive growth profiles;
  Strong governance oversight; and
  Prudent approach to risk management.

VALUE CREATION STRATEGY
Power Corporation’s value creation strategy is focused on financial services, designed to generate long-term sustainable
growth in earnings and dividends, and is based upon three key levers:
  Operating company organic levers: organic growth strategies at the publicly traded operating companies;
  Operating company inorganic levers: deployment and redeployment of capital; and
  Power Corporation levers: actions that can be taken at the Corporation and between the Corporation and its publicly
    traded operating companies and investments.
Power Corporation, through its alternative asset investment platforms, continues to develop its alternative asset management
businesses which build upon the investment capabilities that have been created over many years in several high-growth asset
classes. The alternative asset investment platforms are focused on growing their asset management businesses through
raising third-party capital and the Corporation intends to continue to provide proprietary capital to the different investment
products managed by each.




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6   A  5
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       GROUP STRUCTURE
                                       The following chart reflects the economic interests held by the Corporation at June 30, 2026, which include the operating
                                       subsidiaries (Great West and IGM) and its interest in GBL, held through Power Financial, and interests held through the




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       Corporation’s alternative asset investment platforms.




                                          In bold: Publicly listed holdings
                                          [1] Great West, through Canada Life, held a 4.0% interest in IGM, and IGM held a 2.5% interest in Great West.
                                          [2] Represents a 49.9% non-controlling voting interest at June 30, 2026. The interest in Northleaf is held through an acquisition vehicle in which Mackenzie held an
                                              80% equity interest and Great West held a 20% equity interest. Subsequent to quarter-end, Mackenzie and Great West acquired an additional interest in Northleaf
                                              aligning their voting interest with their economic interest; IGM will consolidate Northleaf beginning on July 1, 2026. Refer to the section “IGM Financial”.
                                          [3] Held through Parjointco, a jointly controlled corporation (50%). Parjointco held a 48.6% voting interest in GBL. Refer to the section “GBL” for a list of investments.
                                          [4] Includes a controlling interest in the Portage Ventures Funds and Wealthsimple, held through Power Financial, Great West and IGM.
                                          [5] Refer to the section “Sagard and Power Sustainable” for a list of investments held by each investment platform.
                                          [6] The Corporation held a 44.6% interest in SHMI, and Great West and GBL held interests of 10.8% and 4.1%, respectively. Refer to the section “Sagard and Power
                                              Sustainable”.
                                          [7] The Corporation held a 72.6% interest in PSM, and Great West held a 20.3% interest. Refer to the section “Sagard and Power Sustainable”.




                                           A  6                                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


As a holding company, the Corporation uses adjusted net asset value [1], which presents the fair value of the participating
shareholders’ equity of the holding company, to assess the value, composition and size of its investment holdings. The charts
below present the composition and relative size of investment holdings within the Power group, as well as show the




                                                                                                                                                                   PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
composition of the assets included in the adjusted net asset value and the holding company balance sheet, which are
discussed in detail later in this MD&A.


                                                             TOTAL HOLDING COMPANY ASSETS


                IN ADJUSTED NET ASSET VALUE                                                                IN HOLDING COMPANY BALANCE SHEET




[1] Adjusted net asset value is a non-IFRS financial measure. Refer to the sections “Adjusted Net Asset Value” and “Non-IFRS Financial Measures”.
[2] Includes fintech investments held by the Corporation including investments in the Portage Ventures Funds, Portage Capital Solutions and Wealthsimple.
[3] Includes the Corporation’s cash and cash equivalents, other assets and investments held by the holding company, and the investment in LMPG.




                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                            A  7
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       Publicly Traded Operating Companies
                                       The Corporation holds controlling interests, through Power Financial, in Great West and IGM. It also has significant holdings




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       in a portfolio of European-based global companies through its investment in GBL.

                                       G R EAT WES T
                                       Great-West Lifeco Inc. (TSX: GWO), market capitalization of $80.8 billion (refer to the section “Other Measures”) at June 30,
                                       2026, is a financial services holding company that provides retirement, wealth, group benefits and insurance and risk solutions
                                       to approximately 40 million customer relationships. Great West operates in the United States (U.S.), Canada and Europe under
                                       the brands Empower, Canada Life and Irish Life.
                                       At June 30, 2026, Power Financial and IGM held interests of 68.6% and 2.5%, respectively, in Great West’s common shares,
                                       representing approximately 65% of the voting rights attached to all outstanding Great West voting shares. The Insurance
                                       Companies Act limits voting rights in life insurance companies to 65%.

                                       IG M FINANCIAL
                                       IGM Financial Inc. (TSX: IGM), market capitalization of $18.3 billion at June 30, 2026, is a leading Canadian diversified wealth
                                       and asset management company supporting advisors and the clients they serve in Canada, and institutional investors globally.
                                       IGM provides a broad range of financial planning and investment management services to help approximately two million
                                       Canadians meet their financial goals. IGM’s principal operating subsidiaries are wealth manager IG Wealth Management and
                                       asset manager Mackenzie Investments. IGM also holds a number of strategic investments that provide benefits to its operating
                                       subsidiaries while furthering IGM’s growth prospects.
                                       At June 30, 2026, Power Financial and Canada Life, a subsidiary of Great West, held interests of 63.9% and 4.0%, respectively,
                                       in IGM’s common shares.

                                       GBL
                                       Power Financial Europe SA, a wholly owned subsidiary of Power Financial, and the Frère Group each hold a 50% interest in
                                       Parjointco. At June 30, 2026, Parjointco held a 35.1% indirect (48.6% of the voting rights) controlling interest in GBL, a
                                       European holding company listed on the Brussels Stock Exchange.
                                       GBL (EBR: GBLB), market capitalization of €10.3 billion at June 30, 2026, is an established investment holding company. As a
                                       leading and active investor in Europe, GBL is focused on long-term value creation with the support of a stable family
                                       shareholder base. GBL is focused on delivering meaningful growth by providing attractive returns to its shareholders through
                                       a combination of growth in its net asset value per share, a sustainable dividend and share buybacks.




                                           A  8                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


Alternative Asset Investment Platforms
Power Corporation continues to develop alternative asset investment platforms (investment platforms) that manage portfolios




                                                                                                                                        PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
in several alternative asset classes, principally in North America and Europe. The alternative asset investment platforms offer
alternative strategies to traditional long-term investment strategies. Traditional long-term investment strategies generally invest
in publicly traded shares and fixed income investments, whereas the alternative asset investment strategies include venture
capital, private equity, private credit as well as real estate and infrastructure. At June 30, 2026, the alternative asset investment
platforms had $71.0 billion of assets under management, including unfunded commitments (refer to the section “Other
Measures”).

S AG AR D
Sagard is a global multi-strategy alternative asset management firm active in venture capital, private equity, private credit and
real estate. Sagard delivers flexible capital, an entrepreneurial culture, and a global network of investors, commercial partners,
advisors, and value creation experts to its portfolio companies. Sagard also engages in private wealth management and holds
strategic interests in other alternative asset management businesses. The firm has offices in Canada, the U.S., Europe and the
Middle East. At June 30, 2026, Sagard had $66.7 billion of assets under management, including unfunded commitments.
The asset management business of Sagard is consolidated under Sagard Holdings Management Inc. (SHMI). The Corporation
held a 44.6% controlling interest in SHMI at June 30, 2026 (44.2% at December 31, 2025). Great West and GBL also held
interests of 10.8% and 4.1%, respectively, in SHMI at June 30, 2026 (11.0% and 4.9%, respectively, at December 31, 2025).

POWER S US TAINABLE
Power Sustainable is a sustainability-focused investment manager with offices in Canada and the U.S. Power Sustainable
finances companies and projects that aim for both competitive returns and positive sustainability outcomes, and offers
institutional investors exposure to alternative assets which aim to accelerate and scale sustainable solutions across multiple
industries. Power Sustainable invests in companies and projects that contribute to decarbonization, sustainable cities and
communities and resource efficiency, which are priorities shared by its global network of clients, asset owners, partners and
employees. Power Sustainable is currently comprised of four strategies: Power Sustainable Energy Infrastructure, Power
Sustainable Infrastructure Credit, Power Sustainable Lios (agri-food private equity) and Power Sustainable Decarb Private
Equity. At June 30, 2026, Power Sustainable had $4.3 billion of assets under management, including unfunded commitments.
The asset management business of Power Sustainable is consolidated under Power Sustainable Manager Inc. (PSM). The
Corporation held a 72.6% controlling interest in PSM at June 30, 2026 (73.0% at December 31, 2025). Great West also held an
interest of 20.3% in PSM at June 30, 2026 (20.4% at December 31, 2025).




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6   A  9
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       TABLE OF HOLDINGS
                                       At June 30, 2026, the Corporation’s main holdings were as follows:




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                                        % economic
                                       Holdings                                                                             interest          Nature of investment                   Accounting method
                                                                                         [1]
                                       Publicly traded operating companies
                                             Great West [2]                                                                      68.6         Controlling interest                   Consolidation
                                                   [3]
                                             IGM                                                                                 63.9         Controlling interest                   Consolidation
                                             GBL [4]                                                                             17.5         Joint control                          Equity method
                                       Alternative asset investment platforms
                                             Sagard
                                                SHMI [5]                                                                         44.6         Controlling interest                   Consolidation
                                                    BEX [6]                                                                      45.0         Controlling interest                   Consolidation
                                                    PEM                                                                        100.0          Controlling interest                   Consolidation
                                                    Unigestion                                                                 100.0          Controlling interest                   Consolidation
                                                    HalseyPoint                                                                  40.0         Joint control                          Equity method
                                                Wealthsimple [1, 7]                                                              19.8         Controlling interest                   Consolidation
                                                                        [1, 8]
                                                Portage Ventures I                                                               63.0         Controlling interest                   Consolidation
                                                Portage Ventures II [1, 9]                                                       12.4         Controlling interest                   Consolidation
                                                                          [10]
                                                Portage Ventures III                                                              2.4         Controlling interest                   Consolidation
                                                                          [11]
                                                Portage Ventures IV                                                               4.2         Controlling interest                   Consolidation
                                                Portage Capital Solutions [12]                                                   29.2         Controlling interest                   Consolidation
                                                                 [13]
                                                Sagard Funds                                                                 various          Investment                             Fair value through profit or loss
                                             Power Sustainable
                                                Power Sustainable Manager [14]                                                   72.6         Controlling interest                   Consolidation
                                                Power Sustainable Energy
                                                 Infrastructure Partnership [15]                                                 28.1         Controlling interest                   Consolidation
                                                Potentia                                                                       100.0          Controlling interest                   Consolidation
                                                Nautilus                                                                       100.0          Controlling interest                   Consolidation
                                                Decarbonization PE [15]                                                          39.5         Controlling interest                   Consolidation
                                       Other investments
                                             LMPG                                                                                49.6         Controlling interest                   Consolidation

                                       [1]    Investments held by the Corporation through Power Financial.
                                       [2]    IGM also held a 2.5% interest in Great West.
                                       [3]    Canada Life also held a 4.0% interest in IGM.
                                       [4]    Held through Parjointco, a jointly controlled corporation (50%). Parjointco held a controlling interest in GBL.
                                       [5]    Great West and GBL also held interests of 10.8% and 4.1%, respectively, in SHMI. During the first quarter of 2026, management of Sagard acquired an additional interest
                                              of 1.2%, on a fully diluted basis, in SHMI as part of its management co-investment program. At June 30, 2026, management of Sagard held a fully diluted interest of
                                              20.9% in SHMI. SHMI also has a long-term incentive program pursuant to which certain key members of management have received, or will receive in the future,
                                              compensation in the form of equity of SHMI vesting over a 5-year period. Refer to the section “Sagard and Power Sustainable” for information on the equity financing
                                              round completed in the first quarter of 2026 as part of the Unigestion transaction.
                                       [6]    The Corporation, through Sagard U.K. Management Ltd., a wholly owned subsidiary of SHMI, currently has an exercisable option to buy an additional 5.1% equity interest in BEX.
                                       [7]    Power Financial held an effective economic interest of 19.8% in Wealthsimple (based on undiluted outstanding equity) through direct and indirect ownership interests
                                              held via Portage Ventures I; IGM and Great West also held effective economic interests of 30.6% and 1.9%, respectively, in Wealthsimple. Refer to the section
                                              “Wealthsimple” in the section “Sagard and Power Sustainable”.
                                       [8]    Great West and IGM also held equal interests of 18.5% in Portage Ventures I.
                                       [9]    Power Financial held a 7.7% interest, Sagard held a 4.7% interest, and Great West and IGM also held equal interests of 7.7% in Portage Ventures II.
                                       [10] Great West and IGM also held interests of 9.0% and 4.0%, respectively, in Portage Ventures III.
                                       [11] Great West and IGM also held interests of 10.0% and 2.9%, respectively, in Portage Ventures IV.
                                       [12] Great West also held an interest of 27.9% in Portage Capital Solutions.
                                       [13] The Corporation held a non-controlling interest in various funds managed by SHMI. Great West and GBL also held investments in certain of these funds. Refer to the
                                            section “Asset Management Activities” in the section “Sagard and Power Sustainable” for a list of investments and the respective holdings.
                                       [14] At June 30, 2026, management of Power Sustainable held a 7.1% interest in PSM. Great West also held an interest of 20.3% in PSM. PSM also has a long-term incentive
                                            program pursuant to which certain key members of management have received, or will receive in the future, compensation in the form of equity of PSM vesting over a
                                            5-year period.
                                       [15] Great West also held a 12.9% interest in PSEIP and a 28.2% interest in Power Sustainable Decarb PE.




                                               A  10                                                P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS




                                                                                                                                                                                PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
SELECTED FINANCIAL INFORMATION
                                                                                                                                  Three months ended         Six months ended
                                                                                                          June 30,          March 31,       June 30,   June 30,      June 30,
(in millions of dollars; except per share and as otherwise noted)                                           2026                2026           2025      2026           2025

Net earnings [1]                                                                                               690               820           772      1,510         1,461
Adjusted net earnings [1, 2]                                                                                   974               905           883      1,879         1,670

Per share – basic [1]
   Net earnings                                                                                               1.10               1.29          1.20      2.39          2.27
                                [3]
   Adjusted net earnings                                                                                      1.55               1.43          1.38      2.98          2.60

Dividend declared (per participating share)                                                               0.6675             0.6675         0.6125     1.3350        1.2250
                   [4]
Dividend yield                                                                                                3.0%               4.0%          4.6%

Total consolidated assets (in billions)                                                                     1,019                930           868
                                                                                   [2]
Total consolidated assets under management and advisement (in billions)                                     1,624              1,450         1,307
Total consolidated assets and assets under administration [2] (in billions)                                 4,460              3,986         3,643

Adjusted net asset value [1, 2]                                                                           71,098             53,439         41,564
Participating shareholders’ equity                                                                        23,760             23,081         23,043

Per share [1]
   Adjusted net asset value [3]                                                                           112.94               84.54         64.76
                  [5]
   Book value                                                                                               37.74              36.52         35.90

Market capitalization [6]                                                                                 55,660             42,331         34,139

Share price (Subordinate Voting Shares)
   Ending                                                                                                   88.42              66.97         53.19      88.42         53.19
   High                                                                                                     90.70              74.50         54.20      90.70         54.20
   Low                                                                                                      67.04              62.50         47.05      62.50         41.88

Number of participating shares outstanding
   End of period                                                                                            629.5              632.1         641.8      629.5         641.8
   Average                                                                                                  630.2              634.1         642.1      632.1         642.6
[1] Attributable to participating shareholders.
[2] Non-IFRS financial measure. Refer to the section “Non-IFRS Financial Measures”.
[3] Non-IFRS ratio. Refer to the section “Non-IFRS Financial Measures”.
[4] Dividend yield is calculated as the annualized dividend per participating share based on the dividend declared during the reporting period divided by the share price of
    a Subordinate Voting Share at the end of the reporting period.
[5] Refer to the section “Other Measures”.
[6] Represents the closing price of a Subordinate Voting Share at the end of the applicable reporting period multiplied by the aggregate of Subordinate Voting Shares and
    Participating Preferred Shares outstanding.




                                      P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                               A  11
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       SUMMARY OF THE CONTRIBUTIONS TO POWER CORPORATION’S EARNINGS
                                                                                                                                                              Three months ended                            Six months ended




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                                                 June 30,            March 31,               June 30,            June 30,           June 30,
                                                                                                                                    2026                 2026                   2025                2026               2025

                                       Great West [1]                                                                                871                   851                   790              1,722              1,493
                                       IGM [1]                                                                                       211                   180                   158                391                307
                                       GBL                                                                                              (5)                  20                  (15)                15                 (12)
                                       Effect of consolidation - Great West and IGM [2]                                               (20)                  (12)                   (9)              (32)                (14)

                                       Publicly traded operating companies                                                         1,057                 1,039                   924              2,096              1,774

                                       Sagard and Power Sustainable                                                                    29                   (18)                  93                 11                127
                                       Corporate operations and Other [3, 4]                                                        (112)                 (116)                 (134)              (228)              (231)
                                       Adjusted net earnings [5, 6]                                                                  974                   905                   883              1,879              1,670
                                       Adjustments [7]                                                                              (284)                   (85)                (111)              (369)              (209)
                                       Net earnings [5]                                                                              690                   820                   772              1,510              1,461
                                       [1] Contribution based on earnings reported by Great West and IGM.
                                       [2] Refer to the detailed table in the section “Results of Power Corporation”.
                                       [3] In the first quarter of 2026, the Corporation modified its presentation; the contribution to net earnings and adjusted net earnings from the Corporation’s investment in
                                           LMPG, previously presented separately within Standalone businesses, is now presented within Corporate operations and Other. The comparatives have been reclassified
                                           to conform with the current presentation.
                                       [4] Includes the contribution to adjusted net earnings from the Corporation’s other investment activities, including the Corporation’s investment in LMPG, as well as corporate
                                           operations, which includes operating expenses, financing charges, depreciation, income taxes, and dividends on non-participating and perpetual preferred shares. Refer
                                           to the section “Corporate operations and Other“ below.
                                       [5] Attributable to participating shareholders.
                                       [6] Non-IFRS financial measure. Refer to the section “Non-IFRS Financial Measures”.
                                       [7] Refer to the detailed table of Adjustments in the section “Review of Segments and Operating Results”.




                                             A  12                                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


RESULTS OF POWER CORPORATION

This section presents:




                                                                                                                                          PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
  The “Consolidated Statements of Earnings in accordance with IFRS”; and
  The contributions to Power Corporation of its operating subsidiaries (Great West and IGM) and GBL, which are held
    through Power Financial, the contribution of the Corporation’s alternative asset investment platforms, as well as the
    contribution from the corporate operations and other to the net earnings and adjusted net earnings of Power
    Corporation. A discussion of the contributions of each of the reportable segments and other components follows in the
    section “Review of Segments and Operating Results”.
Adjusted net earnings is a non-IFRS financial measure. Refer to the section “Non-IFRS Financial Measures” for a description
and reconciliation of IFRS and non-IFRS financial measures.


BASIS OF PRESENTATION
IFRS Financial Measures and Presentation
The Interim Consolidated Financial Statements of the Corporation have been prepared in accordance with International
Accounting Standard 34 – Interim Financial Reporting (IAS 34), and are presented in Canadian dollars.
The financial statements of the Corporation include the consolidated results of Power Financial which include the results of
Great West, IGM, Wealthsimple and the Portage Ventures Funds, which are controlled by Power Financial. Power Financial’s
investment in GBL is held through Parjointco. Parjointco is a holding company jointly controlled by Power Financial and the
Frère Group, and is accounted for using the equity method.
The investment platforms manage and operate alternative asset investment funds in which third-party investors, the
Corporation and associated companies can participate. The Corporation controls a fund when it is exposed, or has rights, to
variable returns from its involvement with the fund and has the ability to affect those returns through its power to direct the
relevant activities of the fund. Management of the Corporation determines whether the Corporation is a principal or an agent
when the Corporation or its subsidiaries act as a fund manager and also invest in the fund. The Corporation determines that
it is a principal when it has sufficient capital invested and exposure to variability of returns generated as a result of the decisions
of the Corporation or its subsidiaries as a fund manager and considers the rights held by other investors, including their ability
to remove the fund manager.

Presentation of the Holding Company
The Corporation’s reportable segments include Great West, IGM Financial and GBL, which represent the Corporation’s
investments in publicly traded operating companies, as well as the holding company. These reportable segments, in addition
to the asset management activities, reflect Power Corporation’s management structure and internal financial reporting. The
Corporation evaluates its performance based on the operating segments’ contributions to earnings.
The holding company comprises the corporate activities of the Corporation and Power Financial, on a combined basis, and
presents the investment activities of the Corporation. The investment activities of the holding company, including the
investments in Great West, IGM and controlled entities within the alternative asset investment platforms, are presented using the
equity method. The holding company activities present the holding company’s assets and liabilities, including cash, investments,
debentures and non-participating shares. The discussions included in the sections “Financial Position” and “Cash Flows”
present the segmented balance sheets and cash flow statements of the holding company, which are presented in Note 20 of
the Interim Consolidated Financial Statements, and reconciliations of these statements are provided throughout this MD&A.




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6   A  13
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EARNINGS IN ACCORDANCE WITH IFRS
                                       Power Corporation’s consolidated statements of earnings for the three months and six months ended June 30, 2026 are
                                       presented below. The Corporation’s reportable segments include Great West, IGM and GBL, as well as the holding company.




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       These tables reflect the contributions to the net earnings attributable to Power Corporation’s participating shareholders from
                                       its reportable segments and Sagard and Power Sustainable, the Corporation’s alternative asset investment platforms, which
                                       include controlled and consolidated investment funds and investments, as well as the Corporation’s other investments.
                                       Consolidated Net Earnings – Three months ended
                                                                                                                                        Alternative asset
                                                                                                                                              investment
                                                                                                                                Holding    platforms and          Effect of                      Power Corporation
                                                                                     Great West            IGM         GBL     company           Other [1] consolidation [2]                  Consolidated net earnings
                                                                                                                                                                                          June 30,     March 31,      June 30,
                                                                                                                                                                                            2026           2026          2025
                                       Insurance service result
                                          Insurance revenue                              5,822               −           −             −                   −                   −           5,822         5,699            5,551
                                          Insurance service expenses                    (4,510)              −           −             −                   −                   −          (4,510)       (4,299)       (4,315)
                                          Net expenses from
                                            reinsurance contracts                         (401)              −           −             −                   −                   −             (401)        (438)           (379)
                                       Total insurance service result                      911               −           −             −                   −                   −              911          962             857
                                       Net investment result
                                         Net investment income (loss) [3]                5,168              18           −           29                 444                 (76)           5,583           707            3,544
                                         Net investment result from
                                            insurance activities [4]                    (4,775)              −           −             −                   −                   −          (4,775)          192        (2,850)
                                       Total net investment result                         393              18           −           29                 444                 (76)              808          899             694
                                       Fee income and other revenues                     2,116         1,052             −             −                608                 (64)           3,712         3,454            3,255
                                       Operating and
                                         administrative expenses                        (2,086)          (790)           −          (72)             (1,262)                 51           (4,159)       (3,449)       (3,496)
                                       Financing charges                                    (87)          (34)           −          (14)                 (74)                  2             (207)        (204)           (215)
                                       Earnings before investments in
                                        jointly controlled corporations
                                        and associates, and income taxes                 1,247            246            −          (57)               (284)                (87)           1,065         1,662            1,095
                                       Share of earnings (losses) of
                                        investments in jointly controlled
                                        corporations and associates                          16             86          (5)            −                267                 (40)              324          100             208
                                       Earnings before income taxes                      1,263            332           (5)         (57)                 (17)              (127)           1,389         1,762            1,303
                                       Income tax expense (recovery)                       162              69           −             −                  24                   −              255          348             113
                                       Net earnings                                      1,101            263           (5)         (57)                 (41)              (127)           1,134         1,414            1,190

                                       Attributable to
                                          Non-controlling interests                        436            106            −           36                  (26)              (127)              425          574             405
                                          Non-participating shareholders                      −              −           −           19                    −                   −                  19        20              13
                                          Participating shareholders of
                                            Power Corporation [2]                          665            157           (5)        (112)                 (15)                  −              690          820             772
                                                                                         1,101            263           (5)         (57)                 (41)              (127)           1,134         1,414            1,190
                                       [1] Alternative asset investment platforms and Other is comprised of the Corporation’s alternative asset investment platforms, which include consolidated investment funds,
                                           as well as the investment activities held through Power Financial including Portage Ventures I, Portage Ventures II and Wealthsimple, and the Corporation’s investment in
                                           LMPG.
                                       [2] The results presented for Great West and IGM are as reported by each. The Effect of consolidation includes the elimination of intercompany transactions and the
                                           application of the Corporation’s accounting method for investments under common ownership. The contribution from Great West, IGM, GBL and Alternative asset
                                           investment platforms and Other to net earnings attributable to participating shareholders of the Corporation includes the Effect of consolidation, and represents the
                                           contribution to the holding company.
                                       [3] Includes net investment income and changes in FVPL included in the net investment result on the consolidated statements of earnings.
                                       [4] Includes net finance income (expenses) from insurance contracts, net finance income (expenses) from reinsurance contracts and changes in investment contract liabilities.




                                             A  14                                                P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


Consolidated Net Earnings – Six months ended
                                                                                                              Alternative asset
                                                                                                                    investment




                                                                                                                                                                                         PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                      Holding    platforms and                 Effect of       Power Corporation
                                                    Great West               IGM           GBL       company           Other [1]        consolidation [2]   Consolidated net earnings
                                                                                                                                                               June 30,       June 30,
                                                                                                                                                                  2026           2025
Insurance service result
   Insurance revenue                                   11,521                  −             −                −                     −                 −        11,521         11,037
   Insurance service expenses                           (8,809)                −             −                −                     −                 −        (8,809)         (8,591)
   Net expenses from
     reinsurance contracts                                (839)                −             −                −                     −                 −          (839)           (809)
Total insurance service result                           1,873                 −             −                −                     −                 −         1,873           1,637
Net investment result
  Net investment income (loss) [3]                       5,598               28              −              52                 694                  (82)        6,290           7,419
  Net investment result from
     insurance activities [4]                           (4,583)                −             −                −                     −                 −        (4,583)         (6,023)
Total net investment result                              1,015               28              −              52                 694                  (82)        1,707           1,396
Fee income and other revenues                            4,156           2,057               −                −             1,078                 (125)         7,166           6,424
Operating and
  administrative expenses                               (4,025)         (1,475)              −           (135)             (2,081)                 108         (7,608)         (6,726)
Financing charges                                         (174)             (66)             −             (28)               (144)                   1          (411)           (433)
Earnings before investments in
 jointly controlled corporations
 and associates, and income taxes                        2,845              544              −           (111)                (453)                 (98)        2,727           2,298
Share of earnings (losses) of
 investments in jointly controlled
 corporations and associates                                 23             155             15                −                308                  (77)          424             323
Earnings before income taxes                             2,868              699             15           (111)                (145)               (175)         3,151           2,621
Income tax expense (recovery)                              433              151              −                −                 14                    5           603             309
Net earnings                                             2,435              548             15           (111)                (159)               (180)         2,548           2,312

Attributable to
   Non-controlling interests                               968              219              −              72                 (80)               (180)           999             825
   Non-participating shareholders                             −                −             −              39                      −                 −             39             26
   Participating shareholders of
     Power Corporation [2]                               1,467              329             15           (222)                 (79)                   −         1,510           1,461
                                                         2,435              548             15           (111)                (159)               (180)         2,548           2,312
[1] Alternative asset investment platforms and Other is comprised of the Corporation’s alternative asset investment platforms, which include consolidated investment funds, as
    well as the investment activities held through Power Financial including Portage Ventures I, Portage Ventures II and Wealthsimple, and the Corporation’s investment in LMPG.
[2] The results presented for Great West and IGM are as reported by each. The Effect of consolidation includes the elimination of intercompany transactions and the
    application of the Corporation’s accounting method for investments under common ownership. The contribution from Great West, IGM, GBL and Alternative asset
    investment platforms and Other to net earnings attributable to participating shareholders of the Corporation includes the Effect of consolidation, and represents the
    contribution to the holding company.
[3] Includes net investment income and changes in FVPL included in the net investment result on the consolidated statements of earnings.
[4] Includes net finance income (expenses) from insurance contracts, net finance income (expenses) from reinsurance contracts and changes in investment contract liabilities.



As a holding company, the Corporation evaluates the performance of each segment based on its contribution to net earnings
and adjusted net earnings attributable to participating shareholders. A discussion of the results of Great West, IGM and GBL
is provided in the section “Review of Segments and Operating Results” below.




                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                                          A  15
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       CONTRIBUTION TO NET EARNINGS AND ADJUSTED NET EARNINGS
                                       This section details the contribution to the net earnings and adjusted net earnings attributable to Power Corporation’s
                                       participating shareholders from Great West, IGM, GBL and Sagard and Power Sustainable, the Corporation’s alternative asset




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       investment platforms, which include the contribution from controlled and consolidated investments, and the corporate
                                       operations and other.
                                                                                                                                                               Three months ended                           Six months ended
                                                                                                                                    June 30,           March 31,              June 30,           June 30,           June 30,
                                                                                                                                       2026                2026                  2025               2026               2025

                                       Adjusted net earnings [1, 2]
                                       Great West [3]                                                                                   871                  851                  790             1,722              1,493
                                       IGM [3]                                                                                          211                  180                  158               391                307
                                       GBL                                                                                                (5)                  20                  (15)              15                 (12)
                                       Effect of consolidation - Great West and IGM [4]                                                 (20)                  (12)                  (9)             (32)                (14)
                                                                                                                                     1,057                 1,039                  924             2,096              1,774
                                       Sagard and Power Sustainable                                                                      29                   (18)                  93               11                127
                                       Corporate operations and Other [5]                                                              (112)                (116)                (134)             (228)              (231)
                                                                                                                                        974                  905                  883             1,879              1,670

                                       Adjustments [6]
                                       Great West [3]                                                                                  (159)                  (32)               (175)             (191)              (291)
                                       IGM [3]                                                                                          (44)                     −                  (4)             (44)                 (6)
                                       GBL                                                                                                 −                     −                   −                −                 22
                                       Effect of consolidation - Great West and IGM                                                     (37)                  (13)                  19              (50)                17
                                                                                                                                       (240)                  (45)               (160)             (285)              (258)
                                       Sagard and Power Sustainable                                                                     (16)                  (40)                  49              (56)                37
                                       Corporate operations and Other                                                                   (28)                    −                    −              (28)                12
                                                                                                                                       (284)                  (85)               (111)             (369)              (209)

                                       Net earnings [2]
                                       Great West [3]                                                                                   712                  819                  615             1,531              1,202
                                       IGM [3]                                                                                          167                  180                  154               347                301
                                       GBL [3]                                                                                            (5)                  20                  (15)              15                 10
                                       Effect of consolidation - Great West and IGM                                                     (57)                  (25)                  10              (82)                  3
                                                                                                                                        817                  994                  764             1,811              1,516
                                       Sagard and Power Sustainable                                                                      13                   (58)                142               (45)               164
                                       Corporate operations and Other [5]                                                              (140)                (116)                (134)             (256)              (219)
                                                                                                                                        690                  820                  772             1,510              1,461
                                       [1] Adjusted net earnings is a non-IFRS financial measure. Refer to the section “Non-IFRS Financial Measures”. For a reconciliation of Great West, IGM, Sagard and Power
                                           Sustainable, and Corporate operations and Other’s non-IFRS adjusted net earnings to their net earnings and the contribution to adjusted net earnings from GBL, refer to
                                           the sections “Great West”, “IGM Financial”, “GBL”, “Sagard and Power Sustainable”, and “Corporate operations and Other” in the section “Review of Segments and
                                           Operating Results” below which detail the contribution to net earnings and adjusted net earnings of each.
                                       [2] Attributable to participating shareholders.
                                       [3] Contribution to net and adjusted net earnings based on earnings reported by Great West and IGM. Contribution to net earnings based on earnings reported by GBL.
                                       [4] See the table below for details on Effect of consolidation.
                                       [5] Includes the contribution to net earnings and adjusted net earnings from the Corporation’s other investment activities, including the Corporation’s investment in LMPG,
                                           as well as corporate operations, which includes operating expenses, financing charges, depreciation, income taxes, and dividends on non-participating and perpetual
                                           preferred shares. Refer to the section “Corporate operations and Other“ below. Certain comparatives have been reclassified to conform with the current presentation.
                                       [6] See the section “Adjustments” below, including details on Effect of consolidation.



                                       Adjusted and Net Earnings Per Share
                                                                                                                                                               Three months ended                         Six months ended
                                                                                                                                    June 30,           March 31,              June 30,           June 30,           June 30,
                                                                                                                                      2026                 2026                  2025               2026               2025
                                       Earnings per share – basic [1]
                                       Adjusted net earnings                                                                           1.55                 1.43                 1.38              2.98               2.60
                                       Adjustments                                                                                    (0.45)               (0.14)               (0.18)            (0.59)              (0.33)
                                       Net earnings                                                                                    1.10                 1.29                 1.20              2.39               2.27
                                       [1] Attributable to participating shareholders.




                                             A  16                                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


EFFECT OF CONSOLIDATION
Effect of consolidation reflects:




                                                                                                                                                                                          PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
   The elimination of intercompany transactions; and
   The application of the Corporation’s accounting method for investments under common ownership to the reported net
      earnings of the publicly traded operating companies, which include:
         i)   An adjustment related to Great West’s investment in PSEIP, PSM and SHMI; and
         ii) An allocation of the results of the fintech portfolio, including Wealthsimple, the Portage Ventures Funds and
              Portage Capital Solutions, to the contributions from Great West and IGM based on their respective interest.
The following table summarizes the effect of consolidation on adjusted net earnings for Great West and IGM:
                                                                                                                        Three months ended                            Six months ended
                                                                                           June 30,            March 31,             June 30,              June 30,           June 30,
                                                                                              2026                 2026                 2025                  2026               2025

Great West                                                                                       (9)                   (5)                 5                  (14)                  −
IGM [1]                                                                                         (11)                   (7)               (14)                 (18)                 (14)
                                                                                                (20)                  (12)                (9)                 (32)                 (14)
[1] The second quarter of 2026 includes a charge of $18 million related to IGM’s share of the carried interest payable due to the increase in fair value of the investment held
    in Wealthsimple through a limited partnership managed by Sagard ($14 million in the second quarter of 2025).



                        Q2 2026 vs. Q2 2025 and Q1 2026                                                                       Year-to-date 2026 vs. 2025

Net earnings
$690 million or $1.10 per share, compared with $772 million or                               $1,510 million or $2.39 per share, compared with $1,461 million or
$1.20 per share in the corresponding period in 2025, a decrease                              $2.27 per share in the corresponding period in 2025, an increase
of 8.3% on a per share basis, and $820 million or $1.29 per share in                         of 5.3% on a per share basis.
the first quarter of 2026.

Adjusted net earnings
$974 million or $1.55 per share, compared with $883 million or                               $1,879 million or $2.98 per share, compared with $1,670 million or
$1.38 per share in the corresponding period in 2025, an increase                             $2.60 per share in the corresponding period in 2025, an increase
of 12.3% on a per share basis, and $905 million or $1.43 per share                           of 14.6% on a per share basis.
in the first quarter of 2026.

Contribution to net earnings and adjusted net earnings from Great West, IGM and GBL
Contribution to net earnings of $817 million, compared with                                  Contribution to net earnings of $1,811 million, compared with
$764 million in the corresponding period in 2025, an increase of                             $1,516 million in the corresponding period in 2025, an increase
6.9%, and $994 million in the first quarter of 2026.                                         of 19.5%.
Contribution to adjusted net earnings of $1,057 million, compared                            Contribution to adjusted net earnings of $2,096 million, compared
with $924 million in the corresponding period in 2025, an increase                           with $1,774 million in the corresponding period in 2025, an
of 14.4%, and $1,039 million in the first quarter of 2026.                                   increase of 18.2%.




                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                                           A  17
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       Main Drivers of Earnings
                                       NET EAR NINGS AND ADJU STED NET EAR NING S




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       The Corporation’s net earnings for the three-month period ended June 30, 2026 decreased by $82 million or 10.6% and
                                       adjusted net earnings increased by $91 million or 10.3% from the corresponding quarter in 2025:
                                         Great West: contribution to net earnings and adjusted net earnings increased by $97 million or 15.8% and by $81 million
                                           or 10.3%, respectively.
                                         IGM: contribution to net earnings and adjusted net earnings increased by $13 million or 8.4% and by $53 million or
                                           33.5%, respectively.
                                         GBL: contribution to net earnings and adjusted net earnings of negative $5 million, compared with a contribution to net
                                           earnings and adjusted net earnings of negative $15 million in the corresponding quarter in 2025.
                                         Sagard and Power Sustainable: net earnings (asset management and investing activities) include a positive contribution
                                           of $10 million from Sagard and a positive contribution of $3 million from Power Sustainable in the second quarter of
                                           2026, compared with a positive contribution of $106 million from Sagard and a positive contribution of $36 million from
                                           Power Sustainable in the corresponding quarter in 2025. The contribution to Sagard’s net earnings and adjusted net
                                           earnings in the second quarter of 2025 included a positive contribution of $98 million from investing activities, mainly
                                           related to fair value changes in the private equity portfolio. Adjusted net earnings (asset management and investing
                                           activities) include a positive contribution of $33 million from Sagard and a negative contribution of $4 million from Power
                                           Sustainable, compared with a positive contribution of $106 million from Sagard and a negative contribution of $13 million
                                           from Power Sustainable in the corresponding quarter in 2025.
                                       The Corporation’s net earnings for the six-month period ended June 30, 2026 increased by $49 million or 3.4% and adjusted
                                       net earnings increased by $209 million or 12.5% from the corresponding period in 2025:
                                         Great West: contribution to net earnings and adjusted net earnings increased by $329 million or 27.4% and by
                                           $229 million or 15.3%, respectively.
                                         IGM: contribution to net earnings and adjusted net earnings increased by $46 million or 15.3% and by $84 million or
                                           27.4%, respectively.
                                         GBL: contribution to net earnings and adjusted net earnings of $15 million, compared with a contribution to net earnings
                                           of $10 million and to adjusted net earnings of negative $12 million in the corresponding period in 2025.
                                         Sagard and Power Sustainable: net earnings (asset management and investing activities) include a positive contribution
                                           of $5 million from Sagard and a negative contribution of $50 million from Power Sustainable in the six-month period
                                           ended June 30, 2026, compared with a positive contribution of $143 million from Sagard and a positive contribution of
                                           $21 million from Power Sustainable in the corresponding period in 2025. Adjusted net earnings (asset management and
                                           investing activities) include a positive contribution of $28 million from Sagard and a negative contribution of $17 million
                                           from Power Sustainable, compared with a positive contribution of $143 million from Sagard and a negative contribution
                                           of $16 million from Power Sustainable in the corresponding period in 2025.

                                       A discussion of the results of Great West, IGM, GBL and Sagard and Power Sustainable is provided in the sections
                                       “Great West”, “IGM Financial”, “GBL” and “Sagard and Power Sustainable” in the section “Review of Segments and Operating
                                       Results” below.
                                       For additional discussion of the results of Great West and IGM, refer to Parts B and C, respectively, of this MD&A.




                                           A  18                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


REVIEW OF SEGMENTS AND OPERATIN G RESULTS




                                                                                                                                       PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
PUBLICLY TRADED OPERATING COMPANIES

Great West

OVER VIEW OF THE BUS INES S
Great West is a financial services holding company with interests in the life insurance, health insurance, retirement savings,
wealth and asset management and reinsurance businesses. Great West operates primarily in the U.S., Canada and Europe
under the brands Empower, Canada Life and Irish Life. For reporting purposes, Great West has four major reportable
segments: the United States, Canada, Europe, and Capital and Risk Solutions. Great West focuses on four key lines of business
that extend across its reportable operating segments: Retirement (serves the retirement needs of customers, primarily
through employer plan sponsor-enabled relationships); Wealth (advice-enabled wealth management solutions for retail
customers including retail savings and wealth products); Group Benefits (health and wellness benefits that are delivered at
scale primarily through employer plan sponsor-enabled relationships including Group Life & Health); and Insurance & Risk
Solutions (including life insurance, disability, and critical illness coverage for individuals, and payout annuities for individuals
and pension plans as well as reinsurance).
The United States segment is operated by Empower, a leading provider of employer-sponsored retirement savings plans in
the public/non-profit and corporate sectors. Empower consists of: Empower Workplace Solutions, which aligns with the
Retirement line of business, offering saving, investing and advisory services through employer-sponsored plans; and
Empower Personal Wealth, which aligns with the Wealth line of business, offering individual product solutions and providing
retail wealth management products and services to individuals, including individual retirement accounts and after-tax
investment accounts. The United States segment also includes an allocation of a portion of Great West’s Corporate results.
The Canada segment is operated by Canada Life, offering a broad portfolio of financial and benefit plan solutions for
individuals, families, businesses and organizations through four primary lines of business: Retirement, Wealth, Group Benefits
and Insurance & Annuities and includes an allocation of a portion of Great West’s Corporate results. Through the Retirement
line of business, Great West provides retirement savings, income and annuity products and other speciality products to group
clients in Canada. Through the Wealth line of business, Canada Life provides wealth savings and income products and
services to individual customers. Through the Group Benefits line of business, Canada Life provides life, accidental death and
dismemberment, critical illness, disability, health and dental protection and creditor insurance to group clients in Canada.
The Insurance & Annuities line of business offers individual life, disability and critical illness insurance products and services,
as well as individual life annuities to individual customers.
The Europe segment comprises four distinct lines of business: Retirement, Wealth, Group Benefits and Insurance & Annuities.
The Europe segment operates under the Canada Life brand in the U.K. and Germany and under the Irish Life brand in Ireland
along with other acquired brands within the intermediary and wealth markets in Ireland and includes an allocation of a portion
of Great West’s Corporate results. The Retirement line of business includes group pensions business in Ireland, and the Group
Benefits line of business consists of group life and health insurance business in the U.K. and Ireland. The Wealth line of
business consists of investment products offered in the U.K., pension, savings and investment products offered in Ireland and
pension products offered in Germany. The Insurance & Annuities line of business consists of bulk and individual payout
annuities offered in the U.K. and Ireland, equity-release mortgages offered in the U.K., and individual protection insurance
offered in Ireland and Germany.
The Capital and Risk Solutions segment includes Great West’s reinsurance business under the Insurance & Risk Solutions line
of business, which operates primarily in the U.S., Barbados, Bermuda and Ireland, and includes an allocation of a portion of
Great West’s Corporate results. Reinsurance products are provided through Canada Life and its subsidiaries and include both
reinsurance and retrocession business transacted directly with clients or through reinsurance brokers.
The Corporate segment includes operating results for activities of Great West that are not associated with the major business
units, including certain overhead expenses, earnings on surplus, financing charges and related taxes not directly associated
with the operations of the major business units, the results of PanAgora, dividend income from shareholdings in Franklin
Templeton, and the results of the U.S. legacy insurance portfolio including a retained block of life insurance, predominately
participating policies, which are now administered by Protective Life Insurance Company, as well as a closed life retrocession
block and guaranteed lifetime withdrawal benefit (GLWB) products.
See Part B of this MD&A for additional information on Great West.




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6   A  19
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       2026 DEVELOPMENTS
                                       Great West Normal Course Issuer Bid: Great West renewed its NCIB commencing January 6, 2026 and terminating January 5,
                                       2027, to purchase for cancellation up to, but not more than 20 million of its common shares at market prices. The current




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       NCIB continues to permit Great West to purchase its shares from Power Financial, a subsidiary of the Corporation, and certain
                                       of Power Financial’s wholly owned subsidiaries in connection with the NCIB, in order for Power Financial to maintain its
                                       approximate proportionate percentage ownership in Great West. In the six-month period ended June 30, 2026, Great West
                                       repurchased and subsequently cancelled approximately 13.4 million common shares under its NCIB at an average cost per
                                       share of $69.06.
                                       On July 28, 2026, subsequent to quarter-end, Great West announced an amendment to its current NCIB to increase the
                                       maximum number of common shares that may be repurchased from 20 million common shares to 40 million common shares.
                                       The amendment is expected to become effective on July 31, 2026. The amended NCIB continues to permit Great West to
                                       purchase its shares from Power Financial in order for Power Financial to maintain its approximate proportionate percentage
                                       ownership in Great West. For additional information, refer to the section “Consolidated Financial Position – Great West Capital
                                       Structure” in Part B of this MD&A.
                                       Empower: During the first quarter of 2026, Empower announced a strategic partnership with Blackstone Inc., one of the
                                       world’s largest alternative asset managers, to expand access to private markets within defined contribution plans. The
                                       program enables plan participants to gain exposure to private equity, private credit, private infrastructure, and private real
                                       estate through collective investment trust (CIT) structures, with a focus on enhancing diversification and long-term return
                                       potential.
                                       Santé Circle Health: On May 19, 2026, Canada Life announced the acquisition of Santé Circle Health, a provider of disability
                                       management and occupational health services. Santé Circle Health is recognized for its capabilities in early intervention,
                                       provider management and digital intake, supporting timely recovery and return-to-work outcomes. This acquisition supports
                                       Canada Life’s strategy to be the leading provider of early intervention disability management solutions and supporting
                                       members, employers, and health systems in finding care, receiving treatment and optimizing return-to-work outcomes.
                                       Retirement Plan and Benefits Administration Business of Milliman, Inc. (Milliman): On June 30, 2026, Empower entered into
                                       an agreement to acquire the retirement plan and benefits administration business of Milliman for approximately
                                       US$340 million. The transaction will add specialized defined benefit administrative expertise and capabilities to Empower’s
                                       existing retirement, wealth management, stock plan and consumer-directed healthcare offerings, creating a more
                                       comprehensive suite of workplace financial solutions for employers, plan sponsors, advisors and individual investors.
                                       The acquisition is expected to add approximately 1.5 million plan participants and US$130 billion in client assets at closing.
                                       The purchase consideration will be funded with existing cash resources, with a portion payable over the subsequent five years.
                                       Empower expects to incur integration costs of approximately US$50 million. The transaction is expected to close in the second
                                       half of 2026, subject to customary regulatory approvals and closing conditions.

                                       R ES U LTS
                                       Contribution to Power Corporation
                                                                                                                                                   Three months ended                           Six months ended
                                                                                                                           June 30,          March 31,            June 30,           June 30,           June 30,
                                                                                                                             2026                2026                2025               2026               2025
                                       Average direct ownership (%)                                                           68.6                68.7               68.7              68.6               68.5
                                       Contribution to earnings
                                         Net earnings                                                                          665                802                 627             1,467              1,207
                                         Adjusted net earnings                                                                 862                846                 795             1,708              1,493

                                       Dividend received                                                                                                                                826                775

                                                                                                                                                                                     June 30,      December 31,
                                       As at                                                                                                                                            2026             2025
                                       Contribution to holding company balance sheets
                                         Investment in Great West, carrying value                                                                                                    18,003             17,237
                                         % of total holding company assets                                                                                                             59.5               58.4

                                         Investment in Great West, fair value                                                                                                        55,436             42,147
                                         % of total holding company assets, at fair value                                                                                              71.6               69.2




                                               A  20                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


Reconciliation of contribution to net earnings and adjusted net earnings of Power Corporation
                                                                                                                             Three months ended                         Six months ended




                                                                                                                                                                                               PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                   June 30,           March 31,         June 30,             June 30,            June 30,
                                                                                                      2026                2026             2025                 2026                2025

Contribution to Power Corporation's:
  Adjusted net earnings
     As reported by Great West                                                                         871                  851            790                 1,722              1,493
     Effect of consolidation [1]                                                                          (9)                 (5)             5                   (14)                  −
                                                                                                       862                  846            795                 1,708              1,493
   Adjustments
     As reported by Great West                                                                        (159)                 (32)           (175)                (191)               (291)
     Effect of consolidation [2]                                                                        (38)                (12)              7                   (50)                  5
                                                                                                      (197)                 (44)           (168)                (241)               (286)
   Net earnings                                                                                        665                  802            627                 1,467              1,207
[1] The Effect of consolidation includes the elimination of intercompany transactions and the application of the Corporation’s accounting method for investments under
    common ownership including an adjustment for Great West’s investment in PSEIP, PSM and SHMI and an allocation of the results of the fintech portfolio.
[2] Refer to the section “Adjustments” for details of Effect of consolidation.



Adjusted and net earnings per share as reported by Great West
                                                                                                                               Three months ended                     Six months ended
                                                                                                     June 30,          March 31,         June 30,             June 30,           June 30,
                                                                                                       2026                2026             2025                 2026               2025

Adjusted net earnings [1, 2]                                                                            1.42                1.37            1.24                 2.79               2.35
                 [3]
Adjustments                                                                                            (0.26)              (0.05)          (0.28)               (0.31)             (0.46)
Net earnings [1]                                                                                        1.16                1.32            0.96                 2.48               1.89
[1] Attributable to Great West common shareholders.
[2] Defined as “base earnings per common share” by Great West, a non-IFRS ratio; refer to the section “Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios” in Part B of this MD&A.
[3] See the section “Adjustments” below.

Contribution to adjusted and net earnings by segments as reported by Great West
                                                                                                                               Three months ended                       Six months ended
                                                                                                    June 30,           March 31,         June 30,             June 30,           June 30,
                                                                                                      2026                 2026             2025                 2026               2025

Adjusted net earnings [1, 2]
   United States                                                                                        458                  430            341                  888                 706
   Canada                                                                                               341                  352            375                  693                 691
   Europe                                                                                               266                  273            262                  539                 501
   Capital and Risk Solutions                                                                           310                  300            229                  610                 442
   Corporate                                                                                           (105)                (116)            (58)               (221)               (161)
                                                                                                      1,270               1,239           1,149                2,509              2,179
Adjustments [3]
   Market experience relative to expectations [4]                                                      (168)                  16           (104)                (152)               (195)
                                                                    [4]
   Assumption changes and management actions                                                             (23)                   3             (3)                 (20)               (35)
   Business transformation and other impacts [4]                                                           (6)               (32)          (121)                  (38)              (131)
   Amortization of acquisition-related finite life intangible assets                                     (34)                (34)            (38)                 (68)               (75)
   Tax legislative changes and other tax impacts                                                           −                    −            11                     −                 11
                                                                                                       (231)                 (47)          (255)                (278)               (425)
Net earnings [1]
   United States                                                                                        404                  352            305                  756                 643
   Canada                                                                                               310                  356            255                  666                 556
   Europe                                                                                               163                  255            126                  418                 293
   Capital and Risk Solutions                                                                           305                  353            194                  658                 378
   Corporate                                                                                           (143)                (124)            14                 (267)               (116)
                                                                                                      1,039               1,192             894                2,231              1,754
[1] Attributable to Great West common shareholders.
[2] Defined as “base earnings (loss)” by Great West, a non-IFRS financial measure; refer to Part B of this MD&A for additional details including a definition and reconciliation by segment.
[3] See the section “Adjustments” below. Described as “items excluded from base earnings” by Great West; refer to Part B of this MD&A.
[4] Refer to Part B of this MD&A for more details, including a definition of these Adjustments.


                                      P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                                          A  21
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                                         Q2 2026 vs. Q2 2025 and Q1 2026                                                              Year-to-date 2026 vs. 2025

                                       Net earnings
                                       $1,039 million or $1.16 per share, compared with $894 million or




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                                      $2,231 million or $2.48 per share, compared with $1,754 million or
                                       $0.96 per share in the corresponding period in 2025, an increase               $1.89 per share in the corresponding period in 2025, an increase
                                       of 20.8% on a per share basis, and $1,192 million or $1.32 per                 of 31.2% on a per share basis.
                                       share in the first quarter of 2026.

                                       Adjusted net earnings
                                       $1,270 million or $1.42 per share, compared with $1,149 million or             $2,509 million or $2.79 per share, compared with $2,179 million or
                                       $1.24 per share in the corresponding period in 2025, an increase               $2.35 per share in the corresponding period in 2025, an increase
                                       of 14.5% on a per share basis, and $1,239 million or $1.37 per                 of 18.7% on a per share basis.
                                       share in the first quarter of 2026.


                                       UNITED STATES
                                       Net earnings in the three-month period ended June 30, 2026 increased by US$71 million (C$99 million) to US$293 million
                                       (C$404 million), compared with the corresponding quarter in 2025. Adjusted net earnings were US$332 million
                                       (C$458 million) in the three-month period ended June 30, 2026, an increase of US$85 million (C$117 million), compared with
                                       the corresponding quarter in 2025, primarily due to:
                                         Higher fee and spread income driven by higher asset levels from market-driven growth and business growth in both the
                                           Retirement and Wealth businesses; and
                                         Lower credit-related impacts in both the Retirement and Wealth businesses in the current quarter compared with the prior year;
                                         Partially offset by higher operating expenses incurred to support the growth in both the Retirement and Wealth businesses.
                                       Adjusted net earnings in the three-month period ended June 30, 2026 excluded Adjustments of negative US$39 million
                                       (C$54 million), compared with negative US$25 million (C$36 million) in the corresponding quarter in 2025. The increase in
                                       negative Adjustments was primarily due to unfavourable market experience relative to expectations within real estate and other
                                       non-fixed income asset impacts, and higher restructuring expenses related to creating operational efficiencies.
                                       Net earnings in the six-month period ended June 30, 2026 increased by US$91 million (C$113 million) to US$550 million
                                       (C$756 million), compared with the corresponding period in 2025. Adjusted net earnings were US$646 million
                                       (C$888 million) in the six-month period ended June 30, 2026, an increase of US$144 million (C$182 million), compared with
                                       the corresponding period in 2025, primarily due to the same reasons explained in the three-month period above.
                                       Adjusted net earnings in the six-month period ended June 30, 2026 excluded Adjustments of negative US$96 million
                                       (C$132 million), compared with negative US$43 million (C$63 million) in the corresponding period in 2025. The increase in
                                       negative Adjustments was primarily due to similar factors explained in the three-month period above.
                                       CANADA
                                       Net earnings in the three-month period ended June 30, 2026 increased by $55 million to $310 million, compared with the
                                       corresponding quarter in 2025. Adjusted net earnings in the three-month period ended June 30, 2026 were $341 million, a
                                       decrease of $34 million compared with the corresponding quarter in 2025, primarily due to:
                                         Less favourable Group Benefits experience, primarily long-term disability; and
                                         Unfavourable morbidity experience in the Insurance & Annuities business;
                                         Partially offset by an increase from higher client assets primarily driven by market growth in both the Retirement and Wealth
                                           businesses.
                                       Adjusted net earnings in the three-month period ended June 30, 2026 excluded Adjustments of negative $31 million,
                                       compared with Adjustments of negative $120 million in the corresponding quarter in 2025, including market experience
                                       relative to expectations of negative $24 million, compared with positive $25 million in the corresponding quarter in 2025. The
                                       decrease in negative Adjustments was primarily due to the non-recurrence of a restructuring provision recorded in the prior
                                       year, partially offset by unfavourable interest rate movements and lower credit spread impacts.
                                       Net earnings in the six-month period ended June 30, 2026 increased by $110 million to $666 million, compared with the
                                       corresponding period in 2025. Adjusted net earnings in the six-month period ended June 30, 2026 were $693 million, an
                                       increase of $2 million compared with the corresponding period in 2025, primarily due to:
                                         An increase from higher client assets primarily driven by market growth in both the Retirement and Wealth businesses; and
                                         Improved mortality experience and improved investment results, partially offset by unfavourable morbidity results and
                                           lower contractual service margin (CSM) recognized for services provided in the Insurance & Annuities business;
                                         Partially offset by less favourable Group Benefits experience, primarily long-term disability.
                                       Adjusted net earnings in the six-month period ended June 30, 2026 excluded Adjustments of negative $27 million, compared
                                       with Adjustments of negative $135 million in the corresponding period in 2025, including market experience relative to
                                       expectations of negative $13 million, compared with positive $15 million in the corresponding period in 2025. The decrease
                                       in negative Adjustments was primarily due to similar reasons explained in the three-month period above, as well as favourable
                                       public equity market impacts.


                                           A  22                                     P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


EUROPE
Net earnings in the three-month period ended June 30, 2026 increased by $37 million to $163 million, compared with the
corresponding quarter in 2025. Adjusted net earnings in the three-month period ended June 30, 2026 were $266 million, an




                                                                                                                                    PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
increase of $4 million compared with the corresponding quarter in 2025, primarily due to:
  Favourable protection and pooling experience in the U.K. and health experience in Ireland in the Group Benefits
    business, partially offset by less favourable mortality experience in Ireland.
 Partially offset by:
  A net decrease due to a tax release in the prior year and timing differences in the U.K. Wealth transition, partially offset
    by favourable net fee and spread income from strong net asset flows and market growth in both the Retirement and
    Wealth businesses; and
  Lower trading gains and lower expected investment earnings, partially offset by business growth in the Insurance &
    Annuities business.
Adjusted net earnings in the three-month period ended June 30, 2026 excluded Adjustments of negative $103 million,
compared with Adjustments of negative $136 million in the corresponding quarter in 2025. The decrease in negative
Adjustments was primarily due to improved market experience relative to expectations compared with the prior year.
Net earnings in the six-month period ended June 30, 2026 increased by $125 million to $418 million, compared with the
corresponding period in 2025. Adjusted net earnings in the six-month period ended June 30, 2026 were $539 million, an
increase of $38 million compared with the corresponding period in 2025, primarily due to:
  Favourable net fee and spread income from strong net asset flows and market growth in both the Retirement and Wealth
    businesses;
  Favourable protection and pooling experience in the U.K. and health experience in Ireland in the Group Benefits
    business, partially offset by less favourable mortality experience in Ireland; and
  An increase due to business growth, partially offset by lower trading gains and lower expected investment earnings in the
    Insurance & Annuities business.
Adjusted net earnings in the six-month period ended June 30, 2026 excluded Adjustments of negative $121 million,
compared with Adjustments of negative $208 million in the corresponding period in 2025. The decrease in negative
Adjustments was primarily due to improved market experience.

CAPITAL AND RISK SOLUTIONS
Net earnings in the three-month period ended June 30, 2026 increased by $111 million to $305 million, compared with the
corresponding quarter in 2025. Adjusted net earnings in the three-month period ended June 30, 2026 were $310 million, an
increase of $81 million compared with the corresponding quarter in 2025, due to Capital Solutions new business growth.
Adjusted net earnings in the three-month period ended June 30, 2026 excluded Adjustments of negative $5 million,
compared with Adjustments of negative $35 million in the corresponding quarter in 2025, primarily due to improved market
experience relative to expectations from changes to interest rates compared with the prior year.
Net earnings in the six-month period ended June 30, 2026 increased by $280 million to $658 million, compared with the
corresponding period in 2025. Adjusted net earnings in the six-month period ended June 30, 2026 were $610 million, an
increase of $168 million compared with the corresponding period in 2025, primarily due to Capital Solutions new business
growth and favourable Risk Solutions experience.
Adjusted net earnings in the six-month period ended June 30, 2026 excluded Adjustments of positive $48 million, compared
with Adjustments of negative $64 million in the corresponding period in 2025, primarily due to the positive impact from a
management action relating to the U.S. life business in the first quarter of 2026, and improved market experience relative to
expectations from changes to interest rates compared with the corresponding period in 2025. For additional information,
refer to the section “Assumption Changes and Management Actions” in Part B of this MD&A.




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6   A  23
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       ADJUSTMENTS
                                       Adjustments are items excluded from net earnings in the determination of adjusted net earnings by Great West’s
                                       management. Refer to the further discussion above in each of Great West’s operating segments.




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       In the first and second quarters of 2026, Adjustments with a net negative earnings impact of $278 million after tax consisted of:
                                          In the second quarter of 2026, Adjustments were a net negative impact of $231 million, which consisted of market
                                             experience relative to expectations of negative $168 million after tax (negative $222 million pre-tax), amortization of
                                             acquisition-related finite life intangibles of negative $34 million after tax (negative $47 million pre-tax), assumption changes
                                             and management actions of negative $23 million after tax (negative $25 million pre-tax), and business transformation and
                                             other impacts of negative $6 million after tax (negative $9 million pre-tax).
                                          In the first quarter of 2026, Adjustments were a net negative impact of $47 million, which consisted of market experience
                                             relative to expectations of positive $16 million after tax (positive $30 million pre-tax), and assumption changes and
                                             management actions of positive $3 million after tax (positive $1 million pre-tax), offset by amortization of acquisition-
                                             related finite life intangibles of negative $34 million after tax (negative $45 million pre-tax), business transformation and
                                             other impacts of negative $32 million after tax (negative $42 million pre-tax), and tax legislative changes and other tax
                                             impacts of nil after tax (positive $5 million pre-tax).
                                       In the first and second quarters of 2025, Adjustments with a net negative earnings impact of $425 million after tax consisted of:
                                          In the second quarter of 2025, Adjustments were a net negative impact of $255 million, which consisted of business
                                             transformation and other impacts [1] of negative $121 million after tax (negative $181 million pre-tax), market experience
                                             relative to expectations of negative $104 million after tax (negative $116 million pre-tax), amortization of acquisition-
                                             related finite life intangibles of negative $38 million after tax (negative $51 million pre-tax), and assumption changes and
                                             management actions of negative $3 million after tax (negative $5 million pre-tax), partially offset by a positive impact from
                                             tax legislative changes and other tax impacts of $11 million. 1
                                          In the first quarter of 2025, Adjustments were a net negative impact of $170 million, which consisted of market experience
                                             relative to expectations of negative $91 million after tax (negative $113 million pre-tax), amortization of acquisition-related
                                             finite life intangibles of negative $37 million after tax (negative $51 million pre-tax), assumption changes and management
                                             actions of negative $32 million after tax (negative $42 million pre-tax), and business transformation and other impacts of
                                             negative $10 million after tax (negative $13 million pre-tax).

                                       The information above has been derived from Great West’s interim and most recent annual MD&A; see Part B of this MD&A
                                       for additional information on Great West’s interim results. Great West’s interim and most recent annual MD&A are available
                                       under its profile on SEDAR+ (www.sedarplus.ca).




                                       [1] Includes the provision releases related to unclaimed deposits from current and former shareholders related to the 2003 acquisition of Canada Life Financial Corporation,
                                           recorded in the Corporate segment in the second quarter of 2025.


                                             A  24                                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


IGM Financial

OVER VIEW OF THE BUS INES S




                                                                                                                                     PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
IGM is a leading wealth and asset management company supporting advisors and the clients they serve in Canada, and
institutional investors globally. IGM’s core business is comprised of wealth manager IG Wealth Management and asset
manager Mackenzie Investments. IGM also holds a number of strategic investments that provide benefits to the operating
subsidiaries while furthering IGM’s growth prospects. IGM has three reportable segments: Wealth Management, Asset
Management, and Corporate and Other.
The Wealth Management segment reflects the activities of its core business and strategic investments that are principally
focused on providing financial planning and related services to retail client households. This segment includes the activities
of IG Wealth Management, a retail distribution organization that serves Canadian households through its investment dealer
and other subsidiaries licensed to distribute financial products and services. IG Wealth Management provides clients with
personalized advice, comprehensive financial planning, insurance and mortgage services and professionally managed
investment solutions. IG Wealth Management distinguishes itself from its competition by offering comprehensive planning to
its clients that synchronizes their financial lives. This segment also includes the investment management activities of these
organizations, including mutual fund management and discretionary portfolio management services, as well as IGM’s
strategic investments in Rockefeller (classified as an investment in an associate) and Wealthsimple (classified by IGM as an
investment at FVOCI).
The Asset Management segment reflects the activities of its core business and strategic investments primarily focused on
providing investment management services. This segment includes the operations of Mackenzie Investments which provides
investment management services to a suite of investment funds that are distributed through third-party dealers and financial
advisors, and through institutional advisory mandates to financial institutions, pensions and other institutional investors.
Mackenzie Investments is a diversified asset management solutions provider and provides investment management and
related services with a wide range of investment mandates through a boutique structure and multiple distribution channels.
Mackenzie seeks to be Canada’s preferred global asset management solutions provider and business partner. This segment
also includes IGM’s strategic investments in ChinaAMC and Northleaf, which are classified as investments in associates.
The Corporate and Other segment primarily represents the investments made by IGM in Great West and the Portage Ventures
Funds (refer to the section “Sagard and Power Sustainable”), IGM’s unallocated capital, as well as consolidation elimination
entries.
See Part C of this MD&A for additional information on IGM.

2026 DEVELOPMENTS
IGM Normal Course Issuer Bid: IGM commenced an NCIB on December 23, 2025 to purchase for cancellation up to
11.8 million of its common shares. The program will be used to mitigate the dilutive effect of stock options issued under its
stock option plan and for other capital management purposes. In the six-month period ended June 30, 2026, IGM
repurchased and subsequently cancelled approximately 5.5 million common shares under its NCIB at a cost of $386 million.
Multi-year Initiative to Further Simplify IGM’s Organization: In the second quarter of 2026, IGM recognized restructuring and
other charges of $70 million after tax ($95 million pre-tax), related to actions taken to simplify IGM’s organizational structure
and operating model, and to improve efficiency. These actions are intended to create capacity for IGM to further invest in
artificial intelligence (AI) capabilities. The initiatives include organizational structure changes, consolidation of certain team
structures and streamlined workflows. The charge is primarily severance and also includes other costs associated with these
activities.

SUBSEQUENT EVENT
Northleaf: Subsequent to June 30, 2026, pursuant to the 2020 Northleaf transaction and related rights and obligations, IGM
completed a series of transactions that aligned its voting rights and economic interests and increased its ownership in
Northleaf by 4.9%, net of non-controlling interests (which includes the interest of Great West), to 60.9%, for cash consideration
of $43 million. As a result of the transactions, IGM will consolidate Northleaf effective July 1, 2026 and recognize a non-cash
accounting gain in the third quarter of approximately $187 million, or $149 million net of non-controlling interests.
Northleaf is a global private equity, private credit and infrastructure investment firm with more than $37 billion in assets under
management, reflecting commitments raised to date from more than 375 institutional and family office investors and a
growing number of wealth, asset management and insurance partners. Northleaf sources, evaluates and manages private
markets investments, with a focus on mid-market companies and assets. Northleaf’s 320-person team is located across offices
in Canada, the U.S., the U.K., Australia, South Korea and Japan.




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6   A  25
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       R ES U LTS
                                       Contribution to Power Corporation




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                                                                               Three months ended                            Six months ended
                                                                                                                                     June 30,           March 31,             June 30,            June 30,           June 30,
                                                                                                                                       2026                 2026                 2025                2026               2025
                                       Average direct ownership (%)                                                                     63.9                 63.4                62.7               63.6                62.6
                                       Contribution to earnings
                                         Net earnings                                                                                    157                  172                 152                329                299
                                         Adjusted net earnings                                                                           200                  173                 144                373                293

                                       Dividend received                                                                                                                                             175                166

                                                                                                                                                                                                  June 30,      December 31,
                                       As at                                                                                                                                                         2026             2025
                                       Contribution to holding company balance sheets
                                         Investment in IGM, carrying value                                                                                                                         4,441              4,337
                                         % of total holding company assets                                                                                                                          14.7                14.7


                                          Investment in IGM, fair value                                                                                                                           11,713              9,144
                                          % of total holding company assets, at fair value                                                                                                          15.1                15.0


                                       Reconciliation of contribution to net earnings and adjusted net earnings of Power Corporation
                                                                                                                                                                 Three months ended                          Six months ended
                                                                                                                                     June 30,            March 31,             June 30,           June 30,           June 30,
                                                                                                                                        2026                 2026                 2025               2026               2025

                                       Contribution to Power Corporation’s:
                                         Adjusted net earnings
                                            As reported by IGM [1]                                                                       211                   180                  158               391               307
                                            Effect of consolidation [2]                                                                   (11)                   (7)                (14)              (18)               (14)
                                                                                                                                         200                   173                  144               373               293
                                          Adjustments
                                            As reported by IGM                                                                            (44)                    −                   (4)             (44)                (6)
                                            Effect of consolidation [3]                                                                      1                   (1)                 12                 −                12
                                                                                                                                          (43)                   (1)                   8              (44)                 6
                                          Net earnings                                                                                   157                   172                  152               329               299

                                       [1] Based on adjusted net earnings available to IGM common shareholders.
                                       [2] The Effect of consolidation includes the elimination of intercompany transactions and the application of the Corporation’s accounting method for investments under
                                           common ownership including an allocation of the results of the fintech portfolio.
                                       [3] Refer to the section “Adjustments” for details of Effect of consolidation.




                                               A  26                                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




Adjusted and net earnings per share as reported by IGM




                                                                                                                                                                                        PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                                           Three months ended                     Six months ended
                                                                                                June 30,           March 31,           June 30,            June 30,         June 30,
                                                                                                  2026                 2026               2025                2026             2025
Adjusted net earnings [1, 2]                                                                       1.41                 1.21              1.07               2.62              2.06
Adjustments [3, 4]                                                                                (0.29)               (0.01)            (0.03)             (0.30)            (0.04)
Net earnings [1, 5]                                                                                1.12                 1.20              1.04               2.32              2.02
[1] Available to IGM common shareholders.
[2] Adjusted net earnings per share is a non-IFRS ratio; refer to the section “Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures” in Part C of this MD&A.
[3] See the section “Adjustments” below.
[4] Described as “Other items” by IGM; refer to Part C of this MD&A.
[5] Diluted earnings per share.


Contribution to adjusted net earnings by segments and net earnings as reported by IGM
                                                                                                                           Three months ended                       Six months ended
                                                                                                June 30,           March 31,            June 30,           June 30,         June 30,
                                                                                                  2026                 2026                2025               2026             2025
Wealth Management [1]                                                                               174                  156               131                330              255
Asset Management [1]                                                                                121                    94               92                215              179
Corporate and Other [1]                                                                               35                   34               30                 69                57
Adjusted net earnings [2, 3]                                                                        330                  284               253                614              491
Adjustments [3, 4]                                                                                   (69)                   −                (6)              (69)               (10)
Net earnings [2]                                                                                    261                  284               247                545              481
[1] Debt and interest expense is allocated to each segment based on IGM’s assessment of: i) capacity to service the debt, and ii) where the debt is being serviced.
[2] Available to IGM common shareholders.
[3] Adjusted net earnings is a non-IFRS financial measure; refer to Part C of this MD&A for additional details including a definition and reconciliation. IGM does not allocate
    Adjustments to segments.
[4] Described as “Other items” by IGM; refer to Part C of this MD&A.


                        Q2 2026 vs. Q2 2025 and Q1 2026                                                                        Year-to-date 2026 vs 2025

Net earnings
$261 million or $1.12 per share, compared with $247 million or                               $545 million or $2.32 per share, compared with $481 million or
$1.04 per share in the corresponding period in 2025, an increase                             $2.02 per share in the corresponding period in 2025, an increase
of 7.7% on a per share basis, and $284 million or $1.20 per share                            of 14.9% on a per share basis.
in the first quarter of 2026.
Adjusted net earnings
$330 million or $1.41 per share, compared with $253 million or                               $614 million or $2.62 per share, compared with $491 million or
$1.07 per share in the corresponding period in 2025, an increase                             $2.06 per share in the corresponding period in 2025, an increase
of 31.8% on a per share basis, and $284 million or $1.21 per share                           of 27.2% on a per share basis.
in the first quarter of 2026.




                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                                         A  27
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       Adjusted net earnings exclude Adjustments of a negative earnings impact of $69 million in the six-month period ended June 30,
                                       2026, compared with Adjustments of a negative earnings impact of $10 million in the corresponding period in 2025. These
                                       Adjustments are not allocated to segments. The following is a summary of each segment’s net earnings and adjusted net earnings:




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       WEALTH MANAGEMENT
                                       Adjusted net earnings increased by $43 million to $174 million in the three-month period ended June 30, 2026, compared with
                                       the corresponding quarter in 2025. Adjusted net earnings of Wealth Management include a contribution from strategic
                                       investments of approximately nil, compared with a negative contribution of $1 million in the corresponding quarter in 2025. The
                                       contribution to adjusted net earnings from IG Wealth Management increased by $43 million to $175 million, primarily due to:
                                          An increase in income from advisory fees of $56 million to $402 million, primarily due to the increase in average assets
                                            under advisement (AUA) excluding non-fee-bearing assets [1] of 19.1%, partially offset by a decrease in the advisory fee
                                            rate. The average advisory fee rate for the three-month period was 96.0 basis points of average AUA excluding non-fee-
                                            bearing assets, compared with 98.4 basis points in the corresponding quarter in 2025. Average fee rates will fluctuate
                                            based on product mix and client AUA levels;         1




                                          An increase in income from product and program fees of $50 million to $314 million, primarily due to the increase in
                                            average assets under management (AUM) [1] of 18.7%. The average product and program fee rate for the three-month
                                            period was 85.2 basis points of AUM, compared with 85.0 basis points in the corresponding quarter in 2025; and
                                          An increase in other financial planning revenues of $18 million to $61 million, primarily due to higher earnings from
                                            mortgage banking operations and higher revenues from the distribution of insurance products.
                                        Partially offset by:
                                          An increase in advisory and business development expenses of $50 million to $334 million in the three-month period
                                            which includes compensation paid to advisors, the majority of which varies directly with asset or sales levels. Asset-based
                                            compensation increased by $35 million to $217 million, primarily due to increases in AUA. Sales-based compensation is
                                            based upon the level of net new assets contributed to client accounts and payments are capitalized and amortized as
                                            they reflect incremental costs to obtain a client contract. Sales-based compensation increased by $3 million to
                                            $32 million. Other advisory and business development expenses increased by $12 million to $85 million in the three-
                                            month period, primarily from higher volume from the distribution of insurance products;
                                          An increase in sub-advisory expenses of $10 million to $61 million, primarily due to changes in AUM;
                                          An increase in operations and support expenses of $5 million to $121 million. Operations and support expenses include
                                            costs that support wealth management and other general and administrative functions such as product management,
                                            technology and operations, as well as other functional business units and corporate expenses; and
                                          An increase in income taxes of $16 million to $63 million.
                                       Adjusted net earnings increased by $75 million to $330 million in the six-month period ended June 30, 2026, compared with
                                       the corresponding period in 2025. Adjusted net earnings of Wealth Management include a negative contribution from strategic
                                       investments of $3 million, compared with a negative contribution of $5 million in the corresponding period in 2025. The
                                       contribution to adjusted net earnings from IG Wealth Management increased by $73 million to $333 million, primarily due to:
                                          An increase in income from advisory fees of $99 million to $788 million, primarily due to the increase in average AUA
                                            excluding non-fee-bearing assets of 16.3%. The average advisory fee rate for the six-month period was 96.3 basis points
                                            of average AUA excluding non-fee-bearing assets, compared with 97.9 basis points in the corresponding period in 2025;
                                          An increase in income from product and program fees of $84 million to $612 million, primarily due to the increase in
                                            average AUM of 15.8%. The average product and program fee rate for the six-month period was 85.2 basis points of
                                            AUM, compared with 85.1 basis points in the corresponding period in 2025;
                                          An increase in other financial planning revenues of $33 million to $113 million, primarily due to the same reason explained
                                            in the three-month period above; and
                                          An increase in net investment income of $2 million to $6 million. Net investment income and other consists of unrealized
                                            gains or losses on investments in proprietary funds, investment income earned on cash and cash equivalents and
                                            securities, and other income not related to IG Wealth Management’s core business. It also includes a charge from the
                                            Corporate and Other segment for the use of unallocated capital.
                                        Partially offset by:
                                          An increase in advisory and business development expenses of $87 million to $645 million in the six-month period. Asset-
                                            based compensation increased by $59 million to $426 million, primarily due to the same reason explained in the three-
                                            month period above. Sales-based compensation increased by $6 million to $62 million. Other advisory and business
                                            development expenses increased by $21 million to $157 million in the six-month period, primarily from higher volume
                                            from the distribution of insurance products;
                                          An increase in sub-advisory expenses of $16 million to $120 million, primarily due to changes in AUM;
                                          An increase in operations and support expenses of $13 million to $247 million; and
                                          An increase in income taxes of $26 million to $120 million.

                                       [1] Refer to the section “Other Measures”.


                                            A  28                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


ASSET MANAGEMENT
The Asset Management segment includes the fees received from IGM’s investment funds, Wealth Management segment and
third parties for investment management services.




                                                                                                                                     PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
Adjusted net earnings increased by $29 million to $121 million in the three-month period ended June 30, 2026, compared with
the corresponding quarter in 2025. Adjusted net earnings of Asset Management includes a positive contribution of $45 million
from strategic investments, an increase of $11 million compared with the corresponding quarter in 2025. The adjusted net
earnings of Mackenzie increased by $18 million to $76 million, primarily due to:
  An increase in net asset management fees, which is asset management fees offset by dealer compensation expenses, of
    $24 million to $223 million. Net asset management fees – third party were $186 million, an increase of $19 million
    compared with the corresponding quarter in 2025, primarily due to an increase in the average AUM of 20.9%, partially
    offset by a decrease in the net asset management fee rate. Mackenzie’s net asset management fee rate was 46.5 basis
    points for the three months ended June 30, 2026, compared with 50.6 basis points in the corresponding quarter in 2025.
    The decrease in rate was driven by a change in the composition of AUM, including the impact of having a greater share
    in non-retail priced products, as well as the effect of the previously announced reduction of administration and
    management fees effective April 1, 2026 on certain bundled-purchase options. Asset management fees – Wealth
    Management were $37 million, an increase of $6 million from the corresponding quarter in 2025; and
  An increase in net investment income and other of $5 million to $10 million. Net investment income and other primarily
    includes investment returns related to Mackenzie’s investments in proprietary funds, which are generally made in the process
    of launching a fund and are sold as third-party investors subscribe.
 Partially offset by:
  An increase in expenses of $7 million to $126 million, due to an increase in advisory and business development expenses
    of $5 million and an increase in sub-advisory expenses of $3 million, partially offset by a decrease in operations and support
    expenses of $1 million, compared with the corresponding quarter in 2025. Operations and support expenses include costs
    associated with business operations, including technology and business processes, in-house investment management and
    product shelf management, corporate management and support functions. These expenses primarily reflect compensation,
    technology and other service provider expenses; and
  An increase in income taxes of $4 million to $25 million.
Adjusted net earnings increased by $36 million to $215 million in the six-month period ended June 30, 2026, compared with
the corresponding period in 2025. Adjusted net earnings of Asset Management includes a positive contribution of $82 million
from strategic investments, an increase of $14 million compared with the corresponding period in 2025. The adjusted net
earnings of Mackenzie increased by $22 million to $133 million, primarily due to:
  An increase in net asset management fees, which is asset management fees offset by dealer compensation expenses, of
    $41 million to $441 million. Net asset management fees – third party were $368 million, an increase of $32 million
    compared with the corresponding period in 2025, primarily due to an increase in the average AUM of 18.7%, partially
    offset by a decrease in the net asset management fee rate. Mackenzie’s net asset management fee rate was 47.2 basis
    points for the six months ended June 30, 2026, compared with 51.2 basis points in the corresponding period in 2025.
    The decrease in rate was driven by the same reasons explained in the three-month period above. Asset management
    fees – Wealth Management were $73 million, an increase of $9 million from the corresponding period in 2025; and
  An increase in net investment income and other of $5 million to $12 million.
 Partially offset by:
  An increase in expenses of $19 million to $262 million, due to an increase in operations and support expenses of
    $9 million, an increase in advisory and business development expenses of $5 million, and an increase in sub-advisory
    expenses of $5 million, compared with the corresponding period in 2025; and
  An increase in income taxes of $5 million to $45 million.




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6   A  29
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       ASSETS UNDER MANAGEMENT AND ADVISEMENT

                                       AUA are the key driver of the Wealth Management segment.




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       AUM are the key driver of the Asset Management segment and an additional driver of revenues and expenses within the
                                       Wealth Management segment in relation to its investment management activities.
                                       Total assets under management and advisement (AUM&A) were as follows:
                                                                                                                                                    June 30,             March 31,                June 30,         March 31,
                                       (in billions of dollars)                                                                                        2026                  2026                    2025              2025
                                       Wealth Management
                                         IG Wealth Management AUM                                                                                     152.9                 140.5                  129.6             124.6
                                         IG Wealth Management other AUA                                                                                 23.7                  22.1                     17.1           16.9
                                       Assets under advisement                                                                                        176.6                 162.6                  146.7             141.5
                                       Asset Management
                                         Third-party AUM                                                                                              166.7                 151.3                  137.2             133.5
                                         Sub-advisory and AUM to Wealth Management                                                                    102.1                   94.6                     87.4           85.1
                                       Assets under management                                                                                        268.8                 245.9                  224.6             218.6
                                       Consolidated [1]
                                         AUM                                                                                                          319.7                 291.9                  266.8             258.1
                                         AUM&A [2]                                                                                                    343.3                 314.0                  283.9             275.0
                                         AUM&A excluding non-fee-bearing assets [3]                                                                   340.6                 311.4                  283.9             275.0
                                       [1] Represents the consolidated AUM&A of IGM. In the Wealth Management segment, assets under management is a component part of assets under advisement. All
                                           instances where the Asset Management segment is providing investment management services or distributing its products through the Wealth Management segment
                                           are eliminated in IGM’s reporting such that there is no double counting of the same client savings held at IGM’s core businesses.
                                       [2] Includes adjustment representing the elimination of double counting where business is reflected within multiple segments.
                                       [3] Non-fee-bearing assets are included in the AUA of Wealth Management.


                                       Total average assets under management and advisement were as follows:
                                                                                                                                                                  2026                                                 2025
                                       (in billions of dollars)                                                                                   Q2                Q1                Q4         Q3           Q2         Q1
                                       Wealth Management
                                         IG Wealth Management AUA                                                                             170.6             163.8             157.8        150.5      141.2       142.5
                                         IG Wealth Management AUM                                                                             147.8             141.8             139.5        133.0      124.5       125.5
                                       Asset Management
                                         Third-party AUM                                                                                      160.4             153.1             149.7        141.2      132.7       132.2
                                         Total AUM                                                                                            259.2             248.2             243.2        230.7      217.9       217.5
                                       Consolidated [1]
                                         AUM                                                                                                  308.2             294.9             289.2        274.2      257.2       257.7
                                         AUM&A [2]                                                                                            331.0             316.9             307.5        291.7      273.8       274.7
                                         AUM&A excluding non-fee-bearing assets [3]                                                           328.5             314.8             307.5        291.7      273.8       274.7
                                       [1] Represents the consolidated AUM&A of IGM. All instances where the Asset Management segment is providing investment management services or distributing its
                                           products through the Wealth Management segment are eliminated in IGM’s reporting such that there is no double counting of the same client savings held at IGM’s core
                                           businesses.
                                       [2] Includes adjustment representing the elimination of double counting where business is reflected within multiple segments.
                                       [3] Non-fee-bearing assets are included in the AUA of Wealth Management.




                                             A  30                                             P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


ADJUSTMENTS
Adjustments are items excluded from net earnings in the determination of adjusted net earnings by IGM’s management.




                                                                                                                                                              PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
In the six months ended June 30, 2026, adjusted net earnings excluded a negative impact of $69 million after tax ($93 million
pre-tax) comprised of:
  Restructuring and other charges of $70 million after tax ($95 million pre-tax), related to actions taken to simplify IGM’s
    organizational structure and operating model, and to improve efficiency. These actions are intended to create capacity for
    IGM to further invest in AI capabilities. The initiatives include organizational structure changes, consolidation of certain team
    structures and streamlined workflows. The charge recorded in the second quarter is primarily severance and also includes
    other costs associated with these activities;
  IGM’s proportionate share of Rockefeller’s option program expense of $1 million recorded in the second quarter. The
    expense arises from Rockefeller equity-based long-term employee incentives that IGM accounts for on a cash-settled
    basis, creating potential for meaningful volatility from fair value changes. This expense is excluded to enhance the
    comparability of period-over-period financial results and better reflect the underlying performance of IGM; and
  IGM’s proportionate share of Great West’s adjustments of $7 million, recorded in the second quarter.
  Partially offset by a gain on partial sale of investment in associates, net of one-time costs, of $9 million after tax ($10 million
    pre-tax), recorded in the second quarter.
In the six months ended June 30, 2025, adjusted net earnings excluded a negative impact of $10 million after tax ($10 million
pre-tax) related to IGM’s proportionate share of Great West’s adjustments, of which $6 million was recorded in the second
quarter.

The information above has been derived from IGM’s interim and most recent annual MD&A; see Part C of this MD&A for
additional information on IGM’s interim results. IGM’s interim and most recent annual MD&A is available under its profile on
SEDAR+ (www.sedarplus.ca).


GBL

OVER VIEW OF THE BUS INES S
GBL is an established investment holding company. As a leading and active investor in Europe, GBL is focused on long-term
value creation with the support of a stable family shareholder base. GBL is focused on delivering meaningful growth by
providing attractive returns to its shareholders through a combination of growth in its net asset value per share, a sustainable
dividend and share buybacks. GBL’s portfolio is composed of global companies, leaders in their sectors, in which GBL can
contribute to value creation by being an active professional investor.
At June 30, 2026, GBL’s portfolio was mainly comprised of the following investments (% equity ownership):
LISTED ASSETS
  SGS (SIX: SGSN) (14.2%) – testing, inspection and certification                        Recordati (BIT: REC) (3.3%) – international pharmaceutical group
    solutions                                                                                focused on specialty and rare disease medicines
  adidas (XETR: ADS) (3.5%) – design, development and                                    Concentrix (NASDAQ: CNXC) (4.5%) – global provider of
    distribution of sporting goods                                                           customer experience (CX) solutions and technologies
  Pernod Ricard (EPA: RI) (6.8%) – premium spirits                                       Ontex (EBR: ONTEX) (19.98%) – provider of personal hygiene
  Imerys (EPA: NK) (54.7%) – industrial mineral-based specialty                             solutions
    solutions

DIRECT PRIVATE ASSETS
  Affidea (99.1%) – provider of advanced diagnostics and                                 Canyon (52.6%) – direct-to-consumer manufacturer of
    outpatient services                                                                      premium bicycles
  Sanoptis (84.2%) – provider of ophthalmology services                                  Voodoo (14.8%) – developer and publisher of mobile games
  Rayner (45.0%) – ophthalmic MedTech specialist in intraocular                          Parques Reunidos (23.0%) – operator of leisure parks
    lenses and related products


GBL Capital is an indirect private asset activity that invests in funds and co-investments. In the fourth quarter of 2025, GBL
announced the monetization of a significant portion of assets from the GBL Capital portfolio, its non-core asset class, and that
GBL Capital would no longer be making new commitments. As well, in the first and second quarters of 2026, GBL completed
the disposal of substantially all of the activities within Sienna Investment Managers. This evolution is in line with GBL’s objective
of portfolio simplification.
GBL reported a net asset value (refer to the section “Other Measures”) at June 30, 2026 of €13,079 million or €100.77 per
share, compared with €14,035 million or €105.37 per share at December 31, 2025.




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                          A  31
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       2026 DEVELOPMENTS
                                       Mid-term strategy execution: In the first and second quarters of 2026, GBL continued to execute its mid-term strategy through
                                       portfolio simplification, ongoing focus on direct private investments and providing attractive shareholder returns:




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                          Exit of Umicore: On February 25, 2026, GBL announced the exit of its remaining position in Umicore. GBL disposed of its
                                               remaining 8.0% interest or 19.6 million shares for total proceeds of €0.3 billion. The investment in Umicore was classified
                                               as FVOCI in accordance with IFRS 9 and therefore the disposal has no impact on GBL’s net consolidated earnings.
                                          Partial disposal of Concentrix: On April 29, 2026, GBL reduced its interest in Concentrix from 14.4% at March 31, 2026
                                               to 4.5% at June 30, 2026. This disposal generated net proceeds of €0.1 billion. The investment in Concentrix was
                                               classified as FVOCI in accordance with IFRS 9.
                                          Investment in Rayner: On May 28, 2026, GBL completed the previously announced agreement to acquire a 45% co-
                                               controlling equity interest in Rayner, a leading ophthalmic medtech platform that manufactures a full range of ophthalmic
                                               solutions. GBL invested €0.4 billion in equity alongside incumbent shareholders CVC Capital Partners (CVC) and the
                                               Rayner management team.
                                          Acquisition of BUKO Group (BUKO): On July 8, 2026, subsequent to quarter-end, GBL completed the previously
                                               announced acquisition of a majority interest in BUKO, a leading European provider of temporary traffic management
                                               services. GBL will invest €0.5 billion in equity alongside the BUKO management team.
                                          Investment in Recordati S.p.A. (Recordati): On May 22, 2026, GBL and CVC announced the launch of a €10.7 billion cash
                                               bid for all outstanding shares of Recordati, a leading international pharmaceutical group, recognized for its established
                                               portfolio of prescription and over-the-counter treatments across a range of therapeutic areas. This would mark GBL’s
                                               fourth investment in healthcare, following Affidea, Sanoptis and Rayner, and would provide sub-sector diversification
                                               beyond healthcare services and medtech. GBL will invest up to €1.3 billion and acquire a co-controlling equity interest
                                               alongside CVC, including an interest acquired in the open market subsequent to the announcement of the voluntary offer
                                               representing a market value of €350 million at June 30, 2026. The completion of the cash bid will result in Recordati being
                                               delisted from Euronext Milan. The transaction is subject to shareholder approval as well as other customary closing
                                               conditions and is expected to close in the fourth quarter of 2026.
                                          Share repurchases: During the first and second quarters of 2026, GBL repurchased, directly and through its subsidiaries,
                                               1.3 million shares of its own capital for a total consideration of €108 million. On May 7, 2026, GBL cancelled 3.4 million
                                               of its treasury shares.
                                       R ES U LTS
                                       Contribution to Power Corporation
                                                                                                                                                                 Three months ended                      Six months ended
                                                                                                                                      June 30,           March 31,             June 30,        June 30,          June 30,
                                                                                                                                        2026                 2026                 2025            2026              2025
                                       Average direct ownership (%) [1]                                                                  17.4                 17.1                 16.9          17.2               16.7
                                       Contribution to earnings
                                         Net earnings (loss)                                                                                 (5)                20                  (15)           15                10
                                         Adjusted net earnings (loss)                                                                        (5)                20                  (15)           15                (12)

                                       Total dividend received [2]                                                                                                                                161               175

                                                                                                                                                                                               June 30,     December 31,
                                       As at                                                                                                                                                      2026            2025
                                       Contribution to holding company balance sheets
                                         Investment in GBL, carrying value                                                                                                                      3,120             3,291
                                         % of total holding company assets                                                                                                                       10.3               11.1

                                          Investment in GBL, fair value                                                                                                                         2,874             2,691
                                          % of total holding company assets, at fair value                                                                                                         3.7               4.4
                                       [1] Average direct ownership presented does not consider the effect of the treasury shares held by GBL. The average economic ownership including the effect of treasury
                                           shares was 19.1% for the three-month period ended June 30, 2026 (18.5% in the second quarter of 2025).
                                       [2] The dividend received from Parjointco was €100 million for the period ended June 30, 2026, compared with €112 million for the period ended June 30, 2025. In the six-
                                           month period ended June 30, 2026, Pargesa, a subsidiary of Parjointco, retained a portion of the dividend received from GBL.




                                               A  32                                           P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


Reconciliation of contribution to net earnings and adjusted net earnings of Power Corporation
                                                                                                                            Three months ended                       Six months ended




                                                                                                                                                                                         PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                  June 30,           March 31,          June 30,           June 30,          June 30,
                                                                                                     2026                2026              2025               2026              2025

Contribution to Power Corporation's
  Adjusted net earnings (loss)                                                                           (5)                20              (15)               15                 (12)
  Adjustments
     Affidea's gain on debt modification                                                                 −                    −               −                 −                 22
   Net earnings (loss)                                                                                   (5)                20              (15)               15                 10



Contribution to net earnings (loss) as reported by GBL
                                                                                                                            Three months ended                    Six months ended
                                                                                                  June 30,           March 31,          June 30,           June 30,          June 30,
(in millions of euros)                                                                              2026                 2026              2025               2026              2025

Share of earnings (loss) of associates and consolidated
 operating companies of:
  Imerys                                                                                                27                    −             26                 27                 39
  Affidea                                                                                              (14)                (13)             (27)              (27)                57
  Sanoptis                                                                                             (33)                   −             (49)              (33)                (70)
  Canyon                                                                                                  1                  (2)              −                 (1)                (2)
  Parques Reunidos/Piolin II                                                                              3                (14)             34                (11)                 (5)
  GBL Capital and Sienna Investment Managers                                                             (1)                  3             (13)                 2                (17)
                                                                                                       (17)                (26)             (29)              (43)                  2
Net dividends from investments:
  SGS                                                                                                     −                103                −               103                 98
  Pernod Ricard                                                                                         41                    −             41                 41                 41
  adidas                                                                                                15                    −             11                 15                 11
  Concentrix                                                                                              1                   5               2                  6                  7
  Umicore                                                                                                 −                   −             10                  −                 10
                                                                                                        57                 108              64                165               167
Other financial income (expenses)                                                                      (19)                 10              (44)                (9)               (35)
Other operating income (expenses)                                                                      (62)                (35)             (60)              (97)                (95)
Gains (losses) from disposals, impairments and reversals of
  non-current assets                                                                                      3                   5              (1)                 8                 (2)
Interest income (expenses)                                                                              26                    3             20                 29                   7
Net earnings (loss) [1, 2]                                                                             (12)                 65              (50)               53                 44
[1] Described as “IFRS consolidated net result” in GBL’s publicly disclosed information.
[2] Attributable to GBL shareholders.




                         Q2 2026 vs. Q2 2025 and Q1 2026                                                                      Year-to-date 2026 vs. 2025

Net earnings (loss)
Net loss of €12 million, compared with a net loss of €50 million in                          Net earnings of €53 million, compared with net earnings of
the corresponding period in 2025, and net earnings of €65 million                            €44 million in the corresponding period in 2025.
in the first quarter of 2026.




                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                                          A  33
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       For the three-month period ended June 30, 2026, the net loss was €12 million, compared with a net loss of €50 million in the
                                       corresponding quarter in 2025. The decrease in net loss of €38 million was mainly due to:
                                         A decrease in the negative contribution from the share of earnings of associates and consolidated operating companies




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                           of €12 million to a negative contribution to GBL of €17 million, compared with a negative contribution of €29 million in
                                           the corresponding quarter in 2025, mainly due to:
                                              A decrease in the negative contribution from Sanoptis of €16 million to a negative contribution to GBL of €33 million;
                                              A decrease in the negative contribution from Affidea of €13 million to a negative contribution to GBL of €14 million;
                                              A decrease in the negative contribution from GBL Capital and Sienna Investment Managers of €12 million to a
                                                negative contribution to GBL of €1 million; and
                                              An increase in the contribution from Imerys and Canyon of €1 million each to a contribution to GBL of €27 million
                                                and €1 million, respectively, in the second quarter of 2026;
                                              Partially offset by a decrease in the contribution from Parques of €31 million to a contribution to GBL of €3 million.
                                         A decrease in the negative contribution from other financial income (expenses) of €25 million to a negative contribution
                                           to GBL of €19 million, compared with a negative contribution of €44 million in the corresponding quarter in 2025. Other
                                           financial income includes a net decrease in the fair value of GBL Capital’s investments in alternative funds and direct co-
                                           investments in private equity classified as FVPL of €3 million, compared with a net decrease in fair value of €13 million in
                                           the corresponding quarter in 2025;
                                         An increase in the contribution from interest income (expenses) of €6 million to a positive contribution to GBL of
                                           €26 million, compared with a positive contribution of €20 million in the corresponding quarter in 2025, mainly due to
                                           interest income on cash and cash equivalents; and
                                         An increase in the contribution from gains (losses) from disposals, impairments and reversals of non-current assets of
                                           €4 million to a positive contribution to GBL of €3 million. In the three-month period ended June 30, 2026, GBL recognized
                                           a net gain of €8 million on the deconsolidation of Sienna Gestion and Sienna Private Credit.
                                        Partially offset by:
                                         A decrease in dividends of €7 million to a contribution to GBL of €57 million, mainly due to GBL’s disposal of its interest in
                                           Umicore in the first quarter of 2026;
                                         An increase in other operating expenses of €2 million to €62 million. Other operating expenses in the three-month period
                                           ended June 30, 2026 includes an expense of €16 million related to a carried interest program and the effect of the
                                           revaluation of long-term incentive plans of €12 million (€12 million and €15 million, respectively, in the corresponding
                                           quarter of 2025).
                                       For the six-month period ended June 30, 2026, net earnings were €53 million, compared with net earnings of €44 million in
                                       the corresponding period in 2025. The increase in net earnings of €9 million was mainly due to:
                                         A decrease in the negative contribution from other financial income (expenses) of €26 million to a negative contribution
                                           to GBL of €9 million, compared with a negative contribution of €35 million in the corresponding period in 2025. Other
                                           financial income includes a net increase in the fair value of GBL Capital’s investments in alternative funds and direct co-
                                           investments in private equity classified as FVPL of €15 million, compared with a net decrease in fair value of €8 million in
                                           the corresponding period in 2025;
                                         An increase in the contribution from interest income (expenses) of €22 million to a positive contribution to GBL of
                                           €29 million, compared with a positive contribution of €7 million in the corresponding period in 2025, mainly due to higher
                                           returns on money market investments and interest income on cash and cash equivalents; and
                                         An increase in the contribution from gains (losses) from disposals, impairments and reversals of non-current assets of
                                           €10 million to a positive contribution to GBL of €8 million in the six-month period ended June 30, 2026. GBL recognized
                                           a net gain of €16 million on the deconsolidation of Sienna Real Estate in the first quarter, and Sienna Gestion and Sienna
                                           Private Credit in the second quarter of 2026.




                                           A  34                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


 Partially offset by:
  A decrease in the contribution from the share of earnings of associates and consolidated operating companies of
    €45 million to a negative contribution to GBL of €43 million, compared with a positive contribution of €2 million in the




                                                                                                                                                                     PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
    corresponding period in 2025, mainly due to:
       A decrease in the contribution from Affidea of €84 million to a negative contribution to GBL of €27 million. The
         contribution from Affidea in the six-month period ended June 30, 2025 notably included a positive impact of
         €81 million resulting from the renegotiation of its debt conditions;
       A decrease in the contribution from Imerys of €12 million to a contribution to GBL of €27 million; and
       A decrease in the contribution from Parques of €6 million to a negative contribution to GBL of €11 million.
      Partially offset by:
       A decrease in the negative contribution from Sanoptis of €37 million and Canyon of €1 million to a negative
         contribution to GBL’s earnings of €33 million and €1 million, respectively; and
       An increase in the contribution from GBL Capital and Sienna Investment Managers of €19 million to a positive
         contribution to GBL of €2 million.
  A decrease in dividends of €2 million to €165 million, mainly due to GBL’s disposal of Umicore as explained in the three-
    month period above, partially offset by an increase in the dividends received from SGS and adidas; and
  An increase in the negative contribution from other operating income (expenses) of €2 million to a negative contribution
    to GBL of €97 million, compared with a negative contribution of €95 million in the corresponding period in 2025. Other
    operating expenses in the six-month period ended June 30, 2026 includes an expense of €27 million related to a carried
    interest program and a charge related to the revaluation of long-term incentive plans of €17 million (€18 million and
    €18 million, respectively, in the corresponding period in 2025).

Average Exchange Rates
The average exchange rates for the three-month and six-month periods ended June 30, 2026 and 2025 were as follows:
                                                                                              Three months ended                                 Six months ended
                                                                  June 30,             June 30,                              June 30,   June 30,
                                                                     2026                 2025            Change %              2026       2025         Change %


EUR/CAD                                                           1.6097               1.5697                    2.5         1.6074     1.5406                 4.3


Adjustments
Management of the Corporation applies the definition of adjusted net earnings to the results reported by GBL and identifies
Adjustments. Adjustments are items excluded from GBL’s contribution to the Corporation’s net earnings in the determination
of the contribution to adjusted net earnings.
There were no Adjustments in the first and second quarters of 2026.
There were no Adjustments in the second quarter of 2025. In the first quarter of 2025, Adjustments with a positive earnings
impact of $22 million related to the Corporation’s proportionate share of the earnings impact of Affidea, resulting from the
renegotiation of its debt conditions.
GBL’s financial results and other disclosures have been derived from GBL’s publicly disclosed financial information, as issued
by GBL in its half-year report at June 30, 2026 and its 2025 Annual Report. Further information on GBL’s results is available
on its website (www.gbl.com).




                             P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                             A  35
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       OTHER COMPONENTS OF EARNINGS

                                       Sagard and Power Sustainable




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       The Corporation, through its alternative asset investment platforms, Sagard and Power Sustainable, continues to develop
                                       asset management businesses which build upon the investment capabilities that have been created over many years in several
                                       high-growth asset classes. The alternative asset investment platforms are focused on growing their asset management
                                       businesses through raising third-party capital as well as the expansion of strategies and asset classes:
                                          Sagard is a global multi-strategy alternative asset management firm active in venture capital, private equity, private credit
                                             and real estate. Sagard delivers flexible capital, an entrepreneurial culture, and a global network of investors, commercial
                                             partners, advisors, and value creation experts to its portfolio companies. Sagard also engages in private wealth
                                             management and holds strategic interests in other alternative asset management businesses. The firm has offices in
                                             Canada, the U.S., Europe and the Middle East.
                                          Power Sustainable is a sustainability-focused investment manager with offices in Canada and the U.S. Power Sustainable
                                             finances companies and projects that aim for both competitive returns and positive sustainability outcomes, and offers
                                             institutional investors exposure to alternative assets which aim to accelerate and scale sustainable solutions across
                                             multiple industries. Power Sustainable is currently comprised of four strategies: Power Sustainable Energy Infrastructure,
                                             Power Sustainable Infrastructure Credit, Power Sustainable Lios (agri-food private equity) and Power Sustainable Decarb PE.

                                       2026 DEVELOPMENTS
                                       S AG AR D
                                          Sagard Artificial Intelligence (AI) Fund: On May 20, 2026, the Corporation, Great West and IGM announced a combined
                                             US$150 million investment in the newly established Sagard AI Fund LP (Sagard AI). The Fund has been established to
                                             provide the Power group with (i) access to global AI market intelligence, including insight into leading AI first companies
                                             across sectors and geographies, (ii) structured strategic engagement, enabling commercial partnerships, pilot initiatives,
                                             and real world application opportunities across the group, (iii) potential for incremental investment opportunities in
                                             companies demonstrating strong strategic alignment, and (iv) attractive long-term return potential, supported by a
                                             disciplined and diversified AI investment approach. The Power group expects AI to meaningfully enhance decision
                                             making, operational efficiency, and the delivery of financial advice and solutions over time.
                                       STRATEGIC PARTNERSHIPS BY SHMI
                                          SHMI acquisition of Unigestion Private Equity Holding SA (Unigestion) private equity business: On April 2, 2026, Sagard
                                             and Unigestion completed the closing of the partnership of their middle-market private equity businesses, combining
                                             their private equity primaries, secondaries and co-investment activities, for a total consideration of $373 million, of which
                                             Unigestion’s former controlling shareholder and management team will invest approximately $128 million in SHMI equity.
                                             Unigestion will be integrated into Sagard Private Equity Solutions (Sagard Private Equity), which also includes BEX and
                                             PEM (and excludes Sagard’s direct private equity strategies). Sagard Private Equity manages over US$22 billion [1] in
                                             private equity assets and offers an enhanced geographical reach and product scope, delivering bespoke and scalable
                                             private equity solutions across primaries, secondaries and co-investments to institutional and high-net-worth investors.
                                             The Corporation, through Sagard, acquired 100% [2] of the equity of Unigestion and has consolidated the private equity
                                             activities of Unigestion as of the transaction date. Refer to Note 3 of the Interim Consolidated Financial Statements for
                                             additional information.
                                             During the first quarter, Sagard completed an equity financing round, raising additional capital of US$110 million to
                                             partially fund the acquisition of Unigestion. The Corporation, Great West and management of SHMI participated in the
                                             round, investing an additional US$85.5 million representing a 10.1% fully diluted equity interest, of which the Corporation
                                             invested US$56.2 million. The Corporation also provided debt financing of US$50 million to SHMI, at market terms. The
                                             investment by Unigestion’s former controlling shareholder and management team, which is expected to occur in the third
                                             quarter of 2026, will further reduce the Corporation's fully diluted equity interest in SHMI by approximately 4.5%. The
                                             Corporation will remain the controlling shareholder of SHMI subsequent to these transactions.                                                     12




                                       [1] As at June 30, 2026.
                                       [2] Subject to the acquisition of the remaining 0.1%.


                                             A  36                                             P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




Sagard and Power Sustainable comprise the results of the investment platforms, which include income earned from asset
management and investing activities:




                                                                                                                                                                                          PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                    SAGARD                                                    POWER SUSTAINABLE


                Sagard and Power Sustainable are                             Fee-related earnings                                              Fee-related earnings
    ASSET       focused on growing their asset
                                                                                          +                                                              +
                management businesses through
 MANAGEMENT
                raising third-party capital as well as                      Carried interest                                                      Carried interest
                the expansion of strategies and                                     +                                                                    +
  ACTIVITIES
                asset classes.                                      Other management activities and                                         Other management activities
                                                                          strategic interests [1]                                            (Potentia and Nautilus) [1]


                                                            Investment                        Accounting                        Investment                    Accounting
                Power Corporation invests
                proprietary capital in the strategies        Venture Capital                 FVPL                              Energy Infrastructure        Consolidated [2]
  INVESTING     of its investment platforms to                    Wealthsimple               Consolidated                      Infrastructure Credit        FVPL
                support their growth and                     Private Equity                  FVPL                              Decarbonization PE           Consolidated
   ACTIVITIES
                development as asset managers
                and seeks to earn attractive returns         Private Credit                  FVPL
                commensurate with the risk profile.          Real Estate                     FVPL


[1] Sagard includes the share of earnings of the private wealth investment platform and other strategic interests. Power Sustainable includes the other management activities
    (Potentia and Nautilus) performed on behalf of PSEIP, including operations and maintenance (O&M), value-added and customer acquisition services.
[2] Investments in Energy Infrastructure are required to be consolidated in accordance with IFRS. Contribution to earnings represents the Corporation's share of earnings
    from the underlying activities of PSEIP and direct investments (i.e., revenues and expenses of projects, related financing expenses, depreciation, development and general
    and administrative (G&A) expenses), as well as the impact related to the revaluation of the equity interests held by third parties in PSEIP.



CONTRIBU TION TO POWER COR POR ATION
Summary of Adjusted and net earnings (loss) from Sagard and Power Sustainable:
                                                                                                                                  Three months ended                  Six months ended
                                                                                                         June 30,          March 31,          June 30,        June 30,        June 30,
                                                                                                            2026               2026              2025            2026            2025

Contribution to Power Corporation’s:
  Adjusted net earnings (loss)
     Asset management activities
        Sagard                                                                                                15                      (5)           8             10                 4
        Power Sustainable                                                                                      (7)               (10)            (14)            (17)              (20)
     Investing activities (proprietary capital)
        Sagard                                                                                                18                       -          98              18               139
        Power Sustainable                                                                                       3                     (3)           1                 -              4
                                                                                                              29                 (18)             93              11               127
   Adjustments
        Sagard (asset management activities)                                                                 (23)                      -            -            (23)                -
        Power Sustainable (investing activities)                                                                7                (40)             49             (33)              37
                                                                                                             (16)                (40)             49             (56)              37
   Net earnings (loss)                                                                                        13                 (58)            142             (45)              164




                                      P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                                        A  37
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       The following sections discuss the overview and results of the asset management and investing activities of the investment
                                       platforms.




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       ASS ET MANAG EMENT ACTIVITIES
                                       Overview of the businesses

                                       SAGARD
                                       At June 30, 2026, Sagard had $66.7 billion (US$46.9 billion) of assets under management ($47.4 billion (US$34.6 billion) at
                                       December 31, 2025), including unfunded commitments, across four asset classes: venture capital, private equity, private
                                       credit and real estate, and $1.7 billion through its private wealth investment platform Sagard Wealth ($1.5 billion at December
                                       31, 2025). At June 30, 2026, assets under management managed through Sagard Private Equity included within the venture
                                       capital and private equity asset classes, comprising PEM’s fund of funds, direct investment funds and separately managed
                                       accounts, BEX’s secondaries strategies and Unigestion’s private equity primaries, secondaries and co-investment activities,
                                       represented $32.1 billion (US$22.6 billion).
                                       Sagard manages assets within funds, separately managed accounts and co-investment vehicles. The composition by strategy
                                       of the assets under management is as follows:
                                                                                                                                                                                              June 30,   December 31,
                                       (in billions of dollars)                                                                                                                                  2026          2025

                                       Venture Capital                                                                                                                                          16.5            14.6
                                       Private Equity                                                                                                                                           31.7            16.2
                                       Private Credit                                                                                                                                             8.3            7.9
                                       Real Estate                                                                                                                                                8.7            7.4
                                               [1]
                                       Other                                                                                                                                                      1.5            1.3
                                                                                                                                                                                                66.7            47.4
                                       [1] Includes assets managed through its private wealth investment platform, as well as inter-fund eliminations between the private wealth investment platform and other
                                           asset classes.



                                       Asset Classes

                                       VENTURE CAPITAL
                                         Sagard is active in venture capital primarily through i) Portage, a global fintech investment platform with assets under
                                             management of $9,932 million, ii) Diagram, a fintech and climate tech venture-building platform with assets under
                                             management of $456 million, and iii) Performance Venture Capital, a technology-centric venture fund of funds and
                                             separately managed accounts with assets under management of $5,784 million. The Venture Capital asset class includes
                                             18 active funds, as well as special purpose vehicles, separately managed accounts, continuation vehicles and direct co-
                                             investments.
                                               Fintech            Portage Ventures                             Global fintech venture capital strategy focused on early-stage startups (including
                                               & AI                                                            Seed to Series B rounds)
                                                                  Portage Capital Solutions                    Capital partner for later-stage fintech and financial services businesses
                                                                  Diagram Ventures                             Venture builder that conceives, launches and invests in fintech companies
                                                                  Sagard AI                                    Venture fund backing leading artificial intelligence (AI) companies across financial
                                                                                                               services and other key sectors globally

                                               Climate            Diagram Climate Tech                         Venture builder and early-stage investor in climate tech companies
                                               tech

                                               Technology         Performance Venture Capital                  Venture capital fund of funds program in U.S. technology-centric asset managers




                                             A  38                                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


PRIVATE EQUITY
  Sagard is active in private equity through its direct investing strategies, as well as primaries, secondaries and co-
    investment capabilities. In addition, Sagard offers separately managed accounts which provide tailor-made solutions




                                                                                                                                                               PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
    combining these capabilities. The private equity activities include 34 active funds, as well as separately managed accounts,
    continuation vehicles and direct co-investments.

      Direct          Sagard NewGen                                   European lower-middle-market private equity strategy investing in technology and
      funds                                                           healthcare
                      Sagard MidCap                                   European middle-market private equity
                      Sagard Private Equity Canada                    Canadian middle-market private equity focused on business and financial services, as
                                                                      well as manufacturing
                      Sagard Global Direct/                           U.S. middle-market investment strategy focused on buyout and co-investment
                      Performance Direct Investments                  opportunities

      Primaries       Emerging Manager Choice                         Private equity fund of funds series designed to back highly specialized, lower-middle-
                                                                      market managers and spin-outs from established GPs

      Secondaries     Unigestion Secondary                            Secondaries strategy including LP interests and GP-led and direct secondaries
                                                                      offering balanced diversification
                      BEX                                             Global secondaries strategy in private equity fund of funds, secondary and co-
                                                                      investment funds

      Wealth          Sagard Private Equity Strategies                Evergreen private equity strategy designed for Canadian accredited investors
      channel
                      Global Private Equity Mid-Market                European evergreen private equity fund designed to provide diversified exposure
                      Leaders (GMML)                                  through a combination of secondaries, co-investments and select primary fund
                                                                      commitments


PRIVATE CREDIT
  Sagard’s credit offering includes investment strategies in private credit, senior lending, and collateralized loan obligations
    (CLOs), including its strategic investment in HalseyPoint. The Private Credit asset class includes six active funds, excluding
    the funds managed by Sagard | HalseyPoint (CLOs).
      Direct          Sagard Credit Partners                          Non-sponsor direct lending strategy focused on North American middle-market
      funds                                                           public and private companies
                      Sagard Senior Lending Partners                  Senior direct lending strategy focused on middle-market companies in North
                                                                      America
                      Sagard Healthcare Partners                      Biopharmaceutical royalties investment strategy, investing in royalties and credit
                      CLO Equity                                      Invests in the equity tranche of CLOs focused on the U.S. leveraged loan and high-
                                                                      yield bond markets managed by Sagard | HalseyPoint

      Wealth          Sagard Private Credit                           Evergreen private credit strategy designed for Canadian accredited investors
      channel


  HalseyPoint, a manager jointly controlled by Sagard, manages CLOs focused on the U.S. leveraged loan and high-yield
    bond markets. HalseyPoint managed AUM of $6.4 billion (US$4.5 billion) at June 30, 2026 and has raised to date ten
    CLOs.

REAL ESTATE
  Sagard real estate activities consist of investment management services across the U.S. that include acquisitions, asset
    management, development and property management for its investors. Sagard Real Estate, headquartered in Denver,
    Colorado with regional offices throughout the U.S., offers a variety of investment strategies. Sagard offers direct investment
    funds and separately managed accounts which provide tailor-made solutions leveraging expertise in the industrial,
    multifamily and manufactured housing sectors.

PRIVATE WEALTH INVESTMENT PLATFORM
  Sagard Wealth is a dedicated chief investment office providing global investment opportunities to Canadian families. The
    Corporation, through Sagard, indirectly held a 78.5% interest in Sagard Wealth at June 30, 2026 (77.3% at December 31, 2025).




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                          A  39
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       Assets Under Management
                                       The composition by asset class of the assets under management, as well as Sagard's fee-bearing capital (refer to the section
                                       “Other Measures”), the related management fee rate and carried interest rate ranges by asset class are presented below:




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                                                                                                             Three-month period ended June 30,
                                                                                                                                     Venture            Private          Private     Real Estate
                                       (in millions)                                                                               Capital [1, 2]      Equity [2]        Credit       & Other [3]             2026            2025
                                       AUM, beginning of period                                                                      14,957           16,385             8,085            9,702             49,129         39,858
                                         Inflows [4]                                                                                      361              491             372              429              1,653          2,524
                                         Acquisition of AUM [5]                                                                              −        15,115                  −                −            15,115          3,128
                                         Distributions and other outflows [6]                                                            (166)            (778)           (377)            (250)            (1,571)        (2,138)
                                         Investment performance [7]                                                                    1,099               114             106              156              1,475          1,678
                                         FX and Other                                                                                     195              385             150              144                874           (882)
                                       AUM, end of period                                                                            16,446           31,712             8,336          10,181              66,675         44,168


                                                                                                                                                                                                    Six-month period ended June 30,
                                                                                                                                     Venture            Private          Private     Real Estate
                                       (in millions)                                                                               Capital [1, 2]      Equity [2]        Credit       & Other [3]             2026            2025
                                       AUM, beginning of year                                                                        14,604           16,187             7,938            8,686             47,415         39,282
                                         Inflows [4]                                                                                      489              701             472            1,293              2,955          3,169
                                         Acquisition of AUM [5]                                                                              −        15,115                  −                −            15,115          3,128
                                         Distributions and other outflows [6]                                                            (286)            (839)           (544)            (454)            (2,123)        (3,038)
                                         Investment performance [7]                                                                    1,289               (18)            193              384              1,848          2,304
                                         FX and Other                                                                                     350              566             277              272              1,465           (677)
                                       AUM, end of period                                                                            16,446           31,712             8,336          10,181              66,675         44,168
                                             Power Corporation (%)                                                                       13.7               1.7              3.8              0.4               4.7            5.1
                                             Associated companies (%) [8]                                                                21.9              2.0             12.0             34.3               13.1           16.8
                                             Third Parties (%)                                                                           64.4             96.3             84.2             65.3               82.2           78.1

                                       Unfunded commitments ($) [9]                                                                    2,259            9,196            2,974              113             14,542          9,375
                                       Fee-bearing capital ($) [10]                                                                    8,323          24,509             3,627            6,920             43,379         28,501
                                       Management fee (range) [11]
                                             Direct funds (%)                                                                          1.5-2.5          1.8-2.0         1.0-1.8          0.5-1.3
                                             Primaries, secondaries and co-investments (%) [12]                                        0.3-1.0          0.5-1.5                −                −
                                       Carried interest [13]
                                             Direct funds (%)                                                                       10.0-20.0              20.0      15.0-20.0                  −
                                             Primaries, secondaries and co-investments (%)                                                  5.0       5.0-15.0                 −                −
                                       [1]  The venture capital asset class includes investments held by Portage Ventures I, Power Financial and IGM, through limited partnerships controlled by Power Financial,
                                            in Wealthsimple, which represents a fair value of $4.4 billion at June 30, 2026 ($3.8 billion at December 31, 2025). Excludes investments in Wealthsimple held directly
                                            by Power Financial and IGM of $0.4 billion at June 30, 2026 ($0.3 billion at December 31, 2025).
                                       [2] At June 30, 2026, assets under management managed through the primaries, secondaries and co-investment capabilities represented i) PEM’s strategies of $5.8 billion
                                            (US$4.1 billion) within the venture capital asset class and $7.8 billion (US$5.5 billion) within the private equity asset class ($5.5 billion (US$4.0 billion) within the venture
                                            capital asset class and $7.7 billion (US$5.6 billion) within the private equity asset class at December 31, 2025), ii) BEX funds of $3.4 billion (US$2.4 billion) within the
                                            private equity asset class ($3.3 billion (US$2.4 billion) at December 31, 2025), and iii) Unigestion funds of $15.1 billion (US$10.6 billion) within the private equity asset class.
                                       [3] Other represents $1.5 billion at June 30, 2026 ($1.3 billion at December 31, 2025) and includes assets managed through Sagard Wealth, as well as inter-fund eliminations
                                            between Sagard Wealth and other asset classes.
                                       [4] Inflows represent new capital commitments, subscriptions in open-ended funds, capital contributions to investment vehicles without a committed capital structure and
                                            other increases in available capital.
                                       [5] Represents assets under management of Unigestion at the acquisition date (assets under management of BEX in 2025).
                                       [6] Distributions and other outflows represent fund distributions to investors, redemptions in open-ended funds and other decreases in available capital. Excludes
                                            distributions recalled by a fund for reinvestment, as well as distributions made by a fund due to rebalancing following increases in fund size.
                                       [7] Investment performance comprises realized and unrealized gains (losses) on underlying portfolio investments.
                                       [8] Associated companies includes commitments from management, as well as commitments from Great West, IGM and GBL.
                                       [9] As of June 30, 2026, US$633 million of available capital was excluded from unfunded commitments. This amount is not legally committed and represents the maximum potential
                                            capital that may be contributed under joint venture operating agreements and is subject to the discretionary identification and approval of eligible real estate investments.
                                       [10] Excludes the fee-bearing capital of Sagard Wealth of $1.7 billion at June 30, 2026 ($1.4 billion at December 31, 2025).
                                       [11] Represents the base management fees of active funds, which are calculated based on invested capital, committed capital or net asset value, as applicable.
                                       [12] Includes management fees earned by PEM, BEX and Unigestion, which manage fund of funds and secondary investment vehicles that typically carry lower management
                                            fee rates than direct investment funds. The management fees represent the range of base fees related to the active funds over the remaining life of each fund.
                                       [13] Represents the base carried interest for each fund. Sagard will receive an allocation of carried interest for certain funds managed by PEM, BEX and Unigestion with
                                            vintage years subsequent to the acquisition of the respective manager.

                                       Sagard’s weighted average management fee rate (refer to the section “Other Measures”) was 1.09% for the three-month
                                       period ended June 30, 2026, compared with 0.96% in the corresponding quarter in 2025. The increase is primarily due to the
                                       change in the composition of assets under management and related fee rates including the impact from the acquisition of
                                       Unigestion in the second quarter of 2026.
                                       Sagard’s weighted average management fee rate was 1.00% for the six-month period ended June 30, 2026, compared with
                                       0.91% in the corresponding period in 2025. The increase is primarily due to the same reasons explained in the three-month
                                       period above.

                                               A  40                                                P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


POWER SUSTAINABLE
At June 30, 2026, Power Sustainable had $4.3 billion of assets under management ($4.4 billion at December 31, 2025),
including unfunded commitments. Assets under management reflect the fair value of assets, net of liabilities and project debt,




                                                                                                                                                                                           PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
and includes unfunded commitments.
Power Sustainable manages assets within funds and separately managed accounts. The composition of assets under
management is as follows:
                                                                                                                                                       June 30,          December 31,
(in millions of dollars)                                                                                                                                  2026                 2025

Power Sustainable Energy Infrastructure                                                                                                                 2,540                    2,647
Power Sustainable Infrastructure Credit                                                                                                                 1,145                    1,118
Power Sustainable Lios                                                                                                                                    263                     271
Power Sustainable Decarb PE                                                                                                                               363                     352
Assets under management                                                                                                                                 4,311                    4,388
   Power Corporation                                                                                                                                       984                   1,160

   Third parties and associated companies [1]                                                                                                            3,327                   3,228
                           [2]
Fee-bearing capital                                                                                                                                     3,653                    3,607
   Power Corporation                                                                                                                                       912                    981

   Third parties and associated companies       [1]
                                                                                                                                                         2,741                   2,626
[1] Associated companies includes commitments from management, as well as commitments from Great West.
[2] Refer to the section “Other Measures”.


Power Sustainable’s weighted average management fee rate was 1% for the three-month and six-month periods ended
June 30, 2026, comparable with the corresponding periods in 2025.
The following table provides information on the strategies managed by Power Sustainable as well as the Corporation’s
interests in each of the strategies:
June 30, 2026                                                                                                Commitments [1]                                 Interest held [2]
                                                                                              Capital                  Total             Power      Associated        Third
(in millions of dollars; except as otherwise noted)           Currency        Vintage     commitments                funded         Corporation   companies [3]      parties        NAV
                                                                                                       ($)                 ($)              (%)            (%)            (%)        ($)

Power Sustainable Energy
 Infrastructure Partnership [4, 5]                                  C$          2021             1,800               1,759               28.1            12.9          59.0      2,499
Power Sustainable Infrastructure Credit [6, 7]                     US$          2023                824                 503              14.1            75.3          10.6         331
Power Sustainable Lios                                              C$          2022                285                 209                 −            20.7          79.3         187
Power Sustainable Decarb PE [8]                                    US$          2026                266                   46             39.5            28.8          31.7         35
[1] Includes amounts of separately managed agreements committed within each strategy. Total funded commitments represent the net cash funded for portfolio investments
    and fund expenses since inception, excluding amounts that have been recalled by the fund, amounts funded related to direct secondary assignments and rebalancing
    due to increases in capital commitments.
[2] Based on committed capital or NAV as of June 30, 2026.
[3] Associated companies includes commitments from management as well as commitments from Great West of $220 million in PSEIP, US$600 million in Power Sustainable
    Infrastructure Credit, $56 million in Power Sustainable Lios and US$75 million in Power Sustainable Decarb PE.
[4] NAV of the fund represents the fair value of investments held within the fund, net of any liabilities and project debt, and includes the controlled and consolidated
    investments held through the fund presented at fair value. Refer to the section “Adjusted Net Asset Value” for a description of the Corporation’s fair value adjustments to
    controlled and consolidated investments.
[5] At June 30, 2026, PSEIP had distributed an amount of $98 million since inception.
[6] The Corporation has a separately managed account which invests alongside the fund on target investments up to a total of US$148 million as at June 30, 2026. The
    Corporation had invested US$71 million (C$99 million) through this account as at June 30, 2026, net of recallable distributions and disposals through direct secondary
    offerings.
[7] At June 30, 2026, PSIC had distributed an amount of US$222 million since inception, excluding distributions due to rebalancing from increases in capital commitments
    and direct secondary assignments, of which US$154 million is recallable.
[8] Fund commitments of up to US$330 million, of which US$266 million is currently callable. The vintage year has been aligned with the date of the first investment by Power
    Sustainable Decarb PE in the first quarter of 2026.




                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                                           A  41
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       Power Sustainable Energy Infrastructure
                                       Power Sustainable Energy Infrastructure (Power Sustainable Energy) operates a leading North American-focused renewable
                                       energy platform with 3.8 GW of utility-scale and distributed energy assets, including assets under construction, and assets in




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       advanced development projects. Through its wholly owned operating companies, Potentia Renewables and Nautilus Solar,
                                       Power Sustainable Energy has a dedicated team of over 200 in-house professionals to oversee the development, construction,
                                       financing and operation of renewable energy assets across North America.
                                         Potentia Renewables: Power Sustainable holds a 100% interest in Potentia, a renewable energy generation company,
                                            which is a fully integrated developer, operator and manager of solar and wind energy assets, active in North America.
                                         Nautilus Solar: Power Sustainable holds a 100% interest in Nautilus, a company headquartered in Chicago, U.S. that
                                            acquires, develops, finances and manages distributed solar projects across community, municipal/utility-scale,
                                            commercial and industrial markets.
                                       The Power Sustainable Energy Infrastructure platform actively manages investments through Power Sustainable Energy
                                       Infrastructure Partnership (PSEIP) and through direct investments in energy infrastructure.
                                       The following table details the composition of the total megawatts of utility-scale and distributed energy assets managed:
                                                                                                                                                                                            June 30,   December 31,
                                       (in megawatts (MW))                                                                                                                                     2026          2025

                                       Advanced development [1]                                                                                                                                286            681
                                       Under construction [1]                                                                                                                                  947            595
                                                    [1]
                                       Operating                                                                                                                                             2,602          2,566
                                                                                                                                                                                             3,835          3,842
                                       [1] Includes projects in which PSEIP has a joint interest representing 613 MW at June 30, 2026, of which 147 MW is included in Advanced development and 196 MW is
                                           included in Under construction (a total of 613 MW, of which 343 MW was included in Advanced development at December 31, 2025).


                                       Power Sustainable Energy earns management fees of 0.80% to 1.00% charged on the net asset value of PSEIP as well as a
                                       carried interest of 15%. Power Sustainable Energy also earns management fees of 0.85% charged on the net asset value of
                                       direct investments.
                                       At June 30, 2026, the total assets on a consolidated basis of PSEIP and direct investments were $6.5 billion ($6.1 billion at
                                       December 31, 2025).

                                       Power Sustainable Infrastructure Credit
                                       Power Sustainable Infrastructure Credit, a global infrastructure credit platform, targets global investments in energy,
                                       transportation and logistics, digital, social and other sustainable infrastructure. The platform targets sub-investment-grade
                                       infrastructure investments and seeks to support sustainable assets, portfolios and operating companies with tailored financing
                                       solutions.

                                       Power Sustainable Lios
                                       Power Sustainable Lios is a specialized North American agri-food private equity investment platform supporting the
                                       sustainability transformation occurring within our food system. Lios Fund I, its inaugural fund, invests in growth-oriented, mid-
                                       market companies across the food value chain in North America to drive positive and sustainable change.

                                       Power Sustainable Decarb PE
                                       Power Sustainable Decarbonization Private Equity (Power Sustainable Decarb PE) seeks superior risk-adjusted returns through
                                       investments in established middle-market companies that help decarbonize the North American economy. The strategy
                                       targets investments in the energy, industrial and transportation sectors and the built environment.
                                       On January 30, 2026, Power Sustainable Decarb PE acquired a majority interest in a U.S.-based provider of energy efficiency,
                                       utility services, and distributed energy resources, primarily serving utilities and energy service companies as well as municipal
                                       customers. The Corporation has determined that it has control of this entity in accordance with IFRS 10, Consolidated Financial
                                       Statements; the transaction did not have a significant impact on the Corporation’s consolidated financial statements.




                                            A  42                                           P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A                                                                                                                                    4 3 of 7 8


RESULTS – Asset Management Activities
                                                                                                                                          SAGARD           POWER SUSTAINABLE




                                                                                                                                                                                        PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
Asset management activities includes fee-related earnings (a
non-IFRS financial measure, refer to the section “Non-IFRS                                                                  ASSET

Financial Measures”), which is comprised of management fees                                                              MANAGEMENT

and fee-related performance revenues less investment                                                                      ACTIVITIES
platform expenses. Asset management activities also includes
carried interest and income from other management activities.
                                                                                                                          INVESTING

                                                                                                                           ACTIVITIES




Summary of the composition of net earnings (loss) from asset management activities:
                                                                                                                             Three months ended                    Six months ended
                                                                                               June 30,            March 31,            June 30,       June 30,            June 30,
                                                                                                  2026                 2026                2025           2026                2025
Sagard
  Management fees [1, 2]                                                                             99                    73               67            172                 126
  Investment platform expenses                                                                      (97)                  (80)             (70)          (177)               (137)
   Fee-related earnings (loss) [3]                                                                     2                     (7)             (3)             (5)                (11)
   Net carried interest [4]                                                                          37                        6            30              43                  34
   Other [3]                                                                                          (5)                    (7)             (7)           (12)                 (15)
                                                                                                     34                      (8)            20              26                    8
   Earnings (loss) from private wealth platform and other
    asset management activities [5]                                                                    −                     (1)              −              (1)                 −
   Non-controlling interests [6]                                                                    (19)                       4           (12)            (15)                  (4)
                                                                                                     15                      (5)              8             10                    4
Power Sustainable
  Management fees [1]                                                                                10                    10               10              20                  17
  Investment platform expenses                                                                      (16)                  (17)             (16)            (33)                 (30)
   Fee-related earnings (loss) [3]                                                                    (6)                    (7)             (6)           (13)                 (13)
   Net carried interest [4]                                                                            2                       3             (4)             5                   (7)
   Other [3, 7]                                                                                       (5)                    (7)             (5)           (12)                  (3)
   Non-controlling interests [8]                                                                       2                       1              1              3                    3
                                                                                                      (7)                 (10)             (14)            (17)                 (20)


Adjusted net earnings (loss)                                                                           8                  (15)               (6)             (7)                (16)

Adjustments
SAGARD
  Revaluation of Sagard NCI liabilities                                                             (23)                      −              −             (23)                  −
Net earnings (loss)                                                                                 (15)                  (15)               (6)           (30)                 (16)
[1] Includes management fees charged by the investment platform on proprietary capital. Management fees paid by the Corporation are deducted from income from investing activities.
[2] In the first and second quarters of 2026, Sagard recognized a retroactive management fee of $2 million and $3 million, respectively, related to new capital committed in closed-
    ended funds ($5 million in the second quarter of 2025).
[3] Fee-related earnings is a non-IFRS financial measure. Items excluded from fee-related earnings have been included in Other. Refer to the section “Non-IFRS Financial Measures”
    for a description and reconciliation.
[4] Net carried interest is comprised of carried interest earned, net of amounts allocated to employees. Carried interest is recognized based on changes in fair value of investments
    held within each consolidated fund, and based on carried interest earned when it is highly probable that a significant reversal will not occur with respect to unconsolidated
    funds. The Corporation’s share of carried interest expense payable by the fund is included in investing activities.
[5] Includes the Corporation’s share of earnings (losses) from Sagard’s private wealth investment platform and other asset management activities as well as its interest in
    HalseyPoint.
[6] Non-controlling interests represent equity interests held by third parties in SHMI, PEM and BEX, as well as interests held in SHMI by Great West and management of Sagard.
[7] Other includes customer acquisition, development and asset management activities provided by Potentia and Nautilus on behalf of PSEIP.
[8] Non-controlling interests represent equity interests held in PSM by Great West and management of Power Sustainable.




                                     P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                                      A  43
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       ADJUSTMENTS (EXCLUDED FROM ADJUSTED NET EARNINGS)
                                       Sagard
                                       For the six-month period ended June 30, 2026, Sagard recognized Adjustments of a net negative impact of $23 million after




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       tax ($24 million pre-tax), mainly related to a revaluation adjustment on SHMI’s non-controlling interests liabilities in BEX,
                                       resulting from a positive revision to earnings expectations, recorded in the second quarter.
                                       There were no adjustments in the three-month and six-month periods ended June 30, 2025.

                                       CARRIED INTEREST
                                       In addition to management fees, Sagard and Power Sustainable also earn carried interest and other performance-based
                                       revenues from certain investment strategies when performance thresholds and distribution hurdles are achieved. Carried
                                       interest arrangements generally range from 5% to 20% of investment profits and are earned after investors have received the
                                       return of contributed capital and, where applicable, a preferred return or hurdle rate.
                                       The timing and magnitude of carried interest realizations can vary significantly from period to period as they depend on
                                       investment performance, realization activity, valuation movements and the satisfaction of applicable distribution waterfalls.
                                       Accordingly, carried interest revenue is inherently less predictable than management fee revenue but represents an important
                                       component of long-term earnings and value creation across the investment platforms.
                                       The following table summarizes the accumulated unrealized carried interest (refer to the section “Other Measures”) generated
                                       by Sagard and Power Sustainable based on current investment performance, net of amounts allocated to employees, by asset
                                       class. Accumulated unrealized carried interest includes amounts that have been recognized under IFRS as well as amounts
                                       that have not been recognized:
                                                                                                                                                                           Net accumulated unrealized carried interest, as at
                                                                                                                                                                                                 June 30,     December 31,
                                                                                                                                                                                                    2026            2025
                                       Sagard
                                          Venture Capital [1]                                                                                                                                        245                195
                                          Private Equity                                                                                                                                              47                 43
                                          Private Credit                                                                                                                                              66                 51
                                       Power Sustainable
                                          Power Sustainable Energy Infrastructure                                                                                                                     46                 38
                                          Power Sustainable Infrastructure Credit                                                                                                                       4                  3
                                                                                                                                                                                                     408                330
                                       by fund vintage [2]
                                          2021 and prior                                                                                                                                             333                273
                                          2022                                                                                                                                                        39                 32
                                          2023                                                                                                                                                        24                 18
                                          2024                                                                                                                                                          4                  2
                                          2025                                                                                                                                                          8                  5
                                                                                                                                                                                                     408                330

                                       Attributable to:
                                          Power Corporation                                                                                                                                          209                168
                                          Non-controlling interests [3]                                                                                                                              199                162

                                       [1] Includes the carried interest to be paid by the Corporation on the increase in fair value of the investment held in Wealthsimple.
                                       [2] The fund vintage year represents the date of the first investment made by the fund.
                                       [3] Includes amounts attributable to Great West through its investment in SHMI and PSM.




                                             A  44                                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


INVES TING ACTIVITIES
Overview




                                                                                                                                                                                              PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
Power Corporation invests proprietary capital in the strategies of its investment platforms to support their growth and
development as asset managers. The investment platforms’ growth strategy is focused primarily on raising third-party capital,
and the Corporation expects that its proprietary capital will represent an increasingly smaller proportion of future funds. The
Corporation seeks to earn attractive returns on its proprietary capital investments commensurate with the risk profile of the
underlying investments in each strategy. Returns are expected to be realized over differing time horizons:
   Income-related strategies such as Private Credit, Real Estate, Power Sustainable Energy Infrastructure Partnership and
      Power Sustainable Infrastructure Credit are expected to generate returns on a regular basis; and
   Capital appreciation strategies such as Venture Capital and Private Equity are expected to generate returns as
      investments are monetized.
The Corporation holds investments managed by Sagard and Power Sustainable. The following table summarizes the
investments held, by asset class, including the investments held through Power Financial:
                                                                           As at                              Six-month period ended                                                  As at
                                                              December 31, 2025                                        June 30, 2026                                         June 30, 2026
                                      Investments      Distributions            Fair                                           Fair value   Investments      Distributions            Fair
(in millions of dollars)                 to date [1]       to date [1]         value       Investments      Distributions        change        to date [1]       to date [1]         value
Sagard
  Venture Capital [2]                         654               312          1,909                  19                20           252              673               332          2,160
  Private Equity                           1,346             1,634              327                 84                13             33          1,430             1,647               431
  Private Credit [3]                          565               400             250                 56                34             15             621               434              287
  Real Estate                                  33                  1             32                   1                 −             1              34                  1             34
  Cash and other                                 1                 −             21                   −                 −             −                1                 −             36
                                           2,599             2,347           2,539                 160                67           301           2,759             2,414           2,948


Power Sustainable
  Power Sustainable Energy
   Infrastructure
     PSEIP [4]                                447                33             654                   1                 3            10             448                36              662
     Direct investments [5]                1,216                782             131                   1              154             22          1,217                936               −
   Power Sustainable
    Infrastructure Credit [6]                 104                38              75                 31                47              7             135                85              66
   Power Sustainable
    Decarb PE                                    −                 −               −                25                  −            (5)             25                  −             20
   Cash and other
    investments [5]                            18                  5             42                   5                 −            40              23                  5             87
                                           1,785                858             902                 63               204             74          1,848             1,062               835

                                           4,384             3,205           3,441                 223               271           375           4,607             3,476           3,783
[1] Includes distributions which have been recalled by the fund and distributions due to rebalancing.
[2] Includes investment in the controlled and consolidated subsidiary, Wealthsimple, at fair value.
[3] The investments to date and distributions to date presented for the comparative period have been adjusted to remove investments which have been disposed of as at
    December 31, 2025.
[4] Includes the Corporation’s share of investments in controlled and consolidated subsidiaries held through PSEIP at fair value. Investments to date include amounts
    previously held through direct investments which were transferred to PSEIP in 2021, in each of the third quarters of 2022 and 2023, and in the second quarter of 2025.
[5] Investments to date include funding related to the acquisitions of Potentia and Nautilus and related platform expenses prior to the establishment of Power Sustainable
    Energy Infrastructure. The fair value for the comparative period has been adjusted to reflect the reclassification of cash and other assets from direct investments to cash
    and other investments.
[6] Consists of investments through a separately managed account. Investments to date is presented net of disposals of funded committed capital through direct secondary
    offerings.




                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                                               A  45
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       FINTECH INVESTMENTS
                                       Fintech investments are comprised of the Corporation’s investments, primarily held through Power Financial, in the Portage
                                       Ventures and Diagram funds and Wealthsimple. The Corporation’s investments in the Portage Ventures and Diagram funds




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       allow it to deepen its knowledge and accelerate the adoption of innovation within the Power group, while significant
                                       investments such as Wealthsimple give direct access to novel capabilities.
                                       Wealthsimple
                                       At June 30, 2026, Power Financial, IGM and Great West collectively held, through limited partnerships controlled by Power
                                       Financial and through direct investments, an undiluted equity interest in Wealthsimple of 52.3% (52.4% at December 31,
                                       2025), representing a voting interest of 57.5% and a fully diluted equity interest of 40.7%. Wealthsimple, founded in 2014, is
                                       one of Canada’s fastest-growing financial technology companies, and provides simple digital tools for growing and managing
                                       money.
                                       Wealthsimple continues to strengthen its presence in the marketplace and offers a suite of financial products, ranging from
                                       investing to spending, saving and tax. At June 30, 2026, Wealthsimple had 3.6 million clients, excluding tax filers, across the
                                       Canadian market with assets under administration of $155.6 billion, compared with $111.3 billion at December 31, 2025.
                                       At June 30, 2026, the Power group had invested $544 million in Wealthsimple (same as at December 31, 2025), and had
                                       received total proceeds of $500 million from a secondary transaction in 2021.
                                       The fair value of Power group’s interest in Wealthsimple was $4.7 billion at June 30, 2026 ($4.1 billion at December 31, 2025).
                                       The increase in fair value in the six-month period ended June 30, 2026 considers public market peer valuations, Wealthsimple’s
                                       business performance and revenue expectations, as well as transactions which closed in the fourth quarter of 2025.
                                       The following table is a summary of the Power group’s direct and indirect interests held in Wealthsimple:
                                                                                                                                            Power                          Great West                 Power group's
                                                                                                                                         Financial              IGM         and Other               interest held as at
                                                                                                                                                                                                   June 30,     December 31,
                                                                                                                                                                                                     2026             2025

                                       Investment in Wealthsimple, fair value                                                              1,800              2,777               171               4,748                 4,130
                                                                                                                       [1]
                                       Investment in Wealthsimple, fair value, net of carried interest                                     1,682              2,592               157               4,431                 3,860
                                       Fully diluted equity interest (%) [2]                                                                 15.4              23.8                1.5               40.7                  40.7
                                                                            [3]
                                       Undiluted equity interest (%)                                                                         19.8              30.6                1.9               52.3                  52.4
                                       [1] The fair value presented is net of deductions for carried interest payable to Sagard in respect of limited partnership-held interests, including amounts subject to incentive
                                           arrangements.
                                       [2] Fully diluted equity interest assumes conversion of all potentially dilutive instruments, irrespective of their current exercisability or vesting conditions.
                                       [3] Undiluted equity interest is calculated based on outstanding equity interests at the end of the reporting period.




                                             A  46                                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


RESULTS – Investing Activities
                                                                                                                                            SAGARD       POWER SUSTAINABLE




                                                                                                                                                                                 PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
Investing activities comprises income earned on the capital
invested by the Corporation (proprietary capital) in the                                                                  ASSET

investment funds managed by the investment platforms and                                                               MANAGEMENT
the share of earnings (losses) of controlled and consolidated                                                           ACTIVITIES
subsidiaries held within the investment platforms. Due to the
accounting treatment required for the underlying investments
and activities, the results of certain consolidated funds and
                                                                                                                        INVESTING
controlled and consolidated subsidiaries included in investing
activities are not aligned with the fair value changes of the                                                            ACTIVITIES

Corporation's respective investment.


The Corporation has determined that it has control of Power Sustainable Energy Infrastructure Partnership due to its exposure
to variable returns and is required to consolidate the activities of PSEIP in accordance with IFRS; therefore, the increase in fair
value of the Corporation’s interest held in PSEIP is not recognized in earnings. However, the limited partner equity interests
held by third parties, which have redemption features, subject to certain restrictions, have been classified as a financial liability
and are remeasured at their redemption value. The impact from the revaluation of the non-controlling interests (NCI) liabilities
has been excluded from adjusted net earnings. Refer to the section “Non-IFRS Financial Measures”.
Income earned from investment activities (proprietary capital) is volatile in nature as it depends on many factors, including
changes in fair value.
Summary of adjusted and net earnings (loss) from investing activities (proprietary capital):
                                                                                                                                 Three months ended           Six months ended
                                                                                                  June 30,           March 31,              June 30,   June 30,       June 30,
                                                                                                     2026                2026                  2025       2026           2025

Adjusted net earnings (loss)
SAGARD
  Private equity and other strategies                                                                   33                            (1)       99         32            127
  Venture capital (fintech investments) [1]                                                            (15)                           1          (1)      (14)             12
                                                                                                        18                            −         98         18            139
POWER SUSTAINABLE
  Energy infrastructure [2]                                                                              (2)                          (7)         1         (9)            (3)
  Other                                                                                                   5                           4          −           9              7
                                                                                                          3                           (3)         1         −               4


Adjusted net earnings (loss)                                                                            21                            (3)       99         18            143

Adjustments
POWER SUSTAINABLE
  Revaluation of PSEIP NCI liabilities and
    other market-related impacts                                                                          7                    (40)             49        (33)             37
Net earnings (loss)                                                                                     28                     (43)            148        (15)           180
[1] Includes the Corporation’s share of earnings (losses) of Wealthsimple. The second quarter of 2026 includes a charge of $17 million related to the Corporation’s share of
    the carried interest payable due to the increase in fair value of the investment held in Wealthsimple ($14 million recognized in the second quarter of 2025).
[2] Investments in Energy Infrastructure are consolidated in accordance with IFRS. Contribution to earnings represents the Corporation's share of earnings from the
    underlying activities of PSEIP and direct investments (i.e., revenues and expenses of projects, related financing expenses, depreciation, development and G&A expenses).




                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                                   A  47
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       ADJUSTMENTS (EXCLUDED FROM ADJUSTED NET EARNINGS)

                                       Power Sustainable




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       For the six-month period ended June 30, 2026, Power Sustainable recognized Adjustments of a net negative impact of
                                       $33 million, which consist of the Corporation’s share of the revaluation of non-controlling interests liabilities and other market-
                                       related impacts:
                                         A charge of $32 million related to the revaluation of non-controlling interests liabilities resulting from changes in the fair
                                           value of assets held in PSEIP, and the share of earnings (losses) from the consolidated activities of PSEIP attributable to
                                           third-party investors. The Corporation controls and consolidates the activities of PSEIP in accordance with IFRS; however,
                                           equity interests held by third parties have redemption features and are classified as a financial liability, which are
                                           remeasured at their redemption value. The first and second quarters of 2026 include a net charge of $29 million and a
                                           net recovery of $10 million, respectively, related to the Corporation’s share of the revaluation of non-controlling interests
                                           liabilities which resulted from a change in the fair value of assets held in PSEIP.
                                         The Corporation’s share of fair value remeasurements of derivatives was a loss of $1 million after tax ($1 million pre-tax).
                                       For the six-month period ended June 30, 2025, Power Sustainable recognized Adjustments of a net positive impact of
                                       $37 million, which consist of the Corporation’s share of the revaluation of non-controlling interests liabilities and other market-
                                       related impacts:
                                         A recovery of $31 million related to the revaluation of non-controlling interests liabilities resulting from changes in the
                                           fair value of assets held in PSEIP, and the share of earnings (losses) from the consolidated activities of PSEIP attributable
                                           to third-party investors. The first and second quarters of 2025 include a recovery of $9 million and $25 million,
                                           respectively, related to the Corporation’s share of the revaluation of non-controlling interests liabilities which resulted
                                           from a decrease in the fair value of assets held in PSEIP.
                                         A recovery of $11 million due to the remeasurement of a deferred tax liability related to the Corporation’s investment in
                                           PSEIP, recognized in the second quarter of 2025.
                                         The Corporation’s share of fair value remeasurements of derivatives was a loss of $5 million after tax ($7 million pre-tax),
                                           of which a gain of $1 million was recorded in the second quarter.




                                           A  48                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


Corporate Operations and Other
Corporate operations and Other includes the contribution to net earnings and adjusted net earnings from the Corporation’s




                                                                                                                                                                               PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
other investment activities, and the Corporation’s investment in LMPG, as well as corporate operations of the holding
company which includes operating expenses, financing charges, depreciation, income taxes, and dividends on non-
participating and perpetual preferred shares.
Summary of corporate operations and other of the Corporation and Power Financial shown on a combined basis:
                                                                                                                            Three months ended          Six months ended
                                                                                                  June 30,           March 31,        June 30,   June 30,         June 30,
                                                                                                     2026                2026            2025       2026             2025

Contribution to adjusted net earnings (loss)
LMPG [1, 2]                                                                                              −                   (6)           (2)        (6)              (7)
Other corporate investments
  Investment funds                                                                                      11                    8            (5)       19                 4
  Other [3]                                                                                             18                  15            (13)       33                 −
                                                                                                        29                  17            (20)       46                (3)
Operating and other expenses
  Operating expenses [4]                                                                               (51)                (54)           (51)     (105)             (105)
  Depreciation                                                                                           (2)                 (2)           (1)        (4)              (3)
  Fair value change of TSARs, net of hedge [5]                                                         (19)                  (7)            −       (26)                3
  Financing charges [6]                                                                                (14)                (14)           (14)      (28)              (27)
  Income taxes                                                                                           −                    −            (1)         −               (1)

                                                                                                       (86)                (77)           (67)     (163)             (133)
Dividends on non-participating and perpetual preferred shares                                          (55)                (56)           (47)     (111)              (95)
                                                                                                     (112)               (116)          (134)      (228)             (231)
Adjustments
  Impairment charge on LMPG                                                                            (28)                   −             −       (28)                −
  LMPG remeasurement of deferred tax liabilities                                                         −                    −             −          −               12
                                                                                                       (28)                   −             −       (28)               12
Net earnings (loss)                                                                                  (140)               (116)          (134)      (256)             (219)
[1] The Corporation’s investment in LMPG was previously presented separately within Standalone businesses. Certain comparatives have been reclassified to conform with
    the current presentation.
[2] The Corporation, through Power Sustainable Capital, held a controlling interest of 49.6% at June 30, 2026 (same as at December 31, 2025) in LMPG, a designer,
    developer, and manufacturer of a wide range of high-performance and sustainable specification-grade LED solutions for commercial, institutional, and urban
    environments.
[3] Includes foreign exchange gains or losses and interest on cash and cash equivalents.
[4] Operating expenses in the six-month period ended June 30, 2025 included a charge of $4 million related to updated performance assumptions used in the measurement
    of performance share units. Operating expenses related to Power Financial were $40 million in the six-month period ended June 30, 2026 ($43 million in the
    corresponding period in 2025).
[5] The Corporation has attached tandem share appreciation rights (TSARs) to certain options, which are classified as cash-settled share-based payments. The Corporation
    has entered into total return swap agreements to manage exposure to the volatility of its cash-settled share-based payments and related liability. The fair value change
    of TSARs represents the change in fair value of the liability, net of the remeasurement to fair value of the derivative instruments.
[6] Financing charges related to Power Financial were $9 million in the six-month period ended June 30, 2026 (same as in the corresponding period in 2025).




ADJUSTMENTS (EXCLUDED FROM ADJUSTED NET EARNINGS)
Management of the Corporation applies the definition of adjusted net earnings to the results reported by LMPG and identifies
Adjustments.
In the six-month period ended June 30, 2026, Adjustments with a negative earnings impact of $28 million consisted of the
Corporation’s share of an impairment charge recognized on LMPG, recorded in the second quarter. On May 20, 2026, LMPG
entered into an agreement, pursuant to which the Corporation agreed to sell 100% of its interest in LMPG. The transaction is
expected to close in the third quarter of 2026, subject to customary closing conditions. As a result, the assets and liabilities of
LMPG were classified as held for sale as at June 30, 2026. The completion of the transaction is not expected to have a
significant impact on the Corporation’s financial statements.
In the six-month period ended June 30, 2025, Adjustments with a positive earnings impact of $12 million primarily consisted
of the Corporation’s share of the remeasurement of deferred tax liabilities by LMPG, recorded in the first quarter.




                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                              A  49
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       Adjustments (excluded from adjusted net earnings)
                                       The following table presents the Corporation’s share of Adjustments:




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                                                                                Three months ended                        Six months ended
                                                                                                                                      June 30,           March 31,             June 30,         June 30,          June 30,
                                                                                                                                         2026                2026                 2025             2026              2025

                                       Great West [1]
                                         Market experience relative to expectations                                                      (115)                  11                  (72)          (104)             (134)
                                         Assumption changes and management actions                                                         (16)                   2                  (2)           (14)               (24)
                                         Business transformation and other impacts                                                           (4)               (22)                 (83)           (26)               (90)
                                         Amortization of acquisition-related finite life intangible assets                                 (24)                (23)                 (26)           (47)               (51)
                                         Tax legislative changes and other tax impacts                                                       −                    −                   8              −                  8
                                                                                                                                         (159)                 (32)               (175)           (191)             (291)
                                          Effect of consolidation [2]                                                                      (38)                (12)                   7            (50)                 5
                                                                                                                                         (197)                 (44)               (168)           (241)             (286)
                                       IGM [1]
                                         Restructuring and other                                                                           (45)                   −                   −            (45)                −
                                         Rockefeller equity compensation                                                                     (1)                  −                   −              (1)               −
                                         Gain on partial sale of investment in associates                                                     6                   −                   −               6                −
                                         Share of Great West’s adjustments                                                                   (4)                  −                  (4)             (4)               (6)
                                                                                                                                           (44)                   −                  (4)           (44)                (6)
                                          Effect of consolidation [2]                                                                         1                  (1)                 12              −                12
                                                                                                                                           (43)                  (1)                  8            (44)                 6
                                       GBL
                                         Affidea's gain on debt modification                                                                 −                    −                   −              −                22

                                       Sagard and Power Sustainable
                                         Revaluation of Sagard NCI liabilities                                                             (23)                   −                   −            (23)                −
                                         Revaluation of PSEIP NCI liabilities and
                                           other market-related impacts                                                                       7                (40)                  49            (33)               37
                                                                                                                                           (16)                (40)                  49            (56)               37
                                       Corporate operations and Other
                                         Impairment charge on LMPG                                                                         (28)                   −                   −            (28)                −
                                         LMPG remeasurement of deferred tax liabilities                                                      −                    −                   −              −                12
                                                                                                                                           (28)                   −                   −            (28)               12
                                                                                                                                         (284)                 (85)               (111)           (369)             (209)
                                       [1] As reported by Great West and IGM.
                                       [2] The Effect of consolidation reflects i) the elimination of intercompany transactions; and ii) the application of the Corporation’s accounting method for investments under
                                           common ownership to the Adjustments reported by Great West and IGM, including a realized gain recognized by IGM in the second quarter of 2025 on the sale of a
                                           portion of its interest in Conquest, a corporate investment classified by IGM as FVOCI.



                                       For additional information on each of Great West, IGM, GBL, Sagard and Power Sustainable and the Corporate operations
                                       and Other, refer to their respective “Adjustments” sections above. Also refer to the section “Non-IFRS Financial Measures” in
                                       this MD&A.




                                             A  50                                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


FINANCIAL POSITION




                                                                                                                                                                                         PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (CONDENSED)
The condensed balance sheets of Great West, IGM, and the combined holding company balance sheet of Power Corporation
and Power Financial, as well as the Alternative asset investment platforms and Other, are presented below. These tables
reconcile the holding company balance sheet with the condensed consolidated balance sheet of the Corporation at June 30,
2026 and December 31, 2025, which are included in Note 20 of the Interim Consolidated Financial Statements.
                                                                                                                                                                        June 30, 2026
                                                                                                                               Alternative asset                               Power
                                                                                                                                     investment                           Corporation
                                                                                                                       Holding    platforms and          Effect of       consolidated
                                                                            Great West                  IGM           company           Other [1]   consolidation       balance sheet
Assets
Cash and cash equivalents                                                        9,923              1,515               2,196            2,054              (508)             15,180
Investments                                                                  245,645                5,344                  184           6,716               506            258,395
Investments in publicly traded operating
  companies, investment platforms and other:
   Great West and IGM                                                              435                 669            22,444                  −          (23,548)                    −
   GBL [2]                                                                            −                   −             3,120                 −                 −              3,120
   Other                                                                         1,241              2,750               1,784                 −           (5,775)                    −
Investments in jointly controlled
  corporations and associates                                                      586              3,202                     −          2,180              (562)              5,406
Insurance contract assets                                                        1,586                    −                   −               −                 −              1,586
Reinsurance contract held assets                                               16,755                     −                   −               −                 −             16,755
Other assets                                                                   27,139               4,371                  551          38,742              (173)             70,630
Intangible assets [3]                                                            4,999              1,292                     1            854                (87)             7,059
Goodwill [3]                                                                   11,483               2,637                     −            453               407              14,980
Investments on account of
  segregated fund policyholders                                              626,219                      −                   −               −                 −           626,219
Total assets                                                                 946,011               21,780             30,280            50,999           (29,740)         1,019,330
Liabilities
Insurance contract liabilities                                               165,772                      −                   −               −                 −           165,772
Investment contract liabilities                                                91,271                     −                   −               −                 −             91,271
Reinsurance contract held liabilities                                              860                    −                   −               −                 −                 860
Obligations to securitization entities                                                −             4,707                     −               −                 −              4,707
Power Corporation’s debentures and
  other debt instruments                                                              −                   −                647                −                 −                 647
Non-recourse debentures and
  other debt instruments of: [4]
   Power Financial, Great West and IGM                                           8,965              2,800                  250                −               (88)            11,927
   Consolidated investment funds and Other                                            −                   −                   −          4,695                  −              4,695
Other liabilities                                                              18,322               4,893               1,443           43,382            (1,296)             66,744
Insurance contracts on account of
  segregated fund policyholders                                                74,839                     −                   −               −                 −             74,839
Investment contracts on account of
  segregated fund policyholders                                              551,380                      −                   −               −                 −           551,380
Total liabilities                                                            911,409               12,400               2,340           48,077            (1,384)           972,842
Equity
Limited recourse capital notes                                                   1,500                    −                   −               −           (1,500)                    −
Perpetual preferred shares                                                       3,120                    −             2,830                 −           (5,950)                    −
Non-participating shares                                                              −                   −             1,350                 −                 −              1,350
Participating shareholders’ equity                                             26,696               9,294             23,760             2,400           (38,390)             23,760
Non-controlling interests [5, 6]                                                 3,286                   86                   −            522            17,484              21,378
Total equity                                                                   34,602               9,380             27,940             2,922           (28,356)             46,488
Total liabilities and equity                                                 946,011               21,780             30,280            50,999           (29,740)         1,019,330
[1] Includes consolidated investment funds and their controlled investments, Wealthsimple and LMPG.
[2] Indirectly held through Parjointco. The holding company balance sheet includes the Corporation’s investment in GBL, which is separately presented in Note 20 of the Interim
    Consolidated Financial Statements.
[3] The assets of Great West, IGM, and Alternative asset investment platforms and Other exclude the corporate allocation of goodwill and intangible assets.
[4] The debentures and other debt instruments of controlled and consolidated investments are secured by their assets which are non-recourse to the Corporation.
[5] Great West’s non-controlling interests include the Participating Account surplus in subsidiaries.
[6] Non-controlling interests in Effect of consolidation represent non-controlling interests in the equity of Great West, IGM, PSM, SHMI, and controlled and consolidated investments.


                                     P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                                        A  51
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A



                                                                                                                                                                                                              December 31, 2025
                                                                                                                                                                   Alternative asset                                      Power
                                                                                                                                                                         investment                                  Corporation




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                                                                           Holding    platforms and                   Effect of     consolidated
                                                                                                                Great West                  IGM           company           Other [1]            consolidation     balance sheet
                                       Assets
                                       Cash and cash equivalents                                                     8,902               1,274              2,232                2,518                   (560)         14,366
                                       Investments                                                                239,080                5,387                 176               4,552                    554         249,749
                                       Investments in publicly traded operating
                                         companies, investment platforms and other:
                                          Great West and IGM                                                           424                 670            21,574                      −              (22,668)                −
                                          GBL [2]                                                                          −                  −             3,291                     −                      −           3,291
                                          Other                                                                      1,075               2,397              1,609                     −                (5,081)               −
                                       Investments in jointly controlled
                                         corporations and associates                                                   570               3,084                    −              1,734                   (544)           4,844
                                       Insurance contract assets                                                     1,571                    −                   −                   −                      −           1,571
                                       Reinsurance contract held assets                                            16,850                     −                   −                   −                      −         16,850
                                       Other assets                                                                26,992                5,662                 626             29,100                    (177)         62,203
                                       Intangible assets [3]                                                         4,912               1,291                    1                915                    (88)           7,031
                                       Goodwill [3]                                                                11,283                2,637                    −                334                    407          14,661
                                       Investments on account of
                                         segregated fund policyholders                                            551,169                     −                   −                   −                      −        551,169
                                       Total assets                                                               862,828              22,402             29,509               39,153                (28,157)         925,735
                                       Liabilities
                                       Insurance contract liabilities                                             161,644                     −                   −                   −                      −        161,644
                                       Investment contract liabilities                                             89,042                     −                   −                   −                      −         89,042
                                       Reinsurance contract held liabilities                                           919                    −                   −                   −                      −             919
                                       Obligations to securitization entities                                              −             4,815                    −                   −                      −           4,815
                                       Power Corporation’s debentures and
                                         other debt instruments                                                            −                  −                647                    −                      −             647
                                       Non-recourse debentures and
                                         other debt instruments of: [4]
                                          Power Financial, Great West and IGM                                        8,792               2,400                 250                    −                   (88)         11,354
                                          Consolidated investment funds and Other                                          −                  −                   −              4,146                       −           4,146
                                       Other liabilities                                                           18,259                6,149              1,350              32,327                  (1,134)         56,951
                                       Insurance contracts on account of
                                         segregated fund policyholders                                             70,418                     −                   −                   −                      −         70,418
                                       Investment contracts on account of
                                         segregated fund policyholders                                            480,751                     −                   −                   −                      −        480,751
                                       Total liabilities                                                          829,825              13,364               2,247              36,473                  (1,222)        880,687
                                       Equity
                                       Limited recourse capital notes                                                1,500                    −                   −                   −                (1,500)               −
                                       Perpetual preferred shares                                                    2,920                    −             2,830                     −                (5,750)               −
                                       Non-participating shares                                                            −                  −             1,350                     −                      −           1,350
                                       Participating shareholders’ equity                                          25,437                8,944            23,082                 2,280               (36,661)          23,082
                                       Non-controlling interests [5, 6]                                              3,146                   94                   −                400                16,976           20,616
                                       Total equity                                                                33,003                9,038            27,262                 2,680               (26,935)          45,048
                                       Total liabilities and equity                                               862,828              22,402             29,509               39,153                (28,157)         925,735
                                       [1] Includes consolidated investment funds and their controlled investments, Wealthsimple and LMPG.
                                       [2] Indirectly held through Parjointco. The holding company balance sheet includes the Corporation’s investment in GBL, which is separately presented in Note 20 of the
                                           Interim Consolidated Financial Statements.
                                       [3] The assets of Great West, IGM, and Alternative asset investment platforms and Other exclude the corporate allocation of goodwill and intangible assets.
                                       [4] The debentures and other debt instruments of controlled and consolidated investments are secured by their assets which are non-recourse to the Corporation.
                                       [5] Great West’s non-controlling interests include the Participating Account surplus in subsidiaries.
                                       [6] Non-controlling interests in Effect of consolidation represent non-controlling interests in the equity of Great West, IGM, PSM, SHMI, and controlled and consolidated
                                           investments.




                                             A  52                                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


Consolidated assets and liabilities
Total assets of the Corporation increased to $1,019.3 billion at June 30, 2026, compared with $925.7 billion at December 31,




                                                                                                                                    PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
2025, mainly due to the following:
  Investments increased by $8.6 billion, primarily due to Great West’s higher bond volumes in Canada and the
    strengthening of the U.S. dollar, euro and British pound relative to the Canadian dollar.
  Other assets increased by $8.4 billion, primarily due to an increase in funds held on behalf of clients.
  Investment contracts on account of segregated fund policyholders, which are measured at fair value, increased by
    $75.1 billion.
Liabilities increased to $972.8 billion at June 30, 2026, compared with $880.7 billion at December 31, 2025, mainly due to
the following:
  Insurance contract liabilities increased by $4.1 billion, primarily due to the impact of market movements and currency
    movements, partially offset by normal business movements.
  Investment contract liabilities increased by $2.2 billion, primarily due to the impact of currency movements and market
    movements, partially offset by normal business movements.
  Other liabilities increased by $9.8 billion, primarily due to an increase in client funds payable.
  Insurance and investment contracts on account of segregated fund policyholders increased by $75.1 billion, primarily
    due to net deposits of $15.3 billion, the impact of currency movement of $11.4 billion, an increase in non-controlling
    mutual fund interest of $2.8 billion, and the impact of market value gains and investment income of $45.6 billion.
Insurance and investment contract liabilities represent the amounts that, together with estimated future premiums and
investment income, will be sufficient to pay estimated future benefits, dividends and expenses on policies in force. Insurance
and investment contract liabilities are determined using generally accepted actuarial practices, according to standards
established by the Canadian Institute of Actuaries. Refer to Part B of this MD&A for additional information.
Parts B and C of this MD&A include a discussion of the consolidated balance sheets of Great West and IGM, respectively.




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6   A  53
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       HOLDING COMPANY BALANCE SHEETS
                                       In the holding company balance sheets shown below, Power Corporation and Power Financial are shown on a combined
                                       basis; investments in subsidiaries are presented using the equity method. This presentation assists the reader by identifying




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       changes in the combined holding company balance sheet of Power Corporation and Power Financial, and presents the
                                       investment activities, as well as the holding company’s assets and liabilities, including cash, debentures and non-
                                       participating shares.
                                                                                                                                                                                                June 30,   December 31,
                                                                                                                                                                                                   2026          2025

                                       Holding company assets
                                       Cash and cash equivalents [1]                                                                                                                             2,196          2,232
                                       Investment in:
                                          Great West                                                                                                                                            18,003         17,237
                                          IGM                                                                                                                                                    4,441          4,337
                                                [2]
                                          GBL                                                                                                                                                    3,120          3,291
                                          Sagard and Power Sustainable [3]                                                                                                                       1,732          1,525
                                       Other assets and investments [4]                                                                                                                            788            887
                                       Total holding company assets                                                                                                                             30,280         29,509
                                       Holding company liabilities
                                       Debentures and other debt instruments [5]                                                                                                                   897            897
                                       Other liabilities [6]                                                                                                                                     1,443          1,350
                                       Total holding company liabilities                                                                                                                         2,340          2,247
                                       Holding company equity
                                       Perpetual preferred shares [7]                                                                                                                            2,830          2,830
                                       Non-participating shares                                                                                                                                  1,350          1,350
                                       Participating shareholders’ equity                                                                                                                       23,760         23,082
                                       Total holding company equity                                                                                                                             27,940         27,262
                                       Total holding company liabilities and equity                                                                                                             30,280         29,509
                                       [1] Cash equivalents include $508 million ($560 million at December 31, 2025) of fixed income securities with maturities of more than three months. In accordance with IFRS,
                                           these are classified as investments in the Interim Consolidated Financial Statements.
                                       [2] Indirectly held through Parjointco.
                                       [3] Includes Power Financial’s investments in Portage Ventures I, Portage Ventures II and Wealthsimple, presented using the equity method.
                                       [4] Includes $92 million of dividends declared in the second quarter by IGM ($83 million at December 31, 2025) to be received by Power Financial on July 31, 2026. Other
                                           investments include portfolio investments in investment funds, classified as FVPL, and the Corporation’s controlled and consolidated investment in LMPG, which is
                                           presented using the equity method for purposes of the holding company presentation. At June 30, 2026, the Corporation had outstanding commitments to make future
                                           capital contributions to private investment funds for an aggregate amount of $26 million.
                                       [5] Includes Power Financial’s debentures of $250 million at June 30, 2026 (same as at December 31, 2025).
                                       [6] Includes the purchase obligation of $196 million under the automatic share purchase plan at June 30, 2026.
                                       [7] Perpetual preferred shares issued by Power Financial.


                                       Cash and cash equivalents
                                       Cash and cash equivalents held by the Corporation and Power Financial amounted to $2,196 million at June 30, 2026,
                                       compared with $2,232 million at the end of December 2025 (see “Holding Company Statements of Cash Flows” below for
                                       details).
                                       The cash and cash equivalents held within the investment activities of Sagard and Power Sustainable amounted to $38 million
                                       at June 30, 2026 ($30 million at December 31, 2025) and are included in the carrying amount of the investment platforms.




                                             A  54                                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


Investments
INVES TMENTS IN GR EAT WES T, IG M AND GBL (A T E Q U I T Y )




                                                                                                                                                                           PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
The table below presents a continuity of the investments in Great West, IGM and GBL, which are presented using the equity
method for the purposes of the holding company presentation. The carrying value of the investments in Great West, IGM and
GBL, accounted for using the equity method, were $25,564 million at June 30, 2026, compared with $24,865 million at
December 31, 2025:
                                                                                                          Great West                IGM        GBL [1]           Total

Carrying value, beginning of year                                                                            17,237                4,337      3,291          24,865
   Contribution from adjusted net earnings                                                                     1,708                373           15           2,096
   Contribution from adjustments                                                                                 (241)               (44)          −            (285)
   Disposals                                                                                                     (636)                −            −            (636)
   Share of other comprehensive income (loss)                                                                     756                97           (5)            848
   Dividends                                                                                                     (826)             (183)       (161)          (1,170)
   Effect of changes in ownership and other                                                                          5             (139)         (20)           (154)
Carrying value, at June 30, 2026                                                                             18,003                4,441      3,120          25,564
[1] Indirectly held through Parjointco.


ALTERNATIVE ASS ET INVES TMENT PLATFORMS
The table below presents the components of the alternative asset investment platforms, Sagard and Power Sustainable. The
asset management companies, and controlled and consolidated investments held through the investment platforms
including the investment in Wealthsimple, are presented using the equity method for the purposes of the holding company
presentation.
Alternative asset investment platforms are comprised of the following investments:
                                                                                                                                            June 30,     December 31,
Carrying value, at                                                                                                                             2026            2025

Asset management companies
   Sagard                                                                                                                                      355               164
   Power Sustainable                                                                                                                              7                −
Investing activities
   Sagard [1]
      Investment funds and other [2]                                                                                                         1,256             1,066
      Wealthsimple [3]                                                                                                                          96               116
   Power Sustainable                                                                                                                            18               179
                                                                                                                                             1,732             1,525
[1] Certain comparatives have been reclassified to conform with the current presentation.
[2] Includes Power Financial’s investments in Portage Ventures I and Portage Ventures II.
[3] Consists of Power Financial’s direct and indirect investments in Wealthsimple, net of carried interest payable to Sagard on its investment in Wealthsimple. Excludes
    investment in Wealthsimple held by other entities within the Power group.


Income Taxes
The non-capital losses of the holding company, at June 30, 2026, were $1,625 million, which are available to reduce future
taxable income (including capital gains). No benefit has been recognized for these non-capital losses. These losses expire
from 2028 to 2046.
The capital losses of the holding company, at June 30, 2026, were $191 million ($97 million for which the benefits have not
been recognized) and can be used indefinitely to offset capital gains.




                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                           A  55
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       Equity

                                       NON- PAR TICIPATING S HAR ES




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       Non-participating (preferred) shares of the Corporation consist of seven series of First Preferred Shares with an aggregate
                                       share capital of $1,350 million at June 30, 2026 (same as at December 31, 2025), all of which are non-cumulative. All series
                                       are perpetual preferred shares and are redeemable in whole or in part solely at the Corporation’s option.
                                       The terms and conditions of the other outstanding First Preferred Shares are described in Note 19 of the Corporation’s 2025
                                       Consolidated Financial Statements.

                                       PAR TICIPATING S HAR EHOLDERS ’ EQU ITY
                                       Participating shareholders’ equity was $23,760 million at June 30, 2026, compared with $23,082 million at December 31, 2025:
                                       Six months ended June 30                                                                                                                                 2026      2025

                                       Participating shareholders’ equity, at the beginning of the year                                                                                       23,082    22,930
                                       Changes in participating shares
                                          Purchase for cancellation of subordinate voting shares under NCIB                                                                                     (142)      (68)
                                          Issuance of subordinate voting shares (2,981,673 shares in 2026 and 1,448,259 shares
                                             in 2025) under the Corporation’s Executive Stock Option Plans                                                                                      106        51
                                                                                                                                                                                                 (36)      (17)
                                       Changes in retained earnings
                                          Net earnings before dividends on non-participating shares                                                                                            1,549     1,487
                                          Dividends declared                                                                                                                                    (881)     (813)
                                                                                                                               [1]
                                          Purchase for cancellation of subordinate voting shares under NCIB                                                                                     (740)     (141)
                                          Realized gains (losses) on FVOCI equity instruments transferred to retained earnings                                                                   (86)      46
                                          Effects of changes in capital and ownership of subsidiaries, and other                                                                                (139)     (169)
                                                                                                                                                                                                (297)     410
                                       Changes in reserves
                                          Other comprehensive income (loss)
                                             Foreign currency translation adjustments                                                                                                           394       (336)
                                             Investment revaluation and cash flow hedges                                                                                                        279       174
                                             Actuarial gains (losses) on defined benefit plans                                                                                                  104        63
                                             Share of Parjointco and other jointly controlled corporations and associates                                                                       221       (183)
                                          Share-based compensation, including the effect of changes in capital and ownership of subsidiaries                                                     13          2
                                                                                                                                                                                               1,011      (280)
                                       Participating shareholders’ equity, at June 30                                                                                                         23,760    23,043
                                       [1] Includes the impact of the purchase obligation under the automatic share purchase plan at June 30, 2026.



                                       The book value per participating share (refer to the section “Other Measures”) of the Corporation was $37.74 at June 30,
                                       2026, compared with $36.31 at the end of 2025.




                                            A  56                                             P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


OU TS TANDING NU MBER OF PAR TICIPATING S HARES
At the date of this MD&A, there were 54,860,866 Participating Preferred Shares of the Corporation outstanding (same as
at December 31, 2025), and 572,866,765 Subordinate Voting Shares of the Corporation outstanding, compared with




                                                                                                                                    PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
580,872,092 at December 31, 2025.
At the date of this MD&A, options were outstanding to purchase up to an aggregate of 7,869,447 Subordinate Voting Shares
of the Corporation, including 808,409 Subordinate Voting Shares issuable pursuant to options under the Power Financial
Employee Stock Option Plan, which has been assumed by the Corporation, and 531,629 Subordinate Voting Shares were
issuable pursuant to outstanding performance restricted share units.

NOR MAL COURS E ISSU ER BIDS
The Corporation’s NCIB that commenced on March 1, 2025 expired on February 28, 2026. On March 1, 2026, the Corporation
commenced a new NCIB which is effective until the earlier of February 28, 2027 and the date on which the Corporation has
purchased the maximum permitted number of Subordinate Voting Shares. Pursuant to this bid, the Corporation may purchase
up to 20 million of its Subordinate Voting Shares outstanding (representing approximately 3.8% of the public float of
Subordinate Voting Shares outstanding at February 16, 2026) at market prices.
In connection with its NCIB, the Corporation has entered into an automatic share purchase plan (ASPP) and may provide
parameters thereunder from time to time to allow a designated broker to purchase Subordinate Voting Shares under the
NCIB at times when the Corporation would ordinarily not be permitted to purchase shares due to regulatory restrictions or
self-imposed blackout periods. Outside of these predetermined trading blackout periods, purchases under the Corporation’s
NCIB will be completed at management’s discretion. The ASPP has been effective since March 1, 2026, the commencement
date of the new NCIB.
The Corporation repurchased and cancelled 9.2 million Subordinate Voting Shares for a total of $686 million in the six-month
period ended June 30, 2026 (4.4 million Subordinate Voting Shares for a total of $209 million in the six-month period ended
June 30, 2025).

SUBSEQUENT EVENT
Subsequent to quarter-end, the Corporation purchased, as at July 30, 2026, an additional 1.8 million Subordinate Voting
Shares pursuant to its current NCIB for a total of $161 million.


ADJUSTED N ET ASSET VALUE
Adjusted net asset value is presented for Power Corporation and represents management’s estimate of the fair value of the
participating shareholders’ equity of the Corporation. Adjusted net asset value is calculated as the fair value of the assets of
the combined Power Corporation and Power Financial holding company less their net debt and preferred shares. In
determining the fair value of assets, investments in subsidiaries, jointly controlled corporations and associates are adjusted to
fair value as follows:
  Investments in publicly traded companies are valued at their market value, measured as the closing share price on the
    reporting date;
  Investments in private entities, including debt instruments, are valued at fair value based on management’s estimate using
    consistently applied valuation models either based on a valuation multiple or discounted cash flows. Certain valuations
    are prepared by external valuators or subject to review by external valuators. Market-comparable transactions are
    generally used to corroborate the estimated fair value. The value of investments in private entities is presented net of any
    management incentives; and
  Investments in investment funds are valued at the fair value reported by the fund which is net of carried interest or other
    incentives.
The presentation of the participating shareholders’ equity at fair value is not in accordance with IFRS; adjusted net asset value
is a non-IFRS financial measure. Refer to the section “Non-IFRS Financial Measures” for a description and a reconciliation of
IFRS and non-IFRS financial measures.




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6   A  57
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       The Corporation’s adjusted net asset value is presented on a look-through basis. The combined holding company balance
                                       sheets of Power Corporation and Power Financial include the investments held in public entities through Power Financial
                                       (Great West, IGM and GBL), and the net debt and preferred shares of Power Financial. The adjusted net asset value per share, a




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       non-IFRS ratio, was $112.94 at June 30, 2026, compared with $85.77 at December 31, 2025, representing an increase of 31.7%.
                                       The Corporation’s book value per participating share (refer to the section “Other Measures”) was $37.74 at June 30, 2026,
                                       compared with $36.31 at December 31, 2025, representing an increase of 3.9%.
                                                                                                                                                            June 30, 2026                               December 31, 2025
                                                                                                                          Holding                                                    Holding
                                                                                                                         company             Fair value      Adjusted net           company        Fair value   Adjusted net
                                                                                                                     balance sheet          adjustment        asset value       balance sheet     adjustment     asset value

                                       Holding company assets
                                       Investments
                                          Power Financial
                                              Great West                                                                    18,003             37,433             55,436              17,237        24,910         42,147
                                              IGM                                                                            4,441               7,272            11,713                4,337        4,807           9,144
                                              GBL [1]                                                                        3,120                (246)             2,874               3,291          (600)         2,691
                                          Alternative asset investment platforms
                                              Asset management companies [2]
                                                 Sagard                                                                         355                276                631                 164           244            408
                                                 Power Sustainable                                                                 7                   −                 7                    −           −              −
                                              Investing activities
                                                 Sagard [3]
                                                     Investment funds and other [4]                                          1,256                   10             1,266               1,066             8          1,074
                                                                       [5]
                                                     Wealthsimple                                                                96              1,586              1,682                 116        1,349           1,465
                                                 Power Sustainable                                                               18                817                835                 179           723            902
                                       Cash and cash equivalents                                                             2,196                     −            2,196               2,232             −          2,232
                                       Other assets and investments [3]                                                         788                   (6)             782                 887             3            890
                                       Total holding company assets                                                         30,280             47,142             77,422              29,509        31,444         60,953
                                       Holding company liabilities and
                                        non-participating shares
                                       Debentures and other debt instruments                                                    897                    −              897                 897             −            897
                                                           [6, 7]
                                       Other liabilities                                                                     1,443                (196)             1,247               1,350             −          1,350
                                       Non-participating shares and
                                        perpetual preferred shares                                                           4,180                     −            4,180               4,180             −          4,180
                                       Total holding company liabilities and
                                        non-participating shares                                                             6,520                (196)             6,324               6,427             −          6,427

                                       Net value
                                       Participating shareholders’ equity (IFRS) /
                                        Adjusted net asset value (non-IFRS)                                                 23,760             47,338             71,098              23,082        31,444         54,526

                                       Per share                                                                             37.74                                112.94                36.31                        85.77
                                       [1] The Corporation’s share of GBL’s reported net asset value was $3.7 billion (€2.3 billion) at June 30, 2026 ($3.9 billion (€2.4 billion) at December 31, 2025).
                                       [2] The management company of Sagard is presented at its fair value. The management company of Power Sustainable is presented at its carrying value.
                                       [3] Certain comparatives have been reclassified to conform with the current presentation.
                                       [4] Includes Power Financial’s investments in Portage Ventures I and Portage Ventures II.
                                       [5] Represents Power Financial’s direct and indirect investments in Wealthsimple, net of carried interest payable to Sagard on its investment in Wealthsimple. Excludes
                                           investment in Wealthsimple held by other entities within the Power group.
                                       [6] In accordance with IAS 12, Income Taxes, no deferred tax liability is recognized with respect to temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries and
                                           jointly controlled corporations as the Corporation is able to control the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences and it is probable that the temporary differences
                                           will not reverse in the foreseeable future. If the Corporation were to dispose of an investment in a subsidiary or a jointly controlled corporation, income taxes payable on
                                           such disposition would be minimized through careful and prudent tax planning and structuring, as well as with the use of available tax attributes not otherwise recognized
                                           on the balance sheet, including tax losses, tax basis, safe income and foreign tax surplus associated with the subsidiary or jointly controlled corporation.
                                       [7] Other liabilities includes an adjustment in the net asset value to remove the impact of the purchase obligation under the automatic share purchase plan at June 30, 2026,
                                           as it relates to purchases of Subordinate Voting Shares under the NCIB subsequent to quarter-end.


                                       Investments measured at market value and cash represent 93.5% of the total assets at fair value at June 30, 2026
                                       (92.4% at December 31, 2025). A 10% change in the market value of publicly traded investments would result in a change in
                                       the Corporation’s adjusted net asset value of $7,009 million or $11.13 per share.


                                             A  58                                                P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


CASH FLOWS




                                                                                                                                                                                  PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (CONDENSED)
The condensed cash flows of Great West, IGM and the holding company cash flows of Power Corporation and Power Financial
on a combined basis, as well as the Corporation’s alternative asset investment platforms, are presented below. These tables
reconcile the holding company statement of cash flows to the condensed consolidated statement of cash flows of the
Corporation for the six-month periods ended June 30, 2026 and 2025, which are included in Note 20 of the Interim
Consolidated Financial Statements. This presentation assists the reader in assessing the cash flows of the holding company.
Six months ended June 30                                                                                                                                                  2026
                                                                                                                             Alternative asset
                                                                                                                                   investment                            Power
                                                                                                                     Holding    platforms and          Effect of    Corporation
                                                                           Great West                 IGM           company           Other [1]   consolidation    consolidated

Cash flows from:
   Operating activities                                                        2,828                 548                 993             (903)           (988)          2,478
   Financing activities                                                       (1,987)               (322)            (1,516)           1,240            1,487          (1,098)
   Investing activities                                                            (51)                15                487             (809)           (447)           (805)
Effect of changes in exchange rates
  on cash and cash equivalents                                                    231                   −                   −               8                −            239
Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                               1,021                 241                 (36)            (464)              52            814
Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of the year                               8,902              1,274               2,232            2,518             (560)         14,366
Cash and cash equivalents, at June 30                                          9,923              1,515               2,196            2,054             (508)         15,180

[1] Includes consolidated investment funds and their controlled investments, as well as Wealthsimple and LMPG.



Six months ended June 30                                                                                                                                                  2025
                                                                                                                             Alternative asset
                                                                                                                                   investment                            Power
                                                                                                                     Holding    platforms and          Effect of    Corporation
                                                                            Great West                IGM           company           Other [1]   consolidation    consolidated

Cash flows from:
   Operating activities                                                         1,318                356                 983             (147)           (872)          1,638
   Financing activities                                                        (1,600)              (453)            (1,021)               91             925          (2,058)
   Investing activities                                                             (14)               18                 96              (64)              38             74
Effect of changes in exchange rates
  on cash and cash equivalents                                                    (181)                 −                   −                9               −           (172)
Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                                  (477)               (79)                58             (111)              91           (518)
Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of the year                               10,709                910              1,606               858            (339)         13,744
Cash and cash equivalents, at June 30                                          10,232                831              1,664               747            (248)         13,226
[1] Includes consolidated investment funds and their controlled investments, as well as Wealthsimple and LMPG.


Consolidated cash and cash equivalents increased by $814 million in the six-month period ended June 30, 2026, compared
with a decrease of $518 million in the corresponding period in 2025.
Operating activities produced a net inflow of $2,478 million in the six-month period ended June 30, 2026, compared with a
net inflow of $1,638 million in the corresponding period in 2025.
Cash flows from financing activities, which include the issuance and repayment of capital instruments, the issuance and
repurchase of participating and preferred shares, the issuance and redemption of common shares, limited-life fund and
redeemable units by subsidiaries, dividends paid on the participating and non-participating shares of the Corporation,
dividends paid by subsidiaries to non-controlling interests and increases and repayments of obligations to securitization
entities by IGM, represented a net outflow of $1,098 million in the six-month period ended June 30, 2026, compared with a
net outflow of $2,058 million in the corresponding period in 2025.
Cash flows from investing activities resulted in a net outflow of $805 million in the six-month period ended June 30, 2026,
compared with a net inflow of $74 million in the corresponding period in 2025.
Parts B and C of this MD&A include a discussion of the cash flows of Great West and IGM, respectively.




                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                                    A  59
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       HOLDING COMPANY STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
                                       As Power Corporation is a holding company, corporate cash flows are primarily comprised of dividends received, income
                                       from investments and income (loss) from cash and cash equivalents, less operating expenses, financing charges, income




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       taxes, and non-participating and participating share dividends.
                                       The following combined statements of cash flows of Power Corporation and Power Financial present the cash flows of the
                                       holding company. This presentation has been prepared to assist the reader as it isolates the cash flows of the activities of the
                                       holding company.
                                       Six months ended June 30                                                                                                                                       2026      2025

                                       Operating activities of the holding company
                                       Dividends
                                          Great West                                                                                                                                                  826       775
                                          IGM                                                                                                                                                         175       166
                                          GBL                                                                                                                                                         161       175
                                                                                              [1]
                                       Corporate operations, net of non-cash items                                                                                                                   (169)     (133)
                                                                                                                                                                                                      993       983
                                       Financing activities of the holding company
                                       Dividends paid on:
                                          Non-participating shares                                                                                                                                     (37)      (26)
                                          Participating shares                                                                                                                                       (811)     (756)
                                          Perpetual preferred shares                                                                                                                                   (71)      (70)
                                       Issuance of subordinate voting shares                                                                                                                          100        46
                                       Repurchase of subordinate voting shares                                                                                                                       (686)     (209)
                                       Other [2]                                                                                                                                                       (11)       (6)
                                                                                                                                                                                                    (1,516)   (1,021)
                                       Investing activities of the holding company
                                       Distributions and proceeds from disposal of investments [3]                                                                                                    235       352
                                                                            [4]
                                       Disposal of Great West shares                                                                                                                                  636         −
                                       Purchase of investments                                                                                                                                       (380)     (255)
                                       Other                                                                                                                                                            (4)       (1)
                                                                                                                                                                                                      487        96
                                       Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                                (36)      58
                                       Cash and cash equivalents, at the beginning of the year                                                                                                      2,232     1,606
                                       Cash and cash equivalents, at June 30                                                                                                                        2,196     1,664
                                       [1] Includes changes in short-term receivables from, and payables to, investment platforms.
                                       [2] Includes share repurchase-related expenses.
                                       [3] Includes proceeds from the sale of direct investments in energy infrastructure in the second quarter of 2025.
                                       [4] Through Power Financial’s participation in Great West’s NCIB to maintain its approximate proportionate ownership.




                                             A  60                                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


Cash and cash equivalents of the Corporation and Power Financial decreased by $36 million in the six-month period ended
June 30, 2026, compared with an increase of $58 million in the corresponding period in 2025.




                                                                                                                                                                                 PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
Operating activities resulted in a net inflow of $993 million in the six-month period ended June 30, 2026, compared with a
net inflow of $983 million in the corresponding period in 2025. Dividends received from the publicly traded operating
companies include:
Six months ended June 30                                                                                                                2026                            2025
                                                                                                           Dividend per         Total dividend   Dividend per   Total dividend
(in millions of dollars; except as otherwise noted)                                                               share               received          share         received

Great West                                                                                                       1.3400                  826         1.2200              775
IGM                                                                                                              1.1825                  175         1.1250              166

   Total dividend received from Parjointco was $161 million (€100 million) for the period ended June 30, 2026, compared
      with $175 million (€112 million) for the period ended June 30, 2025. In the six-month period ended June 30, 2026,
      Pargesa, a subsidiary of Parjointco, retained a portion of the dividend received from GBL.
The Corporation’s financing activities during the six-month period ended June 30, 2026 resulted in a net outflow of
$1,516 million, compared with a net outflow of $1,021 million in the corresponding period in 2025, and included:
   Dividends paid on non-participating and participating shares by the Corporation of $848 million, compared with
      $782 million in the corresponding period in 2025. In the six-month period ended June 30, 2026, dividends paid on the
      Corporation’s participating shares were $1.2800 per share, compared with $1.1750 in the corresponding period in 2025.
   Dividends paid on preferred shares by Power Financial of $71 million, compared with $70 million in the corresponding
      period in 2025.
   Issuance of Subordinate Voting Shares of the Corporation for $100 million pursuant to the Corporation’s Executive Stock
      Option Plan and the Power Financial Employee Stock Option Plan, compared with issuance for an amount of $46 million
      in the corresponding period in 2025.
   Repurchase of Subordinate Voting Shares of $686 million, as part of the NCIB, in the six-month period ended June 30,
      2026, compared with repurchase for an amount of $209 million in the corresponding period in 2025.
The Corporation’s investing activities during the six-month period ended June 30, 2026 resulted in a net inflow of
$487 million, compared with a net inflow of $96 million in the corresponding period in 2025. The six-month period ended
June 30, 2026 includes proceeds of $636 million from the sale of Great West shares through Power Financial’s participation
in Great West’s NCIB to maintain its approximate proportionate ownership.
Proceeds from disposal of investments and purchase of investments are comprised of investment activities of the Corporation
and in its investment platforms.
The Corporation decreased its level of fixed income securities with maturities of more than three months, resulting in a net
inflow of $52 million in the six-month period ended June 30, 2026, compared with a net inflow of $92 million in the
corresponding period in 2025.




                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                                  A  61
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       CAPITAL MANAGEMENT

                                       As a holding company, Power Corporation’s objectives in managing its capital are to:




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                          provide attractive long-term returns to shareholders of the Corporation;
                                          provide sufficient financial flexibility to pursue its growth strategy to invest on a timely basis in its operating companies
                                             and other investments as opportunities arise;
                                          maintain a capital structure that matches the long-term nature of its investments by maximizing the use of permanent capital;
                                          maintain an appropriate credit rating to ensure stable access to the capital markets; and
                                          maintain a prudent amount of available cash and cash equivalents.
                                       The Corporation manages its capital taking into consideration the risk characteristics and liquidity of its holdings. In order to
                                       maintain or adjust its capital structure, the Corporation may adjust the amount of dividends paid to shareholders, return capital
                                       to shareholders or issue capital.
                                       The Board of Directors of the Corporation is responsible for capital management. Management of the Corporation is
                                       responsible for establishing capital management procedures and for implementing and monitoring its capital plans. The
                                       Board of Directors of the Corporation reviews and approves capital transactions such as the issuance, redemption and
                                       repurchase of participating shares, non-participating shares and debentures. The boards of directors of the Corporation’s
                                       subsidiaries, as well as those of Parjointco and GBL, oversee and have the responsibility for their respective company’s capital
                                       management.
                                       With the exception of debentures and other debt instruments, the Corporation’s capital is permanent, matching the long-
                                       term nature of its investments. The capital structure of the Corporation consists of: debentures, non-participating shares,
                                       participating shareholders’ equity, and non-controlling interests. The Corporation views non-participating shares as a cost-
                                       effective source of permanent capital.
                                       The Corporation’s consolidated capitalization includes the debentures, preferred shares and other equity instruments, and
                                       other debt instruments issued by its consolidated subsidiaries. Debentures and other debt instruments issued by Power
                                       Financial, Great West, IGM and consolidated investment funds and other are non-recourse to the Corporation. The Corporation
                                       does not guarantee debt issued by its subsidiaries. Non-participating shares and total equity accounted for 73% of
                                       consolidated capitalization at June 30, 2026.
                                                                                                                                                                                                June 30,   December 31,
                                                                                                                                                                                                   2026          2025
                                       Debentures and other debt instruments
                                       Power Corporation                                                                                                                                           647            647
                                       Power Financial                                                                                                                                             250            250
                                       Great West                                                                                                                                                8,965          8,792
                                       IGM                                                                                                                                                       2,800          2,400
                                       Consolidated investment funds and Other [1]                                                                                                               4,695          4,146
                                       Effect of consolidation                                                                                                                                     (88)            (88)
                                                                                                                                                                                                16,622         15,500
                                                                                                                                                                                                17,269         16,147
                                       Non-participating shares and other equity instruments
                                       Power Corporation                                                                                                                                         1,350          1,350
                                       Power Financial                                                                                                                                           2,830          2,830
                                       Great West                                                                                                                                                4,620          4,420
                                                                                                                                                                                                 7,450          7,250
                                                                                                                                                                                                 8,800          8,600
                                       Equity
                                       Participating shareholders’ equity                                                                                                                       23,760         23,082
                                       Non-controlling interests [2]                                                                                                                            13,928         13,366
                                                                                                                                                                                                37,688         36,448
                                                                                                                                                                                                63,757         61,195
                                       [1] Includes other debt instruments of consolidated investment funds and their controlled investments; consists of $1,030 million ($613 million in 2025) of debt including
                                           revolving credit facilities and mortgages on investment properties held by the investment funds and other subsidiaries, and $3,665 million ($3,287 million in 2025) of
                                           project-related debt held within the Power Sustainable Energy Infrastructure platform. The other debt instruments are secured by the assets of the controlled investments
                                           which are non-recourse to the Corporation. The other debt instruments held by LMPG have been classified as held for sale as at June 30, 2026, and are included in other
                                           liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet ($246 million in 2025). See Note 9 B) of the Interim Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
                                       [2] Represents the non-controlling equity interests of the Corporation’s subsidiaries excluding Power Financial and Great West’s preferred shares and limited recourse capital
                                           notes, which are shown in this table as non-participating shares.




                                             A  62                                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


Power Corporation
  The Corporation filed a short-form base shelf prospectus dated November 19, 2024, pursuant to which, for a period of




                                                                                                                                    PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
    25 months thereafter, the Corporation may issue First Preferred Shares, Subordinate Voting Shares, subscription receipts
    and unsecured debt securities, or any combination thereof. This filing provides the Corporation with the flexibility to
    access debt and equity markets on a timely basis.
  The Corporation commenced an NCIB on March 1, 2026 which is effective until the earlier of February 28, 2027 and the
    date on which the Corporation has purchased the maximum permitted number of Subordinate Voting Shares. Refer to
    the section “Participating Shareholders’ Equity” for more information.

Power Financial
  Power Financial filed a short-form base shelf prospectus dated November 28, 2024, pursuant to which, for a period of
    25 months thereafter, Power Financial may issue up to an aggregate of $3 billion of First Preferred Shares and unsecured
    debt securities, or any combination thereof. This filing provides the Corporation with the flexibility to access debt and
    equity markets on a timely basis through Power Financial.

Great West
  On June 22, 2026, Great West issued 8,000,000 5.70% Non-Cumulative First Preferred Shares, Series 24 at $25.00 per
    share for gross proceeds of $200 million.
SUBSEQUENT EVENT
  On July 7, 2026, Great West issued €500 million (C$810 million) 7-year bonds and will pay an annual coupon of 3.625%,
    priced at 99.575% of par to yield 3.695%. The bonds are listed on the Official List of Euronext Dublin and are admitted to
    trading on the Global Exchange Market of Euronext Dublin.

IGM Financial
  On June 2, 2026, IGM issued $200 million 4.407% debentures due June 2, 2036 and $200 million 5.002% debentures
    due June 2, 2056. The net proceeds of the offering were used by IGM to fund the early redemption on July 2, 2026,
    subsequent to quarter-end, of all of its outstanding $400 million aggregate principal amount of 3.44% debentures due
    January 26, 2027.

The Corporation itself is not subject to externally imposed regulatory capital requirements; however, Great West and certain
of its main subsidiaries, certain of IGM’s subsidiaries and certain of the Corporation’s other subsidiaries are subject to
regulatory capital requirements. Parts B and C of this MD&A further describe the capital management activities of Great West
and IGM, respectively. See Note 22 to the Corporation’s 2025 Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.

RATINGS
The current rating by Standard & Poor’s (S&P) of the Corporation’s debentures is “A+” with a stable outlook. Morningstar
DBRS’ current rating on the Corporation’s debentures is “A” with a stable rating trend.
Credit ratings are intended to provide investors with an independent measure of the credit quality of the securities of a
corporation and are indicators of the likelihood of payment and the capacity of a corporation to meet its obligations in
accordance with the terms of each obligation. Descriptions of the rating categories for each of the agencies set forth below
have been obtained from the respective rating agencies’ websites. These ratings are not a recommendation to buy, sell or
hold the securities of a corporation and do not address market price or other factors that might determine suitability of a
specific security for a particular investor. The ratings also may not reflect the potential impact of all risks on the value of
securities and are subject to revision or withdrawal at any time by the rating organization.
The “A+” rating assigned to the Corporation’s debentures by S&P is the fifth highest of the 22 ratings used for long-term debt.
A long-term debenture rated “A+” is somewhat more susceptible to the adverse effects of changes in circumstances and
economic conditions than obligations in higher-rated categories; however, the obligor’s capacity to meet its financial
commitment on the obligation is still strong.
The “A” rating assigned to the Corporation’s debentures by Morningstar DBRS is the sixth highest of the 26 ratings used for
long-term debt. A long-term debenture rated “A” implies that the capacity for repayment is substantial, but of lesser credit
quality than AA, and may be vulnerable to future events, although qualifying negative factors are considered manageable.
The current rating by S&P of Power Financial’s debentures is “A+” with a stable outlook. Morningstar DBRS’ current rating on
Power Financial’s debentures is “A (High)” with a stable trend.
Parts B and C of this MD&A provide information on the ratings of the debentures of Great West and IGM, respectively.




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6   A  63
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       RISK MANAGEMENT
                                       Power Corporation is an international management and holding company that focuses on financial services in North America,




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       Europe and Asia. Its core holdings are leading insurance, retirement, wealth management and investment businesses
                                       including a portfolio of alternative asset investment platforms. The Corporation, through Power Financial, holds a controlling
                                       interest in Great West and IGM and also holds a joint controlling interest in Parjointco, which itself holds a controlling interest
                                       in GBL. As a result, the Corporation bears the risks associated with being a significant shareholder of these operating
                                       companies. A complete description of these risks is presented in their public disclosures. The respective boards of directors
                                       of Great West, IGM and GBL are responsible for the risk oversight function at their respective companies. The risk committees
                                       of the boards of directors of Great West and IGM are responsible for their risk oversight. Certain officers of the Corporation
                                       are members of these boards and their committees, including the risk committees, and, consequently, in their role as
                                       directors, they participate in the risk oversight function at the operating companies. Parts B and C of this MD&A further
                                       describe risks related to Great West and IGM, respectively.

                                       RISK OVERSIGHT
                                       The Corporation believes that a prudent approach to risk is achieved through a governance model that focuses on the active
                                       oversight of its investments. Management, under the Board of Directors’ oversight, is responsible for risk management
                                       associated with the investment activities and operations of the holding company and maintains a comprehensive and
                                       appropriate set of policies and controls.
                                       The Board of Directors provides oversight over risk management primarily through the following committees:
                                         The Audit Committee addresses risks related to financial reporting, cybersecurity and the use of artificial intelligence.
                                         The Human Resources Committee considers risks associated with the Corporation’s compensation policies and practices.
                                         The Governance and Sustainability Committee oversees the Corporation’s approach to appropriately address potential
                                           risks related to governance and sustainability matters.
                                         The Related Party and Conduct Review Committee reviews and considers for approval transactions with related parties
                                           of the Corporation.
                                       There are certain risks inherent in an investment in the securities of the Corporation as well as in its activities, and investors
                                       should carefully consider these risks before investing in securities of the Corporation. The 2025 Annual MD&A reviews certain
                                       risks that could impact the financial condition and financial performance, and the value of the equity of the Corporation. This
                                       description of risks does not include all possible risks, and there may be other risks of which the Corporation is not currently
                                       aware.
                                       During the six-month period ended June 30, 2026, there were no significant changes to the Corporation’s risk oversight
                                       approach, and to the identification and management of the specific risks.




                                           A  64                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


FINANCIAL INSTRU MENTS AND OTHER INSTRUMENTS




                                                                                                                                                                     PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT
At June 30, 2026, there have been changes to the carrying amounts and fair value of the Corporation and its subsidiaries’
assets and liabilities recorded at fair value since December 31, 2025. These changes did not have a material impact on the
financial condition of the Corporation and its subsidiaries. See Note 19 to the Corporation’s Interim Consolidated Financial
Statements for additional disclosure of the Corporation’s fair value measurement.

DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
In the course of their activities, the Corporation and its subsidiaries use derivative financial instruments. When using such
derivatives, they only act as limited end-users and not as market makers in such derivatives.
The use of derivatives is monitored and reviewed on a regular basis by senior management of the Corporation and by senior
management of its subsidiaries. The Corporation and its subsidiaries have each established operating policies, guidelines
and procedures relating to the use of derivative financial instruments, which in particular focus on:
  prohibiting the use of derivative instruments for speculative purposes;
  documenting transactions and ensuring their consistency with risk management policies;
  demonstrating the effectiveness of the hedging relationships; and
  monitoring the hedging relationships.
There were no major changes to the Corporation and its subsidiaries’ policies and procedures with respect to the use of
derivative instruments in the six-month period ended June 30, 2026. The following table provides a summary of the
Corporation and its subsidiaries’ derivatives portfolio:
                                                                                                           June 30, 2026                      December 31, 2025
                                                                                             Maximum                 Total              Maximum              Total
                                                                          Notional           credit risk        fair value   Notional   credit risk     fair value

Power Corporation                                                             365                 131                131        509          258            257
Power Financial                                                                 26                  42                 42        36            32             32
Great West                                                                76,077                2,111               (802)    70,777        1,863           (549)
IGM                                                                           929                   81                 70     1,766            70             55
Other subsidiaries                                                         3,295                    62                 43     3,192            67             57
                                                                          80,327                2,296               (647)    75,771        2,032           (405)
                                                                          80,692                2,427               (516)    76,280        2,290           (148)


During the six-month period ended June 30, 2026, there was an increase of $4.4 billion in the notional amount of derivatives
outstanding, primarily due to increases in volume of hedging activities by Great West. The Corporation and its subsidiaries’
exposure to derivative counterparty risk (which represents the current fair value of instruments in a gain position) increased
to $2,427 million at June 30, 2026 from $2,290 million at December 31, 2025.
Parts B and C of the 2025 Annual MD&A provide information on the types of derivative financial instruments used by
Great West and IGM, respectively.
See Note 28 to the Corporation’s 2025 Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                             A  65
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       GUARANTEES
                                       In the normal course of their operations, the Corporation and its subsidiaries may enter into certain agreements, the nature
                                       of which precludes the possibility of making a reasonable estimate of the maximum potential amount the Corporation or
                                       subsidiary could be required to pay third parties, as some of these agreements do not specify a maximum amount and the
                                       amounts are dependent on the outcome of future contingent events, the nature and likelihood of which cannot be
                                       determined. See also Note 34 to the Corporation’s 2025 Consolidated Financial Statements.

                                       LETTERS OF CREDIT
                                       In the normal course of its reinsurance business, Great West provides letters of credit to other parties or beneficiaries. A
                                       beneficiary will typically hold a letter of credit as collateral to secure statutory credit for insurance and investment contract
                                       liabilities ceded to or amounts due from Great West. Great West may be required to seek collateral alternatives if it is unable
                                       to renew existing letters of credit on maturity. See also Part B of this MD&A.
                                       Potentia and Power Sustainable Energy Infrastructure have issued letters of credit to support required lender reserves,
                                       performance guarantees for operating solar and wind assets, and commitments for projects under construction.
                                       See also Note 34 to the Corporation’s 2025 Consolidated Financial Statements.


                                       CONTINGENT LIABILITIES

                                       The Corporation and its subsidiaries are from time to time subject to legal actions, including arbitrations and class actions,
                                       arising in the normal course of business. It is inherently difficult to predict the outcome of any of these proceedings with
                                       certainty, and it is possible that an adverse resolution could have a material adverse effect on the consolidated financial
                                       position of the Corporation. However, based on information presently known, it is not expected that any of the existing legal
                                       actions, either individually or in the aggregate, will have a material adverse effect on the consolidated financial position of the
                                       Corporation. See also Parts B and C of this MD&A and Note 33 to the Corporation’s 2025 Consolidated Financial Statements.


                                       COMMITMENTS AND CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS
                                       At June 30, 2026, there have been no material changes in the contractual obligations of the Corporation and its subsidiaries
                                       from those reported in the 2025 Annual MD&A, except for:
                                         Great West has entered into an agreement to acquire Milliman’s retirement plan and benefits administration business for
                                           approximately US$340 million, which is expected to close in the second half of 2026, subject to customary closing
                                           conditions and regulatory approvals. Refer to the section “Great West” for additional information.


                                       SUMMARY OF CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AN D JU DGMENTS
                                       In the preparation of the financial statements, management of the Corporation and managements of its subsidiaries are
                                       required to make significant judgments, estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, net
                                       earnings, comprehensive income and related disclosures. The results of the Corporation reflect the judgments of the
                                       managements of the Corporation and of its subsidiaries regarding the impact of prevailing market conditions related to global
                                       credit, equities, investment properties and foreign exchange, as well as, with respect to Great West, prevailing health and
                                       mortality experience. Key sources of estimation, uncertainty and areas where significant judgments are made by the
                                       management of the Corporation and the managements of its subsidiaries include: the entities to be consolidated or
                                       accounted for using the equity method, fair value measurements, expected credit losses, valuation of goodwill and intangible
                                       assets, valuation of insurance contract liabilities, income taxes and pension plans and other post-employment benefits. These
                                       are described in the Corporation’s 2025 Annual MD&A and the notes to the Corporation’s 2025 Consolidated Financial
                                       Statements.




                                           A  66                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES

There were no changes to the Corporation’s accounting policies from those reported at December 31, 2025, except for:




                                                                                                                                    PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
The Corporation adopted the amendments to IFRS Accounting Standards for IFRS 9, Financial Instruments and IFRS 7,
Financial Instruments: Disclosures, effective January 1, 2026. The amendments clarify the classification of financial assets with
environmental, social and corporate governance and similar features, the settlement of liabilities through electronic payment
systems, and introduce additional disclosure requirements to enhance transparency for investors.
These amendments did not impact the financial statements of the Corporation, except as indicated below:
  The Corporation applied the election permitted by the amendments to deem a financial liability (or part of a financial
    liability) that is settled using an electronic payment system to be derecognized before the settlement date if specified
    criteria are met. The Corporation applied this election to all settlements made through electronic payment systems
    meeting the criteria.
  For cash settlement of financial liabilities that did not qualify for the election at period-end, the Corporation derecognized
    the associated liabilities on the settlement date. The adoption of this amendment did not have a material impact on the
    financial statements.
These amendments are applied retrospectively and the comparative information has not been restated.


FUTURE ACCOUNTING CHANGES
The Corporation and its subsidiaries actively monitor changes in IFRS, both proposed and released, by the IASB and analyze
the effect that changes in the standards may have on the consolidated financial statements when they become effective.
There have been no significant changes to the standards released and updates to the future accounting changes from those
disclosed in Note 2 to the Corporation’s 2025 Consolidated Financial Statements.


TRANSACTIONS WITH RELATED PARTIES
Power Corporation has a Related Party and Conduct Review Committee composed entirely of Directors who are independent
of management and independent of the Corporation’s controlling shareholder. The mandate of this committee is to review
proposed transactions with related parties of the Corporation, including its controlling shareholder, and to approve only those
transactions that it deems appropriate and that are done at market terms and conditions.
In the normal course of business, Power Corporation and its subsidiaries enter into various transactions which include capital
commitments to investment funds, including commitments from management, performance and base management fees paid
to subsidiaries of the group, employee ownership participations and loans to subsidiaries and employees. The alternative
asset investment platforms also provide management of debt instruments, sub-advisory and property management services
to other subsidiaries within the group. Such transactions are at market terms and conditions and are reviewed by the
appropriate related party and conduct review committee.
In the normal course of business, Canada Life and other Great West subsidiaries enter into various transactions with related
companies which include providing group insurance benefits and sub-advisory services to other companies within the Power
Corporation group of companies. Such transactions are at market terms and conditions. These transactions are reviewed by
the appropriate related party and conduct review committee.
Great West provides asset management, employee benefits and administrative services for employee benefit plans relating
to pension and other post-employment benefits for its employees, employees of its subsidiaries, and employees of Power
Corporation and Power Financial. These transactions are at market terms and conditions and are reviewed by the appropriate
related party and conduct review committee.
IGM enters into transactions with subsidiaries of Great West. These transactions are in the normal course of operations and
include i) providing certain administrative services; ii) distributing insurance products; and iii) sub-advisory services. These
transactions are at market terms and conditions and are reviewed by the appropriate related party and conduct review committee.
Great West renewed its NCIB commencing January 6, 2026 and terminating January 5, 2027 to purchase for cancellation up
to but not more than 20 million of its common shares at market prices. Great West has amended its current NCIB to increase
the maximum number of common shares that may be repurchased from 20 million common shares to 40 million common
shares. The amendment is expected to become effective on July 31, 2026. The amended NCIB continues to permit Great West
to repurchase its shares from Power Financial and certain of Power Financial’s wholly owned subsidiaries in connection with
the NCIB pursuant to an automatic disposition plan, in order for Power Financial to maintain its approximate proportionate
percentage ownership in Great West. During the six-month period ended June 30, 2026, Great West repurchased and
subsequently cancelled 9.2 million common shares held by Power Financial under the NCIB for proceeds of $636 million.
Refer to the section “Great West” for additional information.


                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6   A  67
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       During the first quarter of 2026, SHMI completed an equity financing round to partially fund the acquisition of Unigestion. The
                                       Corporation, Great West and management of SHMI invested an additional US$85.5 million in SHMI, acquiring a combined
                                       fully diluted equity interest of 10.1%. The Corporation also provided debt financing of US$50 million to SHMI, at market terms.




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       Refer to the section “Sagard and Power Sustainable” for additional information.
                                       See Note 32 to the Corporation’s 2025 Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.

                                       INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING
                                       The Corporation’s internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
                                       reliability of financial reporting and that the preparation of financial statements for external purposes is in accordance with
                                       IFRS, as issued by the IASB. The Corporation’s management, under the supervision of the Chief Executive Officer and the
                                       Chief Financial Officer, is responsible for establishing and maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting. All
                                       internal control systems have inherent limitations and may become ineffective because of changes in conditions. Therefore,
                                       even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement
                                       preparation and presentation.
                                       As a management and holding company, the Corporation’s business activities are carried out through its investments in
                                       businesses, each of which has its own management team. Accordingly, the Corporation’s management relies on the
                                       certifications filed by management of Great West and IGM pursuant to National Instrument 52-109 – Certification of Disclosure
                                       in Issuers’ Annual and Interim Filings, as well as a sub-certification process by management at its other significant subsidiaries
                                       and investees in order to make determinations regarding the Corporation’s disclosure controls and procedures and internal
                                       control over financial reporting.
                                       There have been no changes in the Corporation’s internal control over financial reporting during the three-month period
                                       ended June 30, 2026 which have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Corporation’s internal
                                       control over financial reporting.

                                       POWER FINANCIAL CORPORATION
                                       Power Financial relies on certain of the continuous disclosure documents filed by Power Corporation of Canada pursuant to
                                       an exemption from the requirements of National Instrument 51-102 – Continuous Disclosure Obligations and as provided in
                                       the decision of the Autorité des marchés financiers and the Ontario Securities Commission, dated September 10, 2024,
                                       regarding Power Financial and Power Corporation (the Decision). The following disclosure is provided further to the
                                       requirements of the Decision:
                                                                                                                                                 Corporate              Effect of                    Total             Total
                                       At June 30, 2026                                                  Great West                  IGM        and other [1]      consolidation           Power Financial Power Corporation

                                       Total assets                                                        946,011              21,780             68,112               (27,451)                 1,008,452       1,019,330
                                       Total liabilities                                                   911,409              12,400             39,266                   (598)                 962,477          972,842
                                       [1] Includes Power Financial’s investment activities including its investment in Portage Ventures I, Portage Ventures II and Wealthsimple.




                                                                                                                                                                                                     Power            Power
                                       For the twelve-month period ended June 30, 2026                                                                                                            Financial      Corporation



                                       Cash flows from operations                                                                                                                                  5,684              5,620




                                       Further to the Decision, the earnings coverage ratios set forth below have been prepared in accordance with Item 6.1 of
                                       Form 44-101F1 – Short Form Prospectus:
                                                                                                                                                                                                                Net earnings
                                                                                                                                                                                                               attributable to
                                                                                                                                                                                         Net earnings of      shareholders of
                                       For the twelve-month period ended June 30, 2026                                                                                                   Power Financial      Power Financial

                                       Earnings coverage ratio (preferred shares (and debt)) [1]                                                                                                      7.4                5.4
                                       Earnings coverage ratio (debt) [2]                                                                                                                           13.4                 9.7
                                       [1] The earnings coverage ratio (preferred shares (and debt)) is calculated based on net earnings of Power Financial before financing charges and income taxes for the
                                           twelve months ended June 30, 2026, divided by the aggregate dividend and financing charge requirements for this period. Power Financial’s annualized dividend
                                           requirements on all of its preferred shares, including those of subsidiaries, have been adjusted to a pre-tax equivalent using an effective income tax rate of 18.2% for the
                                           twelve months ended June 30, 2026.
                                       [2] The earnings coverage ratio (debt) is calculated based on net earnings of Power Financial before financing charges and income taxes for the twelve months ended
                                           June 30, 2026, divided by the aggregate financing charge requirements for this period.




                                             A  68                                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


NON-IFRS FINANCIAL MEASURES




                                                                                                                                                                                   PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
DEFINITIONS
This MD&A presents and discusses financial measures which are not in accordance with IFRS. Management uses these
financial measures in its presentation and analysis of the financial performance of Power Corporation, and believes that they
provide additional meaningful information to readers in their analysis of the results of the Corporation. See also “Statement
Regarding Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Measures”. The non-IFRS financial measures and non-IFRS ratios used in
this MD&A are defined as follows:
Non-IFRS financial measure     Definition                                                                               Purpose
Adjusted net earnings [1]      Net earnings [1] excluding Adjustments.                                                  Assists in the comparison of the current period’s
                                                                                                                        underlying operating performance to that of previous
                                                                                                                        periods as it reflects management’s view of the
                                                                                                                        operating performance of the Corporation and its
                                                                                                                        subsidiaries, excluding items that are not considered to
                                                                                                                        be part of the underlying business results.
                                                                                                                        As a holding company, management reviews and
                                                                                                                        assesses the performance of each operating company’s
                                                                                                                        contribution to net earnings and adjusted net earnings.
  Adjustments                  After-tax impact of any item that in management’s judgment, including                    Identifies items that are not considered part of
                               those identified by management of Great West and IGM, would make                         operating performance by management, including
                               the period-over-period comparison of results from operations less                        items identified by management of Great West and
                               meaningful. Adjustments include the Corporation’s share of Great West’s                  IGM.
                               impact of:
                                  market-related impacts, where actual market returns in the current
                                    period are different than longer-term expected returns;
                                  assumption changes and management actions that impact the
                                    measurement of assets and liabilities;
                                  direct equity and interest rate impacts on the measurement of surplus
                                    assets and liabilities; and
                                  amortization of acquisition-related finite life intangible assets,
                               as well as items that management believes are not indicative of the
                               underlying business results which include those identified by
                               management of a subsidiary or a jointly controlled corporation,
                               including:
                                  business transformation and other impacts (including restructuring
                                    or reorganization and integration costs, acquisition and divestiture
                                    costs);
                                  material legal settlements;
                                  material impairment charges;
                                  material impacts of the remeasurement of deferred tax assets and
                                    liabilities including those as a result of income tax rate changes, and
                                    other tax impairments;
                                  certain non-recurring material items, net gains, losses or costs
                                    related to the disposition or acquisition of a business, including
                                    those related to an investment in an associate or jointly controlled
                                    corporation;
                                  impacts related to remeasurements due to market changes that
                                    result in an accounting mismatch including the remeasurement of
                                    derivatives where the hedged item is not also measured at fair value
                                    and hedge accounting is not applied, and the revaluation of
                                    redemption liabilities, share warrants and conversion options on
                                    convertible and exchangeable debt obligations;
                                  the impact of the revaluation of non-controlling interests liabilities
                                    related to PSEIP which result from changes in fair value of assets
                                    held within the fund, and the share of earnings (losses) from the
                                    consolidated activities of PSEIP attributable to third-party investors;
                                    and
                                  other items that, when removed, assist in explaining underlying
                                    operating performance.
[1] Attributable to participating shareholders of Power Corporation.




                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                                        A  69
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       Non-IFRS financial measure   Definition                                                                            Purpose
                                       Adjusted net asset value     Adjusted net asset value represents the fair value of the participating               Presents the fair value of the participating shareholders’
                                                                    shareholders’ equity of Power Corporation. Adjusted net asset value is                equity of the holding company and is used to assist in




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                    calculated as the fair value of the assets of the combined Power                      assessing value.
                                                                    Corporation and Power Financial holding company less their net debt                   This measure may be used by investors and analysts in
                                                                    and preferred shares.                                                                 determining or comparing the fair value of investments
                                                                    The investments held in publicly traded entities (including Great West,               held by the holding company or its overall fair value.
                                                                    IGM and GBL) are measured at their market value and investments in
                                                                    private entities and investment funds are measured at management’s
                                                                    estimate of fair value.
                                                                    The definition of adjusted net asset value involves a number of
                                                                    assumptions, judgments and estimates that may prove to be inaccurate,
                                                                    and the adjusted net asset value per share is not a representation or
                                                                    guarantee of the value a participating shareholder will be able to
                                                                    realize.
                                       Consolidated assets under    Consolidated assets under management and advisement includes                          Consolidated assets under management and
                                         management and             assets managed on behalf of clients which are beneficially owned by                   advisement and Consolidated assets and assets under
                                         advisement, and            clients including:                                                                    administration provide an indicator of the size and
                                       Consolidated assets and          Internally and externally managed funds, including proprietary                   volume of the Corporation’s consolidated businesses,
                                         assets under                     mutual funds, exchange-traded funds and institutional assets,                   including the publicly traded operating companies and
                                         administration                   where the Corporation’s publicly traded operating companies                     alternative asset investment platforms.
                                                                          and alternative asset investment platforms have oversight of the                Consolidated assets and assets under administration
                                                                          investment policies; and                                                        includes assets in which the Corporation’s consolidated
                                                                       The fair value of assets managed on behalf of the clients by asset                publicly traded operating companies and investment
                                                                         managers controlled within the investment platforms, including                   management services businesses only provide
                                                                         assets managed through a separately managed account.                             administration services, which are an important aspect
                                                                                                                                                          of the overall business and should be considered when
                                                                    Services provided in respect of assets under management and                           comparing volumes, size and trends.
                                                                    advisement include the selection of investments, the provision of
                                                                    investment advice, discretionary portfolio management on behalf of
                                                                    clients and/or the provision of financial advice.
                                                                    Consolidated assets and assets under administration includes
                                                                    consolidated assets under management and advisement, assets under
                                                                    administration only, and other assets on the balance sheet. Assets under
                                                                    administration only includes assets where the Corporation’s
                                                                    consolidated publicly traded operating companies and investment
                                                                    management services businesses only provide administration services
                                                                    for which they earn fees and other income. These assets are beneficially
                                                                    owned by the clients and the Corporation’s operating subsidiaries do
                                                                    not direct the investing activities. Services provided relating to assets
                                                                    under administration only include record keeping, safekeeping,
                                                                    collecting investment income, settling of transactions or other
                                                                    administrative services.
                                                                    Other balance sheet assets include insurance contract assets,
                                                                    reinsurance contract assets, goodwill and intangible assets, other assets,
                                                                    as well as the portion of investments (including investments in jointly
                                                                    controlled corporations and associates) and investments on account of
                                                                    segregated fund policyholders not included within consolidated assets
                                                                    under management and advisement.
                                       Fee-related earnings         Fee-related earnings is presented for Sagard and Power Sustainable                    This measure is presented for the alternative asset
                                       (of alternative asset        and includes management fees and fee-related performance revenues                     investment platforms, Sagard and Power Sustainable,
                                       investment platforms)        earned across all asset classes, less investment platform expenses which              and is used to assess the profitability from their asset
                                                                    include i) fee-related compensation including salary, bonus, and                      management activities. This financial measure provides
                                                                    benefits, and ii) operating expenses. Fee-related performance revenues                insight as to whether recurring revenues from
                                                                    represents the realized portion of performance revenues from                          management fees and fee-related performance
                                                                    perpetual capital vehicles that are i) measured and expected to be                    revenues, which are not based on future realization
                                                                    received on a recurring basis, ii) not dependent on realization events                events, are sufficient to cover associated operating
                                                                    from underlying investments, and iii) not subject to clawback. Fee-                   expenses.
                                                                    related earnings is presented on a gross pre-tax basis, including non-
                                                                    controlling interests.
                                                                    Fee-related earnings excludes i) share-based compensation expenses,
                                                                    ii) amortization of acquisition-related finite life intangible assets,
                                                                    iii) foreign exchange-related gains and losses, iv) net interest, and
                                                                    v) other items that in management’s judgment are not indicative of
                                                                    underlying operating performance of the alternative asset investment
                                                                    platforms, which include restructuring costs, transaction and integration
                                                                    costs related to business acquisitions and certain non-recurring material
                                                                    items.




                                            A  70                                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


Non-IFRS ratio                 Definition                                                                               Purpose
Adjusted net earnings          Earnings per share calculated using adjusted net earnings.                               Assists in comparing adjusted net earnings on a per
  per share                    Adjusted net earnings divided by the weighted average number of                          share basis; refer to “Adjusted net earnings” definition




                                                                                                                                                                                        PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                               participating shares outstanding.                                                        above.
Adjusted net asset value       Adjusted net asset value calculated on a per share basis.                                Assists the reader in comparing the adjusted net asset
  per share                    Adjusted net asset value divided by the number of participating shares                   value on a per share basis; refer to “Adjusted net asset
                               outstanding at the end of the reporting period.                                          value” definition above.


These non-IFRS financial measures do not have a standard meaning and may not be comparable to similar measures used by
other entities.

RECONCILIATIONS OF IFRS AND NON-IFRS FINANCIAL MEASURES
Adjusted Net Earnings
The following table presents a reconciliation of adjusted net earnings, a non-IFRS financial measure, to net earnings reported
in accordance with IFRS. Adjusted net earnings is presented in the section “Contribution to Net Earnings and Adjusted Net
Earnings”:
                                                                                                                        Three months ended                          Six months ended
                                                                                            June 30,           March 31,            June 30,             June 30,           June 30,
                                                                                               2026                2026                2025                 2026               2025

Adjusted net earnings - Non-IFRS financial measure [1]                                          974                  905               883                1,879              1,670

Share of Adjustments [2], net of tax
  Great West                                                                                   (197)                 (44)             (168)                (241)              (286)
  IGM                                                                                           (43)                   (1)                8                  (44)                  6
  GBL                                                                                              −                    −                 −                   −                    22
  Sagard and Power Sustainable                                                                  (16)                 (40)                49                  (56)                  37
  Corporate operations and Other                                                                (28)                    −                 −                  (28)                  12
                                                                                               (284)                 (85)             (111)                (369)              (209)
Net earnings - IFRS financial measure [1]                                                       690                  820               772                1,510              1,461
[1] Attributable to participating shareholders of Power Corporation.
[2] Refer to the section “Adjustments” for more details on Adjustments from Great West, IGM, GBL, Sagard and Power Sustainable and Corporate operations and Other.




                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                                          A  71
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       Adjustments (excluded from Adjusted net earnings)
                                       The following table presents the Corporation’s share of Adjustments on a pre- and post-tax basis:




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                                                                                 Three months ended                   Six months ended
                                                                                                                                       June 30,          March 31,             June 30,         June 30,      June 30,
                                                                                                                                          2026               2026                 2025             2026          2025
                                       Great West [1]
                                         Market experience relative to expectations (pre-tax)                                             (152)                  21                 (80)          (131)          (157)
                                            Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                     37                 (10)                   8            27             23
                                         Assumption changes and management actions (pre-tax)                                                (18)                   1                  (3)          (17)           (32)
                                            Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                      2                    1                   1              3             8
                                         Business transformation and other impacts (pre-tax) [2]                                              (6)               (29)              (124)            (35)          (133)
                                            Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                      2                    7                 41               9            43
                                         Amortization of acquisition-related finite life
                                           intangible assets (pre-tax)                                                                      (32)                (31)                (34)           (63)           (69)
                                            Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                      8                    8                   8            16             18
                                         Tax legislative changes and other tax impacts                                                        −                    3                  −               3             −
                                            Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                      −                   (3)                  8             (3)            8
                                                                                                                                          (159)                 (32)              (175)           (191)          (291)
                                          Effect of consolidation (pre-tax) [3]                                                             (41)                (12)                   7           (53)             5
                                             Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                     3                   −                   −               3             −
                                                                                                                                          (197)                 (44)              (168)           (241)          (286)
                                       IGM [1]
                                         Restructuring and other (pre-tax)                                                                  (61)                  −                   −            (61)             −
                                            Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                     16                   −                   −             16              −
                                         Rockefeller equity compensation (pre-tax)                                                            (1)                 −                   −              (1)            −
                                            Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                      −                   −                   −               -             −
                                         Gain on partial sale of investment in associates (pre-tax)                                           7                   −                   −               7             −
                                            Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                      (1)                 −                   −              (1)            −
                                         Share of Great West adjustments (pre-tax)                                                            (4)                 −                   (4)            (4)           (6)
                                                                                                                                            (44)                  −                   (4)          (44)            (6)
                                          Effect of consolidation (pre-tax) [3]                                                               1                   (1)                14              −             14
                                             Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                     −                   −                   (2)            −             (2)
                                                                                                                                            (43)                  (1)                  8           (44)             6
                                       GBL
                                         Affidea's gain on debt modification (pre-tax and post-tax)                                           −                   −                   −              −             22

                                       Sagard and Power Sustainable
                                         Revaluation of Sagard NCI liabilities (pre-tax)                                                    (24)                  −                   −            (24)             −
                                            Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                      1                   −                   −               1             −
                                         Revaluation of PSEIP NCI liabilities and
                                           other market-related impacts (pre-tax)                                                             7                 (40)                 38            (33)            24
                                            Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                      −                   −                  11              −             13
                                                                                                                                            (16)                (40)                 49            (56)            37
                                       Corporate operations and Other
                                         Impairment charge on LMPG                                                                          (28)                  −                   −            (28)             −
                                         LMPG remeasurement of deferred tax liabilities                                                       −                   −                   −              −             12
                                                                                                                                            (28)                  −                   −            (28)            12
                                                                                                                                          (284)                 (85)              (111)           (369)          (209)
                                       [1] As reported by Great West and IGM.
                                       [2] Business transformation and other impacts include acquisition and divestiture costs as well as restructuring and integration costs.
                                       [3] The Effect of consolidation reflects i) the elimination of intercompany transactions; and ii) the application of the Corporation’s accounting method for investments under
                                           common ownership to the Adjustments reported by Great West and IGM, including a realized gain recognized by IGM in the second quarter of 2025 on the sale of a
                                           portion of its interest in Conquest, a corporate investment classified by IGM as FVOCI.




                                             A  72                                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


Adjusted Net Asset Value
The following table presents a reconciliation of the participating shareholders’ equity reported in accordance with IFRS to the




                                                                                                                                                             PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
adjusted net asset value, a non-IFRS financial measure. Adjusted net asset value is presented in the section “Adjusted Net
Asset Value”:
                                                                                                                                   June 30,   December 31,
                                                                                                                                      2026          2025

Participating shareholders’ equity – IFRS financial measure
    Share capital – participating shares                                                                                            9,123          9,159
    Retained earnings                                                                                                              11,377         11,674
    Reserves                                                                                                                        3,260          2,249
                                                                                                                                   23,760         23,082
Fair value adjustments [1]
    Great West                                                                                                                     37,433         24,910
    IGM                                                                                                                             7,272          4,807
    GBL                                                                                                                              (246)           (600)
    Sagard and Power Sustainable                                                                                                    2,689          2,324
    Other investments [2]                                                                                                               (6)             3
                                       [1]
Adjustments to Other liabilities                                                                                                      196               −
                                                                                                                                   47,338         31,444
Adjusted net asset value – Non-IFRS financial measure                                                                              71,098         54,526
              [3]
Per share
Participating shareholders’ equity (book value)                                                                                     37.74          36.31
Adjusted net asset value                                                                                                           112.94          85.77
[1] Refer to the section “Adjusted Net Asset Value” for more details on the fair value and other adjustments.
[2] Certain comparatives have been reclassified to conform with the current presentation.
[3] Attributable to participating shareholders.


Consolidated Assets Under Management and Advisement, and Consolidated Assets and Assets Under Administration
                                                                                                                                   June 30,   December 31,
(in billions of dollars)                                                                                                              2026          2025

Total consolidated assets under management and advisement                                                                           1,624          1,433
Assets under administration only                                                                                                    2,557          2,267
                                                                                                                                    4,181          3,700
Other assets on balance sheets                                                                                                        279            271
Total consolidated assets and assets under administration                                                                           4,460          3,971

    of which: total balance sheet assets                                                                                            1,019            926




                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                A  73
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       Fee-related earnings (of alternative asset investment platforms)
                                       The following table presents the reconciliation of the net earnings attributable to participating shareholders of Power




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       Corporation in accordance with IFRS to the fee-related earnings of the alternative asset investment platforms, a non-IFRS
                                       financial measure. Fee-related earnings is presented in the section “Asset Management Activities” of the section “Sagard and
                                       Power Sustainable”.
                                                                                                                                                                 Three months ended                        Six months ended
                                                                                                                                        June 30,          March 31,            June 30,          June 30,          June 30,
                                                                                                                                           2026               2026                2025              2026              2025
                                       Net earnings attributable to participating shareholders of
                                        Power Corporation - IFRS financial measure                                                          690                 820                 772           1,510             1,461
                                       Excluding:
                                          Contribution to net earnings from Great West                                                     (665)               (802)               (627)         (1,467)           (1,207)
                                          Contribution to net earnings from IGM                                                            (157)               (172)               (152)           (329)             (299)
                                          Contribution to net earnings from GBL                                                                5                (20)                 15             (15)               (10)
                                          Contribution to net earnings from Great West, IGM and GBL                                        (817)               (994)               (764)         (1,811)           (1,516)
                                          Contribution to net earnings from Corporate
                                           operations and Other [1]                                                                         140                 116                 134             256               219
                                       Contribution to net earnings from Alternative Asset
                                        Investment Platforms and Other                                                                        13                (58)                142             (45)              164
                                       Excluding:
                                          Investing activities                                                                               (28)                 43               (148)             15              (180)
                                       Contribution to net earnings from Asset Management Activities                                         (15)               (15)                  (6)           (30)               (16)

                                       Adjustments:
                                       Sagard
                                          Non-controlling interests                                                                          (10)                 (4)                12             (14)                 4
                                          Loss (earnings) from private wealth platform and other
                                           asset management activities                                                                         −                   1                   −               1                −
                                          Net carried interest                                                                               (37)                 (6)               (30)            (43)               (34)
                                          Share-based compensation                                                                             2                   5                   1               7                 7
                                          Amortization of intangibles                                                                          9                   4                   2             13                  3
                                          Acquisition-related costs [2]                                                                        1                   4                   4               5                 6
                                          Change in fair value of NCI liabilities [3]                                                         54                  (2)                 (2)            52                 (2)
                                          Income taxes and other                                                                              (9)                 (4)                  2            (13)                 1
                                       Power Sustainable
                                          Non-controlling interests                                                                           (2)                 (1)                 (1)             (3)               (3)
                                          Loss (earnings) from development and asset management
                                           activities provided by Potentia and Nautilus on behalf of PSEIP                                     4                   7                   3             11                  1
                                          Net carried interest                                                                                (2)                 (3)                  4              (5)                7
                                          Share-based compensation                                                                             1                   −                   2               1                 2
                                                                                                                                              11                   1                  (3)            12                 (8)
                                       Fee-related earnings (loss) - Non-IFRS financial measure                                               (4)               (14)                  (9)           (18)               (24)
                                       Sagard                                                                                                  2                  (7)                 (3)             (5)              (11)
                                       Power Sustainable                                                                                      (6)                 (7)                 (6)           (13)               (13)
                                       [1] Certain comparatives have been reclassified to conform with the current presentation.
                                       [2] Includes transaction and restructuring costs, and changes in fair value related to contingent consideration.
                                       [3] Includes the revaluation adjustment on SHMI’s non-controlling interests liabilities in BEX, resulting from a positive revision to earnings expectations.




                                             A  74                                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


OTHER MEASURES

This MD&A also includes other measures, which include:




                                                                                                                                                 PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
Term                                  Definition
Accumulated unrealized carried        Accumulated unrealized carried interest generated represents the carried interest that would be
 interest                             receivable under the contractual fund agreements at the respective fair value of each fund investment
                                      at the period-end date, assuming the fund was liquidated and all underlying investments were
                                      realized at those fair values on that date. Accumulated unrealized carried interest includes amounts
                                      that have been recognized under IFRS as well as amounts that have not been recognized. This
                                      measure provides insight into the potential carried interest that may be realized in the future based on
                                      the current investment performance.
Assets under management and           Operating asset management and investment management services businesses within the Power
 administration                       group, including IGM, alternative asset managers and Wealthsimple, present the total value of assets
                                      managed or administered which are beneficially owned by clients and are not recognized in the
                                      consolidated financial statements. The composition of the assets under management and
                                      administration is relative to the activities of the asset managers and are further defined as follows:
  Assets under management             AUM&A represents the consolidated AUM and AUA of IGM’s core businesses IG Wealth Management
   and advisement (AUM&A)             and Mackenzie Investments. In IGM’s Wealth Management segment, AUM is a component part of AUA.
   of IGM                             Assets under management are client assets where IGM provides investment management services,
                                      and include investment funds where IGM is the fund manager, investment advisory mandates to
                                      institutions, and other client accounts where IGM has discretionary portfolio management
                                      responsibilities.
                                      Assets under advisement represents savings and investment products held within the client accounts
                                      of IGM’s Wealth Management segment’s core business.
  Assets under management             Represents IGM’s AUM&A excluding non-fee‑bearing assets which are institutional client assets for
   and advisement excluding           which IGM does not earn ongoing advisory fees. IGM includes these assets in its AUM&A for reporting
   non-fee-bearing assets             completeness but they do not contribute to its recurring fee revenue.
   (AUM&A excluding non-fee-
   bearing assets) of IGM
  Assets under management             AUM&A including SI represents IGM’s AUM&A including its proportionate share of the AUM&A of
   and advisement including           strategic investments, based on IGM’s interest in the strategic investments. The strategic investments
   strategic investments              included are those whose activities are primarily in asset and wealth management, and include
   (AUM&A including SI) of IGM        interests in ChinaAMC, Northleaf, Rockefeller and Wealthsimple. Rockefeller client assets include
                                      assets under management and advisement as well as assets held for investment purposes and only
                                      receiving administrative services.
  Assets under management of          Assets under management of investment platforms include:
   alternative asset investment          Net asset value of the investment funds and co-investment vehicles managed, including unfunded
   platforms                                 commitments and permanent leverage;
                                         Gross asset value of investment funds managed within the real estate platform, including unfunded
                                             commitments; and
                                         Fair value of assets managed on behalf of the Corporation and clients by asset managers controlled
                                             within the investment platforms, including assets managed through a separately managed account.
 Assets under administration of       Assets under administration includes the total value of assets held on behalf of clients and includes
  Wealthsimple                        client assets in which investment management services are provided.
Book value per                        Represents Power Corporation’s participating shareholders’ equity divided by the number of
 participating share                  participating shares outstanding at the end of the reporting period.

Capital commitments                   Represents the total amount of capital that a limited partner investor has contractually agreed to
                                      contribute to an investment fund over the life of the fund. A commitment to an investment fund is a
                                      legally binding obligation and represents the maximum capital the fund manager can call from the
                                      investor over the investment period.

Carried interest                      Carried interest is earned through a contractual arrangement between alternative asset managers and
                                      the funds managed in which the asset manager earns a fixed percentage of investment returns over a
                                      predetermined hurdle return.




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6            A  75
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       Term                               Definition
                                       Fee-bearing capital                Fee-bearing capital includes:




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                             Total capital commitments of venture capital, private equity, and certain private credit funds during
                                                                                the investment period;
                                                                             Net invested capital of private credit funds, funds which have completed their investment period,
                                                                                separately managed accounts within the credit platforms and certain co-investment vehicles;
                                                                             Net asset value of Power Sustainable Energy Infrastructure including direct investments in energy
                                                                                assets, and funds within the real estate platform; and
                                                                             Invested capital or gross asset value of assets managed through separately managed accounts
                                                                                within the real estate platform.
                                                                          Fee-bearing capital excludes capital that is not currently subject to management fees based on the
                                                                          terms of the underlying funds and separately managed accounts.
                                       Market capitalization              Represents the aggregate market value of a company. Market capitalization is determined at a point
                                                                          in time and represents the number of outstanding shares multiplied by the closing share price.

                                       Net asset value                    On a quarterly basis, GBL reports its net asset value as it represents an important criterion used in
                                        reported by GBL                   assessing its performance. GBL's net asset value represents the fair value of its investment portfolio, its
                                                                          gross cash and its treasury shares, less its gross debt.
                                                                             GBL’s investments held in listed entities and treasury shares are measured at their market value,
                                                                                investments in private entities are measured using the recommendations of the International
                                                                                Private Equity and Venture Capital Valuation Guidelines, and recent investments are valued at
                                                                                their acquisition cost, provided that these valuations represent GBL management’s best estimate.
                                                                             GBL Capital’s portfolio of investments is measured by adding all investments at fair value
                                                                                provided by the fund managers with GBL Capital’s net cash, less its net debt.
                                                                             Sienna Investment Managers’ assets are valued at the fair value of the acquired management
                                                                                companies.
                                                                          For more information on GBL's net asset value and valuation principles, refer to its website
                                                                          (www.gbl.com).
                                       Net asset value of                 Net asset value of investment funds represents the fair value of the investments held within the fund,
                                        investment funds                  net of any liabilities.

                                       Net carried interest               Represents carried interest earned, net of direct employee costs which are usually recognized over
                                                                          the vesting period.

                                       Unfunded commitments               Represents the capital that has been committed by limited partners, but not called by the fund. In
                                                                          some cases, unfunded commitments include distributions for funds currently in the investment
                                                                          period, which are recallable by the fund.
                                       Weighted average                   Represents the weighted average management fee rate charged on the fee-bearing capital across all
                                        management fee rate               asset classes during the period.
                                                                          Management fees earned during the period are divided by the average fee-bearing capital of funds,
                                                                          co-investment vehicles and separately managed accounts during such period. Management fees
                                                                          include retroactive management fees earned during the period related to the timing of subsequent
                                                                          fundraising closes.




                                              A  76                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


ABBREVIATIONS

The following abbreviations are used throughout this report:




                                                                                                                                                                                     PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
adidas                           adidas AG                                                   Pernod Ricard                        Pernod Ricard SA
Affidea                          Affidea Group B.V.                                          Portage Capital Solutions            Portage Capital Solutions Fund I LP
Alternative asset                Alternative Asset Investment Platforms                      Portage Ventures I                   Portag3 Ventures Limited Partnership
  investment platforms or                                                                    Portage Ventures Funds               Portage Ventures I, Portag3 Ventures II LP,
  Investment platforms                                                                                                              Portage Ventures III LP, and
BEX                              BEX Capital SAS                                                                                    Portage Ventures IV LP
BEX Funds                        BEX Fund II S.L.P., BEX Fund III S.L.P.                     Potentia or Potentia Renewables      Potentia Renewables Inc.
                                    BEX Fund IV S.L.P., and BEX Fund V S.L.P.                Power Financial                      Power Financial Corporation
BIT                              Borsa Italiana                                              Power group                          The Corporation and the subsidiaries and
Canada Life                      The Canada Life Assurance Company                                                                   affiliated companies of the Corporation
Canyon                           Canyon Bicycles GmbH                                        Power Sustainable                    Power Sustainable Capital Inc.
ChinaAMC                         China Asset Management Co., Ltd.                            Power Sustainable Decarb PE          Power Sustainable Decarbonization Private Equity
Concentrix                       Concentrix Corporation                                      Power Sustainable Energy or          Power Sustainable Energy Infrastructure Inc.
Conquest                         Conquest Planning Inc.                                        Power Sustainable Energy
Diagram                          Diagram Corporation                                           Infrastructure
Diagram Funds                    Diagram Ventures LP, Diagram Ventures II LP,                Power Sustainable                    Power Sustainable Infrastructure
                                    Diagram Ventures III LP, Diagram                           Infrastructure Credit or PSIC        Credit Manager, LP
                                    ClimateTech Fund LP, and Diagram                         Power Sustainable Lios               Power Sustainable Lios Inc.
                                    Opportunity Fund I LP                                    Power Sustainable Manager            Power Sustainable Manager Inc.
EBR                              Euronext Brussels                                             or PSM
Empower                          Empower Annuity Insurance Company of America                PSEIP                                Power Sustainable Energy
EPA                              Euronext Paris                                                                                      Infrastructure Partnership
Franklin Templeton               Franklin Resources, Inc.                                    Rayner                               Rayner Surgical Group
Frère Group                      Groupe Frère / Compagnie Nationale à Portefeuille           Recordati                            Recordati S.p.A.
FVOCI                            Fair value through other comprehensive income               Rockefeller                          Rockefeller Capital Management
FVPL                             Fair value through profit or loss                           Sagard                               Sagard Holdings Inc.
GBL                              Groupe Bruxelles Lambert                                    Sagard CLO Equity                    Sagard CLO Equity Fund LP
GMT                              Global Minimum Tax                                          Sagard Credit Partners I             Sagard Credit Partners, LP, Sagard Credit
Great West                       Great-West Lifeco Inc.                                                                             Partners II, LP, and Sagard Credit
HalseyPoint                      HalseyPoint Asset Management, LLC                                                                  Partners III-U, LP
IASB                             International Accounting Standards Board                    Sagard Healthcare Partners           Sagard Healthcare Royalty Partners, LP
IFRS                             International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS)          Sagard MidCap                        Sagard MidCap II, Sagard MidCap 3, and
                                    Accounting Standards, as issued by the IASB                                                     Sagard MidCap 4
IGM or IGM Financial             IGM Financial Inc.                                          Sagard MidCap II                     Sagard II-A FPCI and Sagard II-B FPCI
IG Wealth Management             IGWM Inc.                                                   Sagard MidCap 3                      Sagard 3 FPCI
Imerys                           Imerys SA                                                   Sagard MidCap 4                      Sagard 4A FPCI and Sagard 4 FIPS
Irish Life                       Irish Life Group Limited                                    Sagard NewGen                        Sagard NewGen FPCI and
Lion or Lion Electric            The Lion Electric Company                                                                          Sagard NewGen 2 FPCI
LMPG                             LMPG Inc.                                                   Sagard Private Credit                Sagard Private Credit LP
Mackenzie or                     Mackenzie Financial Corporation                             Sagard Private Equity Canada         Sagard Private Equity Canada LP
   Mackenzie Investments                                                                       or SPEC
Nautilus or Nautilus Solar       Nautilus Solar Energy, LLC                                  Sagard Private Equity Strategies     Sagard Private Equity Strategies LP
NCIB                             Normal Course Issuer Bid                                    Sagard Senior Lending Partners       Sagard Senior Lending Partners
Northleaf                        Northleaf Capital Group Ltd.                                  or SSLP                              Holdings (I and II) LP, and
Ontex                            Ontex Group NV                                                                                     Sagard Senior Lending Partners
PanAgora                         PanAgora Asset Management, Inc.                                                                    Holdings (I-U and II-U) LP
Pargesa                          Pargesa SA                                                  Sanoptis                             Sanoptis AG
Parjointco                       Parjointco SA                                               SGS                                  SGS SA
Parques Reunidos                 Parques Reunidos Servicios Centrales, S.A.                  SHMI                                 Sagard Holdings Management Inc.
Peak                             Peak Achievement Athletics Inc.                             TSARs                                Tandem Share Appreciation Rights
PEM                              Performance Equity Management, LLC                          TSX                                  Toronto Stock Exchange
Performance Direct Investments   Performance Direct Investments III, LP,                     Umicore                              Umicore, NV/SA
   Funds                           Performance Direct Investments IV, LP, and                Unigestion                           Unigestion Private Equity Holding SA
                                   Performance Direct Investments V, LP                      Wealthsimple                         Wealthsimple Financial Corp.
Performance Venture Capital      Performance Venture Capital, LP, Performance                XETR                                 XETRA Stock Exchange
  Funds                            Venture Capital II, LP, Performance Venture
                                   Capital III, LP, Performance Venture
                                   Capital IV, LP, Performance Venture
                                   Capital V, LP, Performance Venture
                                   Capital VI, LP, and Performance Venture
                                   Capital Special Opportunities Fund I, LP




                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                                          A  77
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       SUMMARY OF QUARTERLY RESULTS




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                                      2026                                                   2025                                        2024
                                                                                                           Q2           Q1             Q4           Q3            Q2           Q1               Q4       Q3       Q2       Q1
                                       Insurance revenue                                               5,822        5,699         5,690         5,594        5,551        5,486         5,399         5,292    5,273    5,250
                                       Net investment income                                           2,999        2,738         2,887         2,793        2,459        2,469         2,931         2,365    2,548    2,516
                                       Change in FVPL on investments                                   2,584       (2,031)           (30)       1,780        1,085        1,406        (2,886)        6,944    (848) (1,333)
                                       Fee income and other revenues                                   3,712        3,454         3,501         3,371        3,255        3,169         3,201         2,939    2,935    2,729
                                       Total revenues                                                15,117         9,860       12,048        13,538       12,350       12,530          8,645        17,540    9,908    9,162

                                       Net earnings [1]                                                  690          820            408          703          772           689           933         371      730      709
                                         per share – basic                                              1.10         1.29           0.64         1.10          1.20         1.07          1.44         0.58     1.12     1.09
                                         per share – diluted                                            1.08         1.27           0.62         1.07          1.19         1.05          1.43         0.56     1.12     1.08

                                       Net earnings from continuing operations [1]                       690          820            408          703          772           689           933         371      730      758
                                         per share – basic                                              1.10         1.29           0.64         1.10          1.20         1.07          1.44         0.58     1.12     1.17
                                         per share – diluted                                            1.08         1.27           0.62         1.07          1.19         1.05          1.43         0.56     1.12     1.16
                                                                   [1, 2, 3]
                                       Adjusted net earnings                                             974          905            867          863          883           787           829         693      739      710
                                         per share – basic [2]                                          1.55         1.43           1.36         1.35          1.38         1.22          1.28         1.07     1.14     1.09
                                       Adjustments [2, 3, 4]                                            (284)          (85)         (459)        (160)        (111)          (98)          104         (322)      (9)     48
                                         per share – basic [2]                                         (0.45)       (0.14)         (0.72)       (0.25)        (0.18)       (0.15)         0.16        (0.49)   (0.02)    0.08
                                       [1] Attributable to participating shareholders.
                                       [2] Adjusted net earnings attributable to participating shareholders and adjusted net earnings per share, and adjustments and adjustments per share are non-IFRS financial
                                           measures or non-IFRS ratios. Adjusted net earnings for the first quarter of 2024 is determined based on net earnings from continuing operations. For a definition of these
                                           non-IFRS financial measures, please refer to the section “Non-IFRS Financial Measures” in this MD&A.
                                       [3] GMT legislation was enacted in Canada on June 20, 2024 and applies retroactively to January 1, 2024. As a result, the comparative results for adjusted net earnings and
                                           Adjustments for the first quarter of 2024 are presented on a pro forma basis as if the legislation had been enacted in the first quarter of 2024.
                                       [4] The Corporation’s share of Adjustments is as follows:

                                                                                                         2026        2026                                                    2025                                        2024
                                                                                                           Q2           Q1             Q4           Q3            Q2           Q1               Q4       Q3       Q2      Q1
                                            Great West
                                              Pre-tax                                                   (249)         (47)          (212)          (75)        (234)        (152)           (23)       (171)     (29)     11
                                              Tax effect                                                   52            3             38           18           66            34                9       28        6      20
                                                                                                        (197)         (44)          (174)          (57)        (168)        (118)           (14)       (143)     (23)     31
                                            IGM
                                              Pre-tax                                                     (58)          (1)            25            (1)         10            (2)               −       (3)      (3)      −
                                              Tax effect                                                   15            −            (12)           −            (2)           −               19        −        −       1
                                                                                                          (43)          (1)            13            (1)           8           (2)              19       (3)      (3)      1
                                            GBL
                                              Pre-tax                                                       −            −          (180)          (67)            −           22                −      (44)       −       −
                                              Tax effect                                                    −            −              −            −             −            −                −        −        −       −
                                                                                                            −            −          (180)          (67)            −           22                −      (44)       −       −
                                            Sagard and Power Sustainable
                                              Pre-tax                                                     (17)        (40)          (116)          (36)          38           (14)          (24)        (38)      (4)     26
                                              Tax effect                                                    1            −             (2)            1          11             2               12        3        −      (1)
                                                                                                          (16)        (40)          (118)          (35)          49           (12)          (12)        (35)      (4)     25
                                            Corporate operations and Other [1]
                                              Pre-tax                                                     (28)           −              −            −             −            −           111         (97)      16     (12)
                                              Tax effect                                                    −            −              −            −             −           12                −        −        5       3
                                                                                                          (28)           −              −            −             −           12           111         (97)      21      (9)
                                                                                                        (284)         (85)          (459)        (160)         (111)          (98)          104        (322)      (9)     48

                                           [1]   Includes Adjustments related to the Corporation’s investments in LMPG, Peak and Lion, previously presented as Standalone businesses. Comparative amounts have
                                                 been reclassified to conform with the current presentation.




                                             A  78                                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA




                                                                                                                                                                 PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS

(unaudited)                                                                                                                            June 30,   December 31,
[in millions of Canadian dollars]                                                                                                        2026           2025

Assets
Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                             15,180          14,366
Investments [Note 4]
   Bonds                                                                                                                              180,938        174,867
   Mortgage and other loans                                                                                                            45,233         44,045
   Shares                                                                                                                              23,248         22,344
   Investment properties                                                                                                                8,976          8,493
                                                                                                                                      258,395        249,749
Insurance contract assets [Note 7]                                                                                                      1,586          1,571
Reinsurance contract held assets [Note 7]                                                                                              16,755         16,850
Funds held on behalf of clients                                                                                                        29,290         24,320
Derivative financial instruments                                                                                                        2,427          2,290
Investments in jointly controlled corporations and associates [Note 5]                                                                  8,526          8,135
Owner-occupied properties and capital assets                                                                                            6,850          6,544
Other assets                                                                                                                           29,464         26,641
Deferred tax assets                                                                                                                     2,599          2,408
Intangible assets                                                                                                                       7,059          7,031
Goodwill                                                                                                                               14,980         14,661
Investments on account of segregated fund policyholders [Note 6]                                                                      626,219        551,169
Total assets                                                                                                                        1,019,330        925,735

Liabilities
Insurance contract liabilities [Note 7]                                                                                              165,772         161,644
Investment contract liabilities                                                                                                       91,271          89,042
Reinsurance contract held liabilities [Note 7]                                                                                           860             919
Client funds payable                                                                                                                  31,266          25,793
Obligations to securitization entities                                                                                                 4,707           4,815
Power Corporation’s debentures and other debt instruments [Note 8]                                                                       647             647
Non-recourse debentures and other debt instruments of:
   Power Financial, Great West and IGM [Note 9A]                                                                                      11,927          11,354
   Consolidated investment funds and Other [Note 9B]                                                                                   4,695           4,146
Derivative financial instruments                                                                                                       2,943           2,438
Other liabilities                                                                                                                     30,944          27,299
Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                                               1,591           1,421
Insurance contracts on account of segregated fund policyholders [Note 7]                                                              74,839          70,418
Investment contracts on account of segregated fund policyholders                                                                     551,380         480,751
Total liabilities                                                                                                                    972,842         880,687

Equity
Share capital [Note 10]
  Non-participating shares                                                                                                              1,350          1,350
  Participating shares                                                                                                                  9,123          9,159
Retained earnings                                                                                                                      11,377         11,674
Reserves                                                                                                                                3,260          2,249
Total shareholders’ equity                                                                                                             25,110         24,432
Non-controlling interests                                                                                                              21,378         20,616
Total equity                                                                                                                           46,488         45,048
Total liabilities and equity                                                                                                        1,019,330        925,735




                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                   A  79
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




                                       CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EARNINGS




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                                                             Three months ended June 30,                           Six months ended June 30,
                                       (unaudited)
                                       [in millions of Canadian dollars, except per share amounts]                                              2026                     2025                     2026                 2025

                                       Insurance service result
                                       Insurance revenue [Note 14]                                                                           5,822                     5,551                    11,521              11,037
                                       Insurance service expenses                                                                           (4,510)                   (4,315)                   (8,809)             (8,591)
                                       Net expenses from reinsurance contracts                                                                (401)                     (379)                     (839)               (809)
                                       Total insurance service result                                                                          911                       857                     1,873               1,637

                                       Net investment result
                                       Net investment income [Note 4]                                                                        2,999                     2,459                     5,737               4,928
                                       Changes in fair value through profit or loss [Note 4]                                                 2,584                     1,085                       553               2,491
                                                                                                                                             5,583                     3,544                     6,290               7,419
                                       Net finance expenses from insurance contracts                                                        (4,222)                   (1,637)                   (4,025)             (3,063)
                                       Net finance income (expenses) from reinsurance contracts                                                 94                       (18)                      139                (157)
                                       Changes in investment contract liabilities                                                             (647)                   (1,195)                     (697)             (2,803)
                                       Net investment result                                                                                   808                       694                     1,707               1,396

                                       Net investment result - Insurance contracts on account of
                                        segregated fund policyholders
                                       Net investment income                                                                                 4,813                     1,661                     4,858               1,411
                                       Net finance expenses from insurance contracts                                                        (4,813)                   (1,661)                   (4,858)             (1,411)
                                       Net investment result - Insurance contracts on account of
                                        segregated fund policyholders                                                                               -                         -                       -                   -

                                       Other revenues
                                       Fee income                                                                                            3,396                     2,982                     6,606               5,929
                                       Other                                                                                                   316                       273                       560                 495
                                       Total fee income and other revenues                                                                   3,712                     3,255                     7,166               6,424

                                       Other expenses
                                       Operating and administrative expenses                                                                 4,159                     3,496                     7,608               6,726
                                       Financing charges                                                                                       207                       215                       411                 433
                                       Total other expenses                                                                                  4,366                     3,711                     8,019               7,159
                                       Earnings before investments in jointly controlled corporations
                                         and associates, and income taxes                                                                    1,065                     1,095                     2,727               2,298
                                       Share of earnings of investments in jointly controlled corporations
                                         and associates [Note 5]                                                                               324                       208                       424                 323
                                       Earnings before income taxes                                                                          1,389                     1,303                     3,151               2,621
                                       Income taxes [Note 16]                                                                                  255                       113                       603                 309
                                       Net earnings                                                                                          1,134                     1,190                     2,548               2,312


                                       Attributable to
                                          Non-controlling interests                                                                            425                       405                       999                 825
                                          Non-participating shareholders                                                                        19                        13                        39                  26
                                          Participating shareholders                                                                           690                       772                     1,510               1,461
                                                                                                                                             1,134                     1,190                     2,548               2,312

                                       Earnings per participating share [Note 18]
                                       Net earnings attributable to participating shareholders
                                         Basic                                                                                                 1.10                      1.20                     2.39                2.27
                                         Diluted                                                                                               1.08                      1.19                     2.36                2.24




                                             A  80                                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME




                                                                                                                                                                          PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                             Three months ended June 30,      Six months ended June 30,
(unaudited)
[in millions of Canadian dollars]                                                                                2026                2025     2026               2025

Net earnings                                                                                                  1,134                 1,190    2,548             2,312

Other comprehensive income (loss)
  Items that may be reclassified subsequently to net earnings
  Net unrealized gains (losses) on FVOCI debt instruments
     Unrealized gains (losses)                                                                                    81                  43       (35)              114
       Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                              (20)                 (5)         4              (21)
     Realized (gains) losses transferred to net earnings                                                            2                  6        11                 7
       Income tax expense (benefit)                                                                                (2)                  -        (3)                -
                                                                                                                  61                  44       (23)              100

   Net unrealized gains (losses) on cash flow hedges
     Unrealized gains (losses)                                                                                   310                    7     279                  68
        Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                             (82)                   1     (84)                (16)
     Realized (gains) losses transferred to net earnings                                                        (143)                  (4)   (145)                (62)
        Income tax expense (benefit)                                                                              38                     -     39                  16
                                                                                                                 123                    4      89                   6

   Net unrealized foreign exchange gains (losses) on translation
    of foreign operations
     Unrealized gains (losses) on translation                                                                    463                (659)     641               (307)
        Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                               -                    -      (8)                  -
     Unrealized gains (losses) on hedges of net investments
       in foreign operations                                                                                     (89)                (49)     (96)              (187)
        Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                              13                 (21)      17                (10)
                                                                                                                 387                (729)     554               (504)

   Share of other comprehensive income (losses) of investments
    in jointly controlled corporations and associates                                                            166                  (70)    254                110
     Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                                 (5)                    -     (5)                 -
                                                                                                                 161                  (70)    249                110

   Total - items that may be reclassified                                                                        732                (751)     869               (288)

   Items that will not be reclassified subsequently to net earnings
   Net unrealized gains (losses) on FVOCI equity instruments
      Unrealized gains (losses)                                                                                  422                 207      410                160
        Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                             (37)                 (1)     (37)                (1)
                                                                                                                 385                 206      373                159

   Share of other comprehensive income (losses) of investments
    in jointly controlled corporations and associates                                                            168                  (94)     (63)             (266)

   Actuarial gains (losses) on defined benefit plans                                                             132                 103      199                127
     Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                                (37)                (27)     (45)               (34)
                                                                                                                  95                  76      154                 93

   Total - items that will not be reclassified                                                                   648                 188      464                 (14)

Other comprehensive income (loss)                                                                             1,380                 (563)    1,333              (302)

Comprehensive income                                                                                          2,514                  627     3,881             2,010


Attributable to
   Non-controlling interests                                                                                    792                  228     1,408               756
   Non-participating shareholders                                                                                19                   13        39                26
   Participating shareholders                                                                                 1,703                  386     2,434             1,228
                                                                                                              2,514                  627     3,881             2,010




                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                           A  81
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




                                       CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                              Share capital                                                                      Reserves
                                       Six months ended                                                                                                        Other
                                       June 30, 2026                               Non-                                                                comprehensive                                 Non-
                                       (unaudited)                         participating       Participating         Retained       Share-based              income                            controlling     Total
                                       [in millions of Canadian dollars]          shares              shares         earnings      compensation            [Note 17]                 Total       interests    equity

                                       Balance, beginning of year               1,350                9,159           11,674                   325                1,924             2,249         20,616      45,048
                                       Net earnings                                 -                    -            1,549                     -                    -                 -            999       2,548
                                       Other comprehensive income                   -                    -                -                     -                  924               924            409       1,333
                                       Comprehensive income                         -                    -            1,549                     -                  924               924          1,408       3,881

                                       Subordinate voting shares
                                         purchased and cancelled
                                         under Normal Course
                                         Issuer Bid [Note 10]                         -                (142)            (740)                     -                     -                  -            -      (882)
                                       Dividends to shareholders
                                           Non-participating shares                   -                     -            (39)                     -                     -                  -            -       (39)
                                           Participating shares                       -                     -           (842)                     -                     -                  -            -      (842)
                                       Dividends and other
                                         equity distributions to
                                         non-controlling interests                    -                     -                 -                   -                     -                  -        (613)      (613)
                                       Expense for share-based
                                         compensation [Note 11]                       -                   -                   -                 32                      -              32             33        65
                                       Stock options exercised                        -                 106                   -                (21)                     -             (21)            15       100
                                       Realized losses on FVOCI equity
                                         instruments transferred to
                                         retained earnings                            -                     -             (86)                    -                  86                86               -         -
                                       Effects of changes in
                                         capital and ownership of
                                         subsidiaries, and other                    -                    -             (139)                    2                  (12)              (10)           (81)       (230)
                                       Balance, end of period                   1,350                9,123           11,377                   338                2,922             3,260         21,378      46,488



                                                                                              Share capital                                                                      Reserves
                                       Six months ended                                                                                                        Other
                                       June 30, 2025                               Non-                                                                comprehensive                                 Non-
                                       (unaudited)                         participating       Participating         Retained       Share-based              income                            controlling     Total
                                       [in millions of Canadian dollars]          shares              shares         earnings      compensation            [Note 17]                 Total       interests    equity

                                       Balance, beginning of year                 950                9,236           11,364                   327                2,003             2,330         20,106      43,986
                                       Net earnings                                 -                    -            1,487                     -                     -                 -           825       2,312
                                       Other comprehensive loss                     -                    -                -                     -                 (233)             (233)           (69)       (302)
                                       Comprehensive income                         -                    -            1,487                     -                 (233)             (233)           756       2,010

                                       Subordinate voting shares
                                         purchased and cancelled
                                         under Normal Course
                                         Issuer Bid [Note 10]                         -                 (68)            (141)                     -                     -                  -            -      (209)
                                       Dividends to shareholders
                                           Non-participating shares                   -                     -            (26)                     -                     -                  -            -       (26)
                                           Participating shares                       -                     -           (787)                     -                     -                  -            -      (787)
                                       Dividends to non-controlling
                                         interests                                    -                     -                 -                   -                     -                  -        (556)      (556)
                                       Expense for share-based
                                         compensation [Note 11]                       -                   -                   -                 21                      -              21             15         36
                                       Stock options exercised                        -                  51                   -                (20)                     -             (20)            15         46
                                       Realized gains on FVOCI equity
                                         instruments transferred to
                                         retained earnings                            -                     -              46                     -                 (46)              (46)              -         -
                                       Effects of changes in
                                         capital and ownership of
                                         subsidiaries, and other                    -                    -             (169)                    1                   (3)               (2)          (304)       (475)
                                       Balance, end of period                     950                9,219           11,774                   329                1,721             2,050         20,032      44,025




                                             A  82                                         P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS




                                                                                                                                                                       PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                                                           Six months ended June 30,
(unaudited)
[in millions of Canadian dollars]                                                                                                      2026                   2025

Operating activities
Earnings before income taxes                                                                                                         3,151                  2,621
Income tax paid, net of refunds received                                                                                              (693)                  (564)
Adjusting items
   Change in insurance contract liabilities                                                                                          2,735                   1,549
   Change in investment contract liabilities                                                                                          (854)                  2,535
   Change in reinsurance contract held liabilities                                                                                     (69)                    (44)
   Change in reinsurance contract held assets                                                                                          533                     455
   Change in insurance contract assets                                                                                                   7                     (81)
   Changes in fair value through profit or loss                                                                                       (553)                 (2,491)
   Great West’s insurance and investment contract-related activities
      Sales, maturities and repayments of investments                                                                                27,796                25,645
      Purchases of investments                                                                                                      (28,610)              (26,840)
   Other                                                                                                                               (965)                (1,147)
                                                                                                                                      2,478                  1,638
Financing activities
Dividends paid
   By subsidiaries to non-controlling interests and other equity distributions                                                         (609)                  (557)
   Non-participating shares                                                                                                             (37)                   (26)
   Participating shares                                                                                                                (811)                  (756)
                                                                                                                                     (1,457)                (1,339)
Issuance of equity
   Corporation’s subordinate voting shares [Note 10]                                                                                   100                     46
   Subsidiaries’ common and preferred shares                                                                                           509                    147
Issuance of investment funds’ limited-life and redeemable units                                                                        282                    429
Repurchase or redemption of equity
   Corporation’s subordinate voting shares for cancellation under Normal Course Issuer Bid [Note 10]                                   (686)                  (209)
   Subsidiaries’ common shares                                                                                                         (689)                  (554)
Redemption of investment funds’ limited-life and redeemable units                                                                      (162)                   (42)
Disposition of an equity interest in a subsidiary                                                                                        90                        -
Acquisition of non-controlling interests                                                                                                   -                     (3)
Changes in Power Financial, Great West and IGM’s debt instruments [Note 9A]
   Issuance of debentures                                                                                                              400                        -
Changes in Consolidated investment funds and Other's debt instruments [Note 9B]
   Increase in other debt instruments                                                                                                 1,133                    541
   Decrease in other debt instruments                                                                                                  (413)                  (418)
Repayment of lease liabilities                                                                                                          (51)                   (50)
Increase in obligations to securitization entities                                                                                      793                    647
Repayment of obligations to securitization entities                                                                                    (898)                  (738)
Other                                                                                                                                   (49)                  (515)
                                                                                                                                     (1,098)                (2,058)
Investing activities
Sales maturities and repayment of investments                                                                                         1,811                  1,666
Purchases of investments                                                                                                             (2,013)                (1,678)
Distribution and proceeds from disposal of investments in jointly controlled corporations
  and associates [Note 5]                                                                                                               65                    544
Investments in jointly controlled corporations and associates [Note 5]                                                                (145)                   (74)
Business acquisitions, net of cash and cash equivalents acquired                                                                      (242)                   (67)
Sale of business, net of cash and cash equivalents in a subsidiary                                                                       8                       -
Acquisition of capital assets, properties and other                                                                                   (289)                  (317)
                                                                                                                                      (805)                    74
Effect of changes in exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents                                                                       239                   (172)
Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                                                                                       814                   (518)
Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year                                                                                        14,366                 13,744
Cash and cash equivalents, end of period                                                                                            15,180                 13,226

Net cash from operating activities includes
Interest and dividends received                                                                                                      5,097                  4,748
Interest paid                                                                                                                          671                    622




                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                        A  83
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




                                       NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (unaudited)




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       (ALL TABULAR AMOUNTS ARE IN MILLIONS OF CANADIAN DOLLARS, UNLESS OTHERWISE NOTED)

                                       Note 1      Corporate Information                                       84           Note 10          Share Capital                                                     98
                                       Note 2      Basis of Presentation and Summary of Material                            Note 11          Share-Based Compensation                                          100
                                                     Accounting Policies                                       85           Note 12          Capital Management                                                102
                                       Note 3      Business Acquisitions and Other Transactions                88           Note 13          Risk Management                                                   103
                                       Note 4      Investments                                                 89           Note 14          Insurance Revenue                                                 109
                                       Note 5      Investments in Jointly Controlled Corporations                           Note 15          Restructuring Expenses                                            109
                                                     and Associates                                            91
                                                                                                                            Note 16          Income Taxes                                                      110
                                       Note 6      Segregated Funds and Other Structured Entities              92
                                                                                                                            Note 17          Other Comprehensive Income                                        111
                                       Note 7      Insurance Contracts and Reinsurance Contracts Held 93
                                                                                                                            Note 18          Earnings Per Share                                                112
                                       Note 8      Power Corporation’s Debentures and
                                                     Other Debt Instruments                                    94           Note 19          Fair Value Measurement                                            113

                                       Note 9      Non-Recourse Debentures and                                              Note 20          Segmented Information                                             118
                                                    Other Debt Instruments                                     95



                                       The following abbreviations are used in these Consolidated Financial Statements:

                                       Canada Life                 The Canada Life Assurance Company                           OSFI                                Office of the Superintendent of Financial
                                                                                                                                                                    Institutions
                                       ChinaAMC                    China Asset Management Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                               PAA                                 Premium allocation approach
                                       CSM                         Contractual service margin
                                                                                                                               Parjointco                          Parjointco SA
                                       Empower                     Empower Annuity Insurance Company
                                                                      of America                                               Portage Ventures I                  Portag3 Ventures Limited Partnership
                                       FVOCI                       Fair value through other comprehensive income               Portage Ventures II                 Portag3 Ventures II Limited Partnership
                                       FVPL                        Fair value through profit or loss                           Portage Ventures III                Portage Ventures III Limited Partnership
                                       GBL                         Groupe Bruxelles Lambert                                    Portage Ventures IV                 Portage Ventures IV Limited Partnership
                                       Great West                  Great-West Lifeco Inc.                                      Power Corporation or                Power Corporation of Canada
                                                                                                                                the Corporation
                                       IFRS                        International Financial Reporting Standards
                                                                                                                               Power Financial                     Power Financial Corporation
                                       IGM or IGM Financial        IGM Financial Inc.
                                                                                                                               Power Sustainable                   Power Sustainable Capital Inc.
                                       IG Wealth Management        IGWM Inc.
                                                                                                                               Rockefeller                         Rockefeller Capital Management
                                       LMPG                        LMPG Inc.
                                                                                                                               Sagard                              Sagard Holdings Inc.
                                       Mackenzie or                Mackenzie Financial Corporation
                                        Mackenzie Investments                                                                  SHMI                                Sagard Holdings Management Inc.
                                       Northleaf                   Northleaf Capital Group Ltd.                                TSX                                 Toronto Stock Exchange
                                                                                                                               Wealthsimple                        Wealthsimple Financial Corp.




                                       NOTE 1 CORPORATE INFORMATION

                                       Power Corporation of Canada is a publicly listed company (TSX: POW; POW.PR.E) incorporated and domiciled in Canada
                                       and located at 751 Victoria Square, Montréal, Quebec, Canada, H2Y 2J3.
                                       Power Corporation is an international management and holding company that focuses on financial services in North America,
                                       Europe and Asia. Its core holdings are leading insurance, retirement, wealth management and investment businesses,
                                       including a portfolio of alternative asset investment platforms.
                                       The unaudited Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (financial statements) of Power Corporation as at and
                                       for the three months and six months ended June 30, 2026 were approved by its Board of Directors on July 30, 2026.




                                              A  84                                         P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




NOTE 2 BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES




                                                                                                                                           PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
BASIS OF PRESENTATION
The financial statements of Power Corporation as at June 30, 2026 have been prepared in accordance with International
Accounting Standard 34, Interim Financial Reporting (IAS 34) as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board
(IASB) using the same accounting policies as set out in Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Corporation
for the year ended December 31, 2025 except as described in the section Changes in Accounting Policies below. The financial
statements should be read in conjunction with the Corporation’s December 31, 2025 Consolidated Financial Statements and
notes thereto.
The financial statements include the accounts of Power Corporation and its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis after
elimination of intercompany transactions and balances, and consolidation adjustments.
The financial statements of Power Corporation include, on a consolidated basis, the results of Power Financial, a reporting
issuer in all of the provinces and territories of Canada, and Great West and IGM Financial, which are both public companies.
The amounts shown on the consolidated balance sheets (balance sheets), consolidated statements of earnings (statements
of earnings), consolidated statements of comprehensive income (statements of comprehensive income), consolidated
statements of changes in equity (statements of changes in equity) and consolidated statements of cash flows (statements of
cash flows) are mainly derived from the publicly disclosed consolidated financial statements of Great West and IGM Financial,
all as at and for the three months and six months ended June 30, 2026. Certain notes to Power Corporation’s financial
statements are derived from the notes to the financial statements of Great West and IGM Financial.

SUBSIDIARIES
Subsidiaries, including controlled investment funds, are entities the Corporation controls when: (i) the Corporation has power
over the entity; (ii) it is exposed or has rights to variable returns from its involvement; and (iii) it has the ability to affect those
returns through its use of power over the entity. Subsidiaries of the Corporation are consolidated from the date of acquisition,
being the date on which the Corporation obtains control, and continue to be consolidated until the date such control ceases.
The Corporation reassesses whether or not it controls an entity if facts and circumstances indicate there are changes to one
or more of the elements of control.

JOINTLY CONTROLLED CORPORATIONS AND ASSOCIATES
Jointly controlled corporations are entities in which unanimous consent is required for decisions relating to relevant activities.
Associates are entities in which the Corporation exercises significant influence over the entity’s operating and financial
policies, without having control or joint control. Investments in jointly controlled corporations and associates are accounted
for using the equity method. Under the equity method, the Corporation recognizes its share of net earnings (losses) and other
comprehensive income (loss) of the jointly controlled corporations and associates, and dividends received.
In the case of investments in jointly controlled corporations and associates held by entities that meet the definition of a venture
capital organization, the Corporation has elected to measure certain of its investments in jointly controlled corporations and
associates at FVPL.




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6    A  85
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




                                       NOTE 2          BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES, JOINTLY CONTROLLED CORPORATIONS AND ASSOCIATES
                                       The financial statements of Power Corporation include the operations of the following direct and indirect subsidiaries and
                                       investments in jointly controlled corporations and associates:
                                                                                                                                                                                                          % equity interest
                                                                                                                                                                                                         June 30,    December 31,
                                       Corporation                                                Classification       Incorporated            Primary business operation                                  2026            2025

                                       Holding company
                                       Power Corporation of Canada                                Parent               Canada                  Holding company
                                       Power Financial Corporation                                Subsidiary           Canada                  Holding company                                             100.0              100.0
                                       Publicly traded companies
                                       Great-West Lifeco Inc. [1]                                 Subsidiary           Canada                  Financial services holding company                           71.1               71.1
                                        The Canada Life Assurance Company                         Subsidiary           Canada                  Insurance and wealth management                             100.0              100.0
                                         Irish Life Group Limited                                 Subsidiary           Ireland                 Insurance and wealth management                             100.0              100.0
                                         Empower Annuity Insurance                                Subsidiary           United States           Financial services                                          100.0              100.0
                                            Company of America
                                       IGM Financial Inc. [2]                                     Subsidiary           Canada                  Wealth and asset management                                  67.9               66.8
                                         IG Wealth Management                                     Subsidiary           Canada                  Financial services                                          100.0              100.0
                                         Mackenzie Financial Corporation                          Subsidiary           Canada                  Asset management company                                    100.0              100.0
                                           China Asset Management Co., Ltd.                       Associate            China                   Asset management company                                     27.8               27.8
                                              Northleaf Capital Group Ltd. [3]                    Associate            Canada                  Alternative asset manager                                    70.0               70.0
                                         Rockefeller Capital Management                           Associate            United States           Financial services                                           17.2               17.2
                                       Parjointco SA                                              Joint control        Belgium                 Holding company                                              50.0               50.0
                                         Groupe Bruxelles Lambert [4]                             Subsidiary           Belgium                 Holding company                                              35.1               34.2
                                       Alternative asset investment platforms and other
                                       Power Sustainable Capital Inc.                             Subsidiary           Canada                  Holding company                                             100.0              100.0
                                        Power Sustainable Manager Inc. [5]                        Subsidiary           Canada                  Alternative asset manager                                    92.9               93.4
                                         Power Sustainable Energy Infrastructure                  Subsidiary           Canada                  Renewable energy fund                                        41.0               41.2
                                          Partnership [6]
                                         Potentia Renewables Inc.                                 Subsidiary           Canada                  Renewable energy                                            100.0              100.0
                                         Nautilus Solar Energy, LLC                               Subsidiary           United States           Renewable energy                                            100.0              100.0
                                         Power Sustainable Decarbonization                        Subsidiary           United States           Private equity fund                                          67.7               67.7
                                          Private Equity [7]
                                       Sagard Holdings Inc.                                       Subsidiary           Canada                  Holding company                                             100.0              100.0
                                         Sagard Holdings Management Inc. [8]                      Subsidiary           Canada                  Alternative asset manager                                    55.4               55.2
                                              BEX Capital SAS [9]                                 Subsidiary           France                  Alternative asset manager                                    45.0               45.0
                                              Performance Equity Management, LLC                  Subsidiary           United States           Alternative asset manager                                   100.0              100.0
                                              HalseyPoint Asset Management, LLC                   Joint control        United States           Alternative asset manager                                    40.0               40.0
                                              Unigestion Private Equity Holding SA [10]           Subsidiary           Switzerland             Alternative asset manager                                   100.0                   –
                                         Wealthsimple Financial Corp. [11]                        Subsidiary           Canada                  Financial services                                           52.3               52.4
                                         Portag3 Ventures LP [12]                                 Subsidiary           Canada                  Venture capital fund                                        100.0              100.0
                                         Portag3 Ventures II LP [13]                              Subsidiary           Canada                  Venture capital fund                                         27.9               27.9
                                         Portage Ventures III LP [14]                             Subsidiary           Canada                  Venture capital fund                                         15.4               15.4
                                         Portage Ventures IV LP [15]                              Subsidiary           Canada                  Venture capital fund                                         17.1               19.5
                                         Portage Capital Solutions Fund I LP [16]                 Subsidiary           Canada                  Venture capital fund                                         57.1               57.1
                                       Other
                                         LMPG Inc.                                                Subsidiary           Canada                  Lighting solutions                                           49.6               49.6
                                       [1]      Power Financial holds a 68.6% equity interest and IGM Financial holds a 2.5% equity interest in Great West (68.7% and 2.4%, respectively, at December 31, 2025).
                                       [2]      Power Financial holds a 63.9% equity interest and Canada Life holds a 4.0% equity interest in IGM Financial (62.9% and 3.9%, respectively, at December 31, 2025).
                                       [3]      Represents a 49.9% non-controlling voting interest. Held through an acquisition vehicle 80% owned by Mackenzie Investments and 20% by Great West.
                                       [4]      Parjointco has a controlling interest in GBL and holds a 48.6% voting interest.
                                       [5]      Power Corporation and Great West hold an equity interest of 72.6% and 20.3%, respectively, in Power Sustainable Manager Inc. (73.0% and 20.4%, respectively, at December 31, 2025).
                                       [6]      Power Corporation holds a 28.1% equity interest and Great West holds a 12.9% equity interest in Power Sustainable Energy Infrastructure Partnership (28.3% and 12.9%, respectively, at
                                                December 31, 2025).
                                       [7]      The Corporation and Great West hold an equity interest of 39.5% and 28.2%, respectively, in Power Sustainable Decarbonization Private Equity.
                                       [8]      Power Corporation, Great West and GBL hold an equity interest of 44.6%, 10.8% and 4.1%, respectively, in SHMI (44.2%, 11.0% and 4.9%, respectively, at December 31, 2025) (Note 3).
                                       [9]      The Corporation, through SHMI, currently has an exercisable option to buy an additional 5.1% equity interest in BEX Capital SAS.
                                       [10]     Subject to the acquisition of the remaining 0.1%.
                                       [11]     Power Financial, Portage Ventures I and IGM Financial hold an equity interest of 13.9%, 9.6% and 28.8%, respectively, in Wealthsimple (13.9%, 9.6% and 28.9%, respectively, at
                                                December 31, 2025).
                                       [12]     Power Financial holds a 63.0% equity interest and Great West and IGM Financial each hold an equity interest of 18.5% in Portage Ventures I.
                                       [13]     Power Financial, Great West and IGM Financial each hold an equal equity interest of 7.7% and Sagard holds a 4.7% equity interest in Portage Ventures II.
                                       [14]     Sagard, Great West and IGM Financial hold an equity interest of 2.4%, 9.0% and 4.0%, respectively, in Portage Ventures III.
                                       [15]     Sagard, Great West and IGM Financial hold an equity interest of 4.2%, 10.0% and 2.9%, respectively, in Portage Ventures IV (4.8%, 11.4% and 3.3%, respectively, at December 31, 2025).
                                       [16]     Sagard and Great West hold an equity interest of 29.2% and 27.9%, respectively, in Portage Capital Solutions Fund I LP.



                                               A  86                                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




NOTE 2    BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)




                                                                                                                                    PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES
The Corporation adopted the amendments to IFRS Accounting Standards for IFRS 9, Financial Instruments and IFRS 7,
Financial Instruments: Disclosures, effective January 1, 2026. The amendments clarify the classification of financial assets with
environmental, social and corporate governance and similar features, the settlement of liabilities through electronic payment
systems, and introduce additional disclosure requirements to enhance transparency for investors.
These amendments did not impact the financial statements of the Corporation, except as indicated below:
  The Corporation applied the election permitted by the amendments to deem a financial liability (or part of a financial
    liability) that is settled using an electronic payment system to be derecognized before the settlement date if specified
    criteria are met. The Corporation applied this election to all settlements made through electronic payment systems
    meeting the criteria.
  For cash settlement of financial liabilities that did not qualify for the election at period-end, the Corporation derecognized
    the associated liabilities on the settlement date. The adoption of this amendment did not have a material impact on the
    financial statements.
These amendments are applied retrospectively and the comparative information has not been restated.

USE OF SIGNIFICANT JUDGMENTS, ESTIMATES AND ASSUMPTIONS
In the preparation of the financial statements, management of the Corporation and management of its subsidiaries are
required to make significant judgments, estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, net
earnings, comprehensive income and related disclosures. Key sources of estimation, uncertainty and areas where significant
judgments have been made by the management of the Corporation and the management of its subsidiaries are further
described in the relevant accounting policies in the Corporation’s Consolidated Financial Statements and notes thereto for
the year ended December 31, 2025.

FUTURE ACCOUNTING CHANGES
The Corporation and its subsidiaries actively monitor changes in IFRS Accounting Standards, both proposed and released,
by the IASB and analyze the effect that changes in the standards may have on the consolidated financial statements when they
become effective. There have been no significant new standards issued and there have been no significant changes to the
future accounting policies that are applicable to the Corporation from those disclosed in the December 31, 2025
Consolidated Financial Statements.




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6   A  87
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




                                       NOTE 3 BUSINESS ACQUISITIONS AND OTHER TRANSACTIONS




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       GREAT WEST
                                       United Kingdom Onshore Bond Business
                                       On December 23, 2024, Canada Life U.K., a subsidiary of Great West, announced the signing of an agreement to transfer its
                                       onshore bond business to Countrywide Assured plc (Countrywide), a subsidiary of Chesnara plc. Concurrently, the two parties
                                       entered into a reinsurance agreement such that the risks and rewards of the underlying business are transferred to
                                       Countrywide. The underlying assets and the related liabilities on account of segregated fund policyholders, with a carrying
                                       value of $2,851 million as at June 30, 2026 ($2,787 million as at December 31, 2025), are to be transferred to Countrywide
                                       subject to court approval. Subsequent to June 30, 2026, Great West received this court approval and expects the transfer to
                                       occur in the second half of 2026.
                                       Milliman, Inc.
                                       On June 30, 2026, Empower, a subsidiary of Great West, announced that it had entered into an agreement with Milliman, Inc.
                                       (Milliman) to acquire Milliman’s retirement plan and benefits administration business for total consideration of approximately
                                       US$340 million. The transaction supports Empower’s strategy to deliver an integrated workplace ecosystem, enhancing its
                                       ability to serve clients with broader and more comprehensive retirement and benefits solutions. The closing of the transaction
                                       is subject to customary closing conditions and regulatory approvals.

                                       SAGARD
                                       Unigestion Private Equity Holding SA
                                       On April 2, 2026, SHMI acquired 100% of the equity interest of Unigestion Private Equity Holding SA (Unigestion), a middle-
                                       market private equity firm headquartered in Switzerland, for a total consideration of $373 million, of which the Unigestion
                                       former controlling shareholder and management team will invest approximately $128 million in SHMI equity. As a result, the
                                       Corporation has consolidated the private equity activities of Unigestion from the acquisition date. As at June 30, 2026, the
                                       accounting for the acquisition is not finalized, with the initial amount of $345 million assigned to goodwill and intangible
                                       assets on the date of the acquisition to be adjusted, pending the completion of a comprehensive valuation of the assets
                                       acquired and liabilities assumed. The transaction will not have a significant impact on the financial statements.
                                       During the six months ended June 30, 2026, Sagard completed an equity financing round, raising capital of US$110 million
                                       to partially fund the acquisition of Unigestion, of which the Corporation and Great West invested a combined US$68 million.
                                       The Corporation remains the controlling shareholder of SHMI subsequent to this equity financing round.

                                       LMPG INC.
                                       On May 20, 2026, LMPG entered into an agreement which provides for the Corporation to sell 100% of its interest in LMPG.
                                       The transaction is expected to close in the third quarter of 2026, subject to customary closing conditions. As a result, the
                                       assets and liabilities of LMPG were classified as held for sale as at June 30, 2026, and are included in other assets and other
                                       liabilities on the balance sheets. The transaction is not expected to have a significant impact on the Corporation’s financial
                                       statements.

                                       IGM FINANCIAL
                                       Northleaf Capital Group Ltd.
                                       Subsequent event
                                       At June 30, 2026, IGM’s subsidiary, Mackenzie, and Great West held a 49.9% non-controlling voting interest and a 70%
                                       economic interest in Northleaf, which was accounted for using the equity method. As a result of a series of transactions
                                       subsequent to June 30, 2026, the voting interest was aligned with the economic interest, and the Corporation, through IGM,
                                       will therefore consolidate Northleaf beginning on July 1, 2026.
                                       The transactions resulted in an increase in the Corporation’s interest in Northleaf by 6.1% to 76.1%, for total cash consideration
                                       of $54 million. These transactions were conducted at fair market value and will be accounted for as a business combination
                                       achieved in stages under IFRS 3, Business Combinations. The Corporation will derecognize its existing interest in Northleaf,
                                       resulting in a gain of approximately $187 million, net of transaction costs, representing the difference between the fair value
                                       of the previously held interest of approximately $619 million and the carrying value of $430 million.
                                       The estimated acquisition date fair value of Northleaf is $884 million, comprised of cash consideration of $54 million, the fair
                                       value of the existing investment of approximately $619 million, and non-controlling interests valued at approximately
                                       $211 million, representing a 23.9% interest in Northleaf. The purchase price allocation, including the determination of the fair
                                       value of identifiable assets acquired, liabilities assumed, and resulting goodwill, has not yet been finalized and will be
                                       disclosed in the reporting period in which the acquisition is recognized. As the transaction was completed after June 30,
                                       2026, no amounts have been recognized in the current period in respect to the acquisition.



                                           A  88                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




NOTE 4 INVESTMENTS




                                                                                                                                                                                   PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
CARRYING VALUES AND FAIR VALUES
Carrying values and estimated fair values of investments are as follows:

                                                                                                                  June 30, 2026                               December 31, 2025
                                                                                            Carrying                        Fair                 Carrying                   Fair
                                                                                               value                       value                    value                  value

Bonds
  Designated as FVPL                                                                      165,218                      165,218               159,124                  159,124
  Classified as FVPL                                                                        2,211                        2,211                 2,108                    2,108
  FVOCI                                                                                    12,950                       12,950                13,040                   13,040
  Amortized cost                                                                              559                          560                   595                      596
                                                                                          180,938                      180,939               174,867                  174,868
Mortgage and other loans
  Designated as FVPL                                                                        25,595                      25,595                   26,139                 26,139
  Classified as FVPL                                                                         6,680                       6,680                    6,350                  6,350
  FVOCI                                                                                        271                         271                      269                    269
  Amortized cost                                                                            12,687                      12,392                   11,287                 10,964
                                                                                            45,233                      44,938                   44,045                 43,722
Shares
  Classified as FVPL                                                                       22,041                       22,041                21,301                   21,301
  Designated as FVOCI                                                                       1,207                        1,207                 1,043                    1,043
                                                                                           23,248                       23,248                22,344                   22,344
Investment properties                                                                       8,976                        8,976                 8,493                    8,493
                                                                                          258,395                      258,101               249,749                  249,427
N




NET INVESTMENT INCOME
                                                                                         Mortgage and                              Investment
Three months ended June 30, 2026                                             Bonds         other loans                Shares        properties              Other          Total

Net investment income
  Investment income earned                                                  2,022                   416                 163              149                323          3,073
  Net realized losses on derecognition of:
      FVOCI assets                                                             (2)                     -                   -                -                  -             (2)
      Amortized cost assets                                                      -                   (1)                   -                -                  -             (1)
  Net expected credit loss (ECL) charge                                          -                   (7)                   -                -                  -             (7)
  Other income (expenses)                                                        -                    6                  (3)             (61)                (6)           (64)
                                                                            2,020                   414                 160               88                317          2,999
Changes in FVPL                                                             1,054                   140               1,244              (32)               178          2,584
Net investment income (loss)                                                3,074                   554               1,404               56                495          5,583


                                                                                         Mortgage and                              Investment
Three months ended June 30, 2025                                            Bonds          other loans                Shares        properties              Other          Total

Net investment income
  Investment income earned                                                  1,878                   387                 164             138                  11          2,578
  Net realized gains (losses) on derecognition of:
      FVOCI assets                                                             (6)                    -                   -                 -                   -            (6)
      Amortized cost assets                                                      -                    1                   -                 -                   -             1
  Net ECL (charge) recovery                                                    (1)                    2                   -                 -                   -             1
  Other income (expenses)                                                        -                    4                 (4)              (53)                (62)         (115)
                                                                            1,871                   394                160                85                 (51)        2,459
Changes in FVPL                                                               323                   135              1,014               (62)               (325)        1,085
Net investment income (loss)                                                2,194                   529              1,174                23                (376)        3,544




                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                                         A  89
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




                                       NOTE 4       INVESTMENTS (continued)




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                                      Mortgage and                                   Investment
                                       Six months ended June 30, 2026                                     Bonds         other loans                Shares             properties     Other     Total

                                       Net investment income
                                         Investment income earned                                        3,900                   801                 308                    293      614     5,916
                                         Net realized losses on derecognition of:
                                             FVOCI assets                                                  (11)                      -                  -                       -       -      (11)
                                             Amortized cost assets                                            -                    (4)                  -                       -       -        (4)
                                         Net ECL charge                                                       -                    (1)                  -                       -       -        (1)
                                         Other income (expenses)                                              -                   12                  (4)                  (120)     (51)     (163)
                                                                                                         3,889                   808                 304                    173      563     5,737
                                       Changes in FVPL                                                    (943)                 (108)              1,486                      (7)    125       553
                                       Net investment income (loss)                                      2,946                   700               1,790                    166      688     6,290



                                                                                                                      Mortgage and                                   Investment
                                       Six months ended June 30, 2025                                    Bonds          other loans                Shares             properties     Other     Total

                                       Net investment income
                                         Investment income earned                                       3,681                    780                 309                    278      112     5,160
                                         Net realized gains (losses) on derecognition of:
                                             FVOCI assets                                                  (7)                    -                    -                       -         -       (7)
                                             Amortized cost assets                                           -                    1                    -                       -         -        1
                                         Net ECL (charge) recovery                                         (1)                    5                    -                       -         -        4
                                         Other income (expenses)                                             -                    7                  (5)                   (105)     (127)    (230)
                                                                                                        3,673                   793                 304                     173       (15)   4,928
                                       Changes in FVPL                                                  1,027                   442               1,218                     (80)     (116)   2,491
                                       Net investment income (loss)                                     4,700                 1,235               1,522                      93      (131)   7,419


                                       Investment income from bonds and mortgage and other loans includes interest income and premium and discount
                                       amortization. Investment income from shares includes dividends and distributions from equity investment funds and gains
                                       realized on deconsolidation of subsidiaries and investment funds. Investment properties income includes rental income
                                       earned on investment properties, ground rent income earned on leased and subleased land, fee recoveries, lease
                                       cancellation income, and interest and other investment income earned on investment properties. Other investment income
                                       and expenses includes expenses incurred by investment properties, foreign exchange gains and losses and other
                                       miscellaneous income.




                                            A  90                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




NOTE 5 INVESTMENTS IN JOINTLY CONTROLLED CORPORATIONS AND ASSOCIATES




                                                                                                                                                                                  PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
The carrying values of the investments in jointly controlled corporations and associates are as follows:
                                                                                Jointly controlled
                                                                                     corporations                                                       Associates
Six months ended June 30, 2026                                           Parjointco        Other [1]       ChinaAMC           Northleaf   Rockefeller     Other [1]       Total

Carrying value, beginning of year                                            3,291             390             1,712               472          481        1,789         8,135
  Acquisition and investments                                                      -             1                  -                 -            -         144           145
  Disposal                                                                         -              -                 -                 -            -         (57)          (57)
  Share of earnings (losses)                                                    15               4                78                15           (3)          18           127
  Changes in FVPL                                                                  -              -                 -                 -            -         297           297
  Share of other comprehensive income (loss)                                     (5)             9               110                  -          16           61           191
  Dividends and distributions                                                 (161)             (8)              (61)              (57)            -           (3)        (290)
  Effects of changes in ownership and other                                    (20)               -                 -                 -            -           (2)         (22)
Carrying value, end of period                                                3,120             396             1,839               430          494        2,247         8,526
[1] Includes investments in jointly controlled corporations and associates held by entities that meet the definition of a venture capital organization, which have been elected
    to be measured at FVPL of $1,871 million at June 30, 2026 ($1,452 million at December 31, 2025).


                                                                                Jointly controlled
                                                                                     corporations                                                       Associates
Six months ended June 30, 2025                                           Parjointco        Other [1]       ChinaAMC           Northleaf   Rockefeller     Other [1]       Total

Carrying value, beginning of year                                            3,683             413             1,661               354          903        1,787         8,801
  Acquisition and investments                                                      -              8                 -               61              -         66           135
  Disposal                                                                         -             (1)                -                 -             -        (42)          (43)
  Share of earnings (losses)                                                    10              19                60                17            (5)         34           135
  Changes in FVPL                                                                  -               -                -                 -             -        188           188
  Share of other comprehensive income (loss)                                     (3)              3              (60)                 -         (47)         (49)         (156)
  Dividends and distributions                                                 (175)              (4)             (66)                 -             -       (500)         (745)
  Effects of changes in ownership and other                                       3            (53)                 -               (3)             -        (51)         (104)
Carrying value, end of period                                                3,518             385             1,595               429          851        1,433         8,211
[1] Includes investments in jointly controlled corporations and associates held by entities that meet the definition of a venture capital organization, which have been elected
    to be measured at FVPL of $1,100 million at June 30, 2025 ($950 million at December 31, 2024).


NORTHLEAF CAPITAL GROUP LTD.
During the second quarter of 2026, Northleaf declared and paid dividends of $57 million, including a distribution of excess
cash, in preparation for transactions that closed in the third quarter of 2026.
Subsequent to June 30, 2026, pursuant to the 2020 Northleaf transaction and related rights and obligations, the Corporation,
through an acquisition vehicle controlled by IGM, completed a series of transactions that aligned its voting rights and
economic interests and increased its ownership in Northleaf by 6.1%, from 70% to 76.1% (Note 3).




                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                                      A  91
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




                                       NOTE 6 SEGREGATED FUNDS AND OTHER STRUCTURED ENTITIES




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       The following presents details of the investments, determined in accordance with the relevant statutory reporting
                                       requirements of each region of Great West’s operations, on account of segregated fund policyholders:

                                       CHANGES IN INSURANCE AND INVESTMENT CONTRACTS ON ACCOUNT OF SEGREGATED FUND POLICYHOLDERS
                                                                                                                                                                                                      Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                                                                                                                              2026                        2025

                                       Balance, beginning of year                                                                                                                       551,169                       496,386
                                       Additions (deductions):
                                         Policyholder deposits                                                                                                                           50,150                        29,158
                                         Net investment income                                                                                                                            2,556                          2,221
                                         Net realized capital gains on investments                                                                                                       13,802                          9,467
                                         Net unrealized capital gains on investments                                                                                                     29,234                          4,835
                                         Unrealized gains (losses) due to changes in foreign exchange rates                                                                              11,402                         (1,680)
                                         Policyholder withdrawals                                                                                                                       (34,863)                      (31,539)
                                         Change in segregated fund investment in general fund                                                                                               (17)                            13
                                         Change in general fund investment in segregated fund                                                                                                 (6)                             -
                                         Net transfer from general fund                                                                                                                        9                             7
                                         Non-controlling mutual fund interest                                                                                                             2,783                            447
                                                                                                                                                                                         75,050                        12,929
                                       Balance, end of period [1][2]                                                                                                                    626,219                       509,315
                                       [1] At June 30, 2026, $59,941 million of investments on account of segregated fund policyholders are reinsured by Great West on a modified co-insurance basis
                                           ($58,675 million at December 31, 2025). Included in this amount are $600 million of cash and cash equivalents, $9,416 million of bonds, $17 million of shares and units
                                           in unit trusts, $49,852 million of mutual funds, $77 million of accrued income and $21 million of other liabilities.
                                       [2] At June 30, 2026, $2,851 million of investments on account of segregated fund policyholders on the balance sheets are expected to be transferred to Countrywide in
                                           2026 ($2,787 million at December 31, 2025) (Note 3). Included in this amount are $93 million of cash and cash equivalents, $2,786 million of shares and units in unit trusts
                                           and $28 million of other liabilities.


                                       INVESTMENTS ON ACCOUNT OF SEGREGATED FUND POLICYHOLDERS
                                       (by fair value hierarchy level)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   June 30, 2026
                                                                                                                                                   Level 1                  Level 2                  Level 3               Total

                                       Investments on account of segregated fund policyholders [1]                                              468,638                  142,540                   17,675              628,853
                                       [1] Excludes other liabilities, net of other assets, of $2,634 million.



                                                                                                                                                                                                               December 31, 2025
                                                                                                                                                    Level 1                  Level 2                 Level 3               Total
                                                                                                                    [1]
                                       Investments on account of segregated fund policyholders                                                   402,281                  139,230                    14,013            555,524
                                       [1] Excludes other liabilities, net of other assets, of $4,355 million.


                                       During the six months ended June 30, 2026, certain foreign equity holdings valued at $493 million were transferred from
                                       Level 2 to Level 1 ($2,779 million were transferred from Level 1 to Level 2 at December 31, 2025), primarily based on
                                       Great West’s change in use of inputs in addition to quoted prices in active markets for certain foreign equity holdings. Level 2
                                       assets include the assets where fair value is not available from normal market pricing sources, where inputs are utilized in
                                       addition to quoted prices in active markets and where Great West does not have access to the underlying asset details within
                                       an investment fund.




                                             A  92                                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




NOTE 6 SEGREGATED FUNDS AND OTHER STRUCTURED ENTITIES (continued)




                                                                                                                                                                        PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
The following presents additional information about Great West’s investments on account of segregated fund policyholders
for which Great West has utilized Level 3 inputs to determine fair value:
                                                                                                                                     June 30,            December 31,
                                                                                                                                       2026                    2025

Balance, beginning of year                                                                                                           14,013                  13,354
  Total gains (losses) included in segregated fund investment income                                                                    275                    (450)
  Purchases                                                                                                                             427                   2,067
  Sales                                                                                                                                (473)                 (1,066)
  Transfers into Level 3                                                                                                              3,588                     135
  Transfers out of Level 3                                                                                                             (155)                    (27)
Balance, end of period                                                                                                               17,675                  14,013


Transfers into Level 3 are due primarily to decreased observability of inputs in valuation methodologies. Transfers out of
Level 3 are due primarily to increased observability of inputs in valuation methodologies as evidenced by corroboration of
market prices with multiple pricing vendors.


NOTE 7 INSURANCE CONTRACTS AND REINSURANCE CONTRACTS HELD

INSURANCE CONTRACT (ASSETS) LIABILITIES
                                                                                                     Not measured under the PAA
                                                                          Estimates of                     Risk
                                                                         present value             adjustment
                                                                              of future       for non-financial
June 30, 2026                                                               cash flows                     risk            CSM                    PAA           Total

Assets                                                                        (7,344)                   1,569                4,369               (180)       (1,586)
Liabilities                                                                  136,692                    4,991               10,054             14,035       165,772
Liabilities on account of segregated fund policyholders                       74,839                        -                    -                   -       74,839
                                                                             204,187                    6,560               14,423             13,855       239,025



                                                                                                     Not measured under the PAA
                                                                          Estimates of                     Risk
                                                                         present value             adjustment
                                                                              of future       for non-financial
December 31, 2025                                                           cash flows                     risk            CSM                    PAA           Total

Assets                                                                        (7,185)                   1,549                4,267               (202)       (1,571)
Liabilities                                                                  132,620                    5,044               10,130             13,850       161,644
Liabilities on account of segregated fund policyholders                       70,418                        -                    -                   -       70,418
                                                                             195,853                    6,593               14,397             13,648       230,491


REINSURANCE CONTRACT HELD ASSETS (LIABILITIES)
                                                                                                     Not measured under the PAA
                                                                           Estimates of                     Risk
                                                                          present value             adjustment
                                                                               of future       for non-financial
June 30, 2026                                                                cash flows                     risk           CSM                    PAA           Total

Assets                                                                         15,570                       718                298               169         16,755
Liabilities                                                                    (2,579)                    1,146                583               (10)          (860)
                                                                               12,991                     1,864                881               159         15,895



                                                                                                     Not measured under the PAA
                                                                           Estimates of                     Risk
                                                                          present value             adjustment
                                                                               of future       for non-financial
December 31, 2025                                                            cash flows                     risk           CSM                    PAA           Total

Assets                                                                          15,713                      708                255               174         16,850
Liabilities                                                                     (2,633)                   1,109                612                (7)          (919)
                                                                                13,080                    1,817                867               167         15,931



                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                                  A  93
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




                                       NOTE 7        INSURANCE CONTRACTS AND REINSURANCE CONTRACTS HELD (continued)




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       CSM
                                       The concentration of insurance risk of Great West by business is as follows:

                                                                                                                     Non-participating (excluding segregated funds)
                                                                                                                                                                                                    Participating
                                                                                                                                                                                                         account
                                                                                                                                                     Capital                                           surplus in
                                                                                                          United                                    and Risk                     Segregated         Great West's
                                       Six months ended June 30, 2026                                     States     Canada          Europe        Solutions           Total          funds          subsidiaries [1]      Total [2]

                                       CSM, beginning of year                                               60           513         3,866           2,430          6,869              3,175              3,486         13,530
                                         CSM recognized for services provided                               (3)          (29)         (174)           (151)          (357)              (208)               (83)          (648)
                                         Contracts initially recognized in the period                         -           11           142              46            199                 63                 51            313
                                         Changes in estimates that adjust the CSM                            2             (4)         (49)            (50)          (101)               224                 43            166
                                         Net finance (income) expenses from
                                           insurance contracts                                               -             8            48              32             88                 (7)                 -             81
                                         Effect of movement in exchange rates                                2             -            49              35             86                  7                  7            100
                                       CSM, end of period                                                   61           499         3,882           2,342          6,784              3,254              3,504         13,542
                                       [1] Included in non-controlling interests on the balance sheets.
                                       [2] The amounts in the table above are presented net of reinsurance.



                                                                                                                     Non-participating (excluding segregated funds)
                                                                                                                                                                                                    Participating
                                                                                                                                                                                                         account
                                                                                                                                                     Capital                                           surplus in
                                                                                                          United                                    and Risk                     Segregated         Great West's
                                       Year ended December 31, 2025                                       States     Canada          Europe        Solutions           Total          funds          subsidiaries [1]      Total [2]

                                       CSM, beginning of year                                               55           690         3,664           2,436          6,845              3,268              3,255         13,368
                                         CSM recognized for services provided                               (8)          (67)         (326)           (269)          (670)              (407)              (155)        (1,232)
                                         Contracts initially recognized in the year                           -           40           267             100            407                126                109            642
                                         Changes in estimates that adjust the CSM                           14          (168)            5              28           (121)                83                289            251
                                         Net finance (income) expenses from
                                           insurance contracts                                               2            18            91              65            176                (15)                  -           161
                                         Effect of movement in exchange rates                               (3)            -           165              70            232                120                (12)           340
                                       CSM, end of year                                                     60           513         3,866           2,430          6,869              3,175              3,486         13,530
                                       [1] Included in non-controlling interests on the balance sheets.
                                       [2] The amounts in the table above are presented net of reinsurance.



                                       NOTE 8 POWER CORPORATION’S DEBENTURES AND OTHER DEBT INSTRUMENTS

                                                                                                                                                                                         June 30,                   December 31,
                                                                                                                                                                                           2026                           2025

                                       POWER CORPORATION
                                       Debentures - unsecured
                                         8.57% debentures due April 22, 2039                                                                                                                150                            150
                                         4.81% debentures due January 31, 2047                                                                                                              249                            249
                                         4.455% debentures due July 27, 2048                                                                                                                248                            248

                                       Total Power Corporation                                                                                                                              647                            647

                                       The Corporation has a line of credit of $500 million bearing interest at Adjusted Term SOFR plus 0.70%. At June 30, 2026 and
                                       December 31, 2025, the Corporation was not using its line of credit.




                                             A  94                                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




NOTE 9 NON-RECOURSE DEBENTURES AND OTHER DEBT INSTRUMENTS




                                                                                                                                                            PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
A) POWER FINANCIAL, GREAT WEST AND IGM
The following table presents the debentures and other debt instruments issued by Power Financial, Great West and IGM. The
debentures of Power Financial are direct obligations of Power Financial and are non-recourse to the Corporation. All
debentures and other debt instruments of Great West and its subsidiaries are direct obligations of Great West or its
subsidiaries, as applicable, and are non-recourse to the Corporation. All of the debentures of IGM are direct obligations of
IGM and are non-recourse to the Corporation.
                                                                                                                                  June 30,   December 31,
                                                                                                                                    2026           2025

POWER FINANCIAL
Debentures – unsecured
  6.90% debentures due March 11, 2033                                                                                               250             250

Total Power Financial                                                                                                               250             250

GREAT WEST
Debentures and Senior Bonds – unsecured
  1.75% senior bonds due December 7, 2026 (€500 million) [1]                                                                        810             805
  3.337% debentures due February 28, 2028                                                                                           500             499
  6.40% subordinated debentures due December 11, 2028                                                                               100             100
  4.70% senior bonds due November 16, 2029 (€500 million) [1]                                                                       807             802
  2.379% debentures due May 14, 2030                                                                                                599             598
  6.74% debentures due November 24, 2031                                                                                            197             197
  6.67% debentures due March 21, 2033                                                                                               397             397
  5.998% debentures due November 16, 2039                                                                                           343             343
  2.981% debentures due July 8, 2050                                                                                                494             494
  7.529% capital trust debentures due June 30, 2052 (face value of $150 million)                                                    154             154
                                                                                                                                  4,401           4,389

Other Debt Instruments – unsecured
  Commercial paper and other short-term debt instruments with interest rates of
    3.990% to 3.994% (3.921% to 4.204% at December 31, 2025)                                                                        283             273
  1.357% senior notes due September 17, 2027 (US$400 million)                                                                       567             547
  4.047% senior notes due May 17, 2028 (US$300 million)                                                                             426             411
  4.51% mortgage on investment property due January 1, 2029 (US$39 million)                                                          52              51
  1.776% senior notes due March 17, 2031 (US$400 million)                                                                           567             546
  4.15% senior notes due June 3, 2047 (US$700 million)                                                                              980             946
  4.581% senior notes due May 17, 2048 (US$500 million)                                                                             704             679
  3.075% senior notes due September 17, 2051 (US$700 million)                                                                       985             950
                                                                                                                                  4,564           4,403

Total Great West                                                                                                                  8,965           8,792
[1] Designated by Great West as hedges of the net investment in foreign operations.




                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                A  95
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




                                       NOTE 9      NON-RECOURSE DEBENTURES AND OTHER DEBT INSTRUMENTS (continued)




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                                                                                            June 30,   December 31,
                                                                                                                                                                              2026           2025

                                       IGM FINANCIAL
                                       Debentures – unsecured
                                         3.44% debentures due January 26, 2027                                                                                                 400            400
                                         6.65% debentures due December 13, 2027                                                                                                125            125
                                         7.45% debentures due May 9, 2031                                                                                                      150            150
                                         7.00% debentures due December 31, 2032                                                                                                175            175
                                         7.11% debentures due March 7, 2033                                                                                                    150            150
                                         4.407% debentures due June 2, 2036                                                                                                    200               -
                                         6.00% debentures due December 10, 2040                                                                                                200            200
                                         4.56% debentures due January 25, 2047                                                                                                 200            200
                                         4.115% debentures due December 9, 2047                                                                                                250            250
                                         4.174% debentures due July 13, 2048                                                                                                   200            200
                                         4.206% debentures due March 21, 2050                                                                                                  250            250
                                         5.426% debentures due May 26, 2053                                                                                                    300            300
                                         5.002% debentures due June 2, 2056                                                                                                    200               -
                                       Debentures of IGM held by Great West as investments                                                                                     (88)           (88)

                                       Total IGM                                                                                                                             2,712          2,312

                                       Total Power Financial, Great West and IGM                                                                                           11,927          11,354


                                       GREAT WEST
                                       Subsequent event
                                       On July 7, 2026, Great West issued €500 million ($810 million) 7-year bonds and will pay an annual coupon of 3.625%, priced
                                       at 99.575% of par to yield 3.695%. The bonds are listed on the Official List of Euronext Dublin and are admitted to trading on
                                       the Global Exchange Market of Euronext Dublin.

                                       IGM FINANCIAL
                                       On June 2, 2026, IGM issued $200 million aggregate principal amount 4.407% debentures, maturing on June 2, 2036 and
                                       $200 million aggregate principal amount 5.002% debentures, maturing on June 2, 2056. The net proceeds were used by IGM
                                       to fund the early redemption on July 2, 2026 of all of its $400 million aggregate principal amount of 3.44% debentures due
                                       January 26, 2027.

                                       CHANGES IN DEBENTURES AND OTHER DEBT INSTRUMENTS – POWER FINANCIAL, GREAT WEST AND IGM
                                       The table below details changes in the debentures and other debt instruments arising from financing activities, including both
                                       cash and non-cash changes.
                                                                                                                                                                          June 30 ,        June 30 ,
                                                                                                                                                                            2026             2025

                                       Balance, beginning of year                                                                                                         11,354           12,031
                                         Issue of debentures                                                                                                                 400                 -
                                         Changes in foreign exchange rates and other                                                                                         173             (177)
                                       Balance, end of period                                                                                                             11,927           11,854




                                           A  96                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




NOTE 9        NON-RECOURSE DEBENTURES AND OTHER DEBT INSTRUMENTS (continued)




                                                                                                                                                              PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
B) ALTERNATIVE ASSET INVESTMENT PLATFORMS AND OTHER – PROJECT AND OTHER DEBT
The following table presents the other debt instruments held by alternative asset investment platforms and other subsidiaries.
All other debt instruments are credit or loan facilities that are direct obligations, and secured by the assets, of subsidiaries of
the Corporation and are non-recourse to the Corporation.
                                                                                                                                    June 30,   December 31,
                                                                                                                                      2026           2025

OTHER DEBT INSTRUMENTS
Investment Funds and Other - secured
   Revolving credit facility up to $600 million, with interest equal to CORRA plus 0.9%                                               300             100
   Revolving credit facility up to $385 million, with interest equal to CORRA plus 2.75%,
    prime rate plus 1.75% or SOFR plus 2.75% ($21 million and US$91 million)
    ($21 million and US$136 million at December 31, 2025)                                                                             150             207
   Revolving credit facility up to US$110 million, bearing interest at various rates from
    SOFR plus 1.75% to 2.65% (US$89 million) (US$62 million at December 31, 2025)                                                     127                85
   Revolving credit facility up to US$100 million, with interest equal to
    SOFR plus 3.66% (US$6 million)                                                                                                       9                -
   Revolving credit facility up to US$90 million, with interest equal to
    SOFR plus 1.8% (US$47 million)                                                                                                      67                -
   Revolving credit facility up to US$84 million, with interest equal to
    SOFR plus 2.0% (US$30 million) (US$5 million at December 31, 2025)                                                                  43               7
   Revolving credit facility up to US$75 million, with interest equal to the U.S. base rate
    minus 0.35% (US$47 million) (US$14 million at December 31, 2025)                                                                    67               19
   Revolving credit facility up to US$53 million, with interest equal to
    SOFR plus 1.6% (US$2 million) (US$3 million at December 31, 2025)                                                                    3               4
   Revolving credit facility up to US$50 million, with interest equal to
    SOFR plus 1.85% (US$3 million) (US$9 million at December 31, 2025)                                                                   5               12
   Revolving credit facility up to US$49 million, with interest equal to
    SOFR plus 2.0% (US$37 million) (US$38 million at December 31, 2025)                                                                 53               52
   Revolving credit facility up to $14 million, with interest equal to prime rate plus 0.25%                                            10                -
   Revolving credit facility up to $5 million, with interest equal to prime rate plus 0.15%                                              1                -
   Mezzanine loan due in February 2029, with interest equal to 15.0%
    (€10 million) (€10 million at December 31, 2025)                                                                                    17               15
   Mortgages on investment properties, due from August 2028 to June 2031,
    bearing interest at various rates from 3.0% to 5.34% and
    SOFR plus 2.75% (US$117 million) (US$63 million at December 31, 2025)                                                             166                86
   Senior loan facility due in May 2028, with interest equal to
    SOFR plus 4.75% (US$9 million) (US$19 million at December 31, 2025)                                                                12              26
                                                                                                                                    1,030             613

Renewable Energy - Project debt - secured
  Construction loan facilities due from February 2027 to December 2057, bearing interest at
   various rates from 5.49% to 5.94%, SOFR plus 2.25% to 3.375% and
   U.S. base rate plus 1.25% ($331 million and US$481 million)
   ($39 million and US$478 million at December 31, 2025)                                                                            1,015             695
  Loan facilities due from December 2030 to December 2037, bearing interest at
   various rates from 4.23% to 6.0% and CORRA plus 1.625%                                                                             426             448
  Loan facilities due from May 2027 to December 2059, bearing interest at
   various rates from 3.62% to 6.93% and prime rate plus 1.5% ($1,014 million
   and US$144 million) ($1,039 million and US$148 million at December 31, 2025)                                                     1,218           1,242
  Loan facilities due from December 2026 to December 2055, bearing interest at
   various rates from 2.73% to 6.89% and SOFR plus 2.0% to 2.25% (US$651 million)
   (US$598 million at December 31, 2025)                                                                                              925             818
  Mezzanine loans due from January 2035 to June 2035, bearing interest at
   various rates from 7.36% to 7.5%                                                                                                    81              84
                                                                                                                                    3,665           3,287

Other - secured
  Revolving credit facility and term loan facilities due in July 2026 bearing interest at
   various rates equal to prime rate or U.S. base rate plus 4.0%
   and CORRA or SOFR plus 5.0% [1]                                                                                                        -           169
  Subordinated term facility of $65 million, bearing interest at 13.5%, principal and
   accrued interest payable at maturity in October 2026 [1]                                                                               -            77
                                                                                                                                          -           246

Total alternative asset investment platforms and other                                                                              4,695           4,146
[1] Classified as held for sale as at June 30, 2026, and included in other liabilities on the balance sheet (Note 3).


                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                A  97
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




                                       NOTE 9        NON-RECOURSE DEBENTURES AND OTHER DEBT INSTRUMENTS (continued)




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       CHANGES IN OTHER DEBT INSTRUMENTS – ALTERNATIVE ASSET INVESTMENT PLATFORMS AND OTHER
                                       The table below details changes in the other debt instruments arising from financing activities, including both cash and non-
                                       cash changes.
                                                                                                                                                                                          June 30,                  June 30 ,
                                                                                                                                                                                            2026                      2025

                                       Balance, beginning of year                                                                                                                         4,146                      3,878
                                         Acquisitions                                                                                                                                          -                        46
                                         Increase in other debt instruments                                                                                                               1,133                        541
                                         Decrease in other debt instruments                                                                                                                (413)                      (418)
                                         Changes in foreign exchange rates and other [1]                                                                                                   (171)                      (105)
                                       Balance, end of period                                                                                                                             4,695                      3,942
                                       [1] Includes $247 million of other debt instruments reclassified as held for sale as at June 30, 2026.



                                       NOTE 10 SHARE CAPITAL

                                       AUTHORIZED
                                       The authorized capital of Power Corporation consists of an unlimited number of First Preferred Shares, issuable in series; an
                                       unlimited number of Participating Preferred Shares; and an unlimited number of Subordinate Voting Shares.

                                       ISSUED AND OUTSTANDING
                                                                                                                                                                       June 30, 2026                       December 31, 2025
                                                                                                                                                      Number                   Share                 Number            Share
                                                                                                                                                      of shares               capital                of shares        capital
                                                                                                                                                                                      $                                     $
                                       Non-Participating Shares
                                       First Preferred Shares
                                          Non-cumulative Redeemable, fixed rate
                                              Series A                                                                                           6,000,000                        150              6,000,000            150
                                              Series B                                                                                           8,000,000                        200              8,000,000            200
                                              Series C                                                                                           6,000,000                        150              6,000,000            150
                                              Series D                                                                                          10,000,000                        250             10,000,000            250
                                              Series G                                                                                           8,000,000                        200              8,000,000            200
                                              Series H                                                                                           8,000,000                        200              8,000,000            200
                                              Series I                                                                                           8,000,000                        200              8,000,000            200

                                       Total Non-Participating Shares                                                                                                          1,350                                  1,350

                                       Participating Shares
                                       Participating Preferred Shares                                                                           54,860,866                        233             54,860,866            233

                                       Subordinate Voting Shares
                                         Balance, beginning of year                                                                            580,872,092                     8,926             589,948,328          9,003
                                           Issued under Stock Option Plan                                                                        2,981,673                       106               3,305,264            113
                                           Purchased for cancellation under Normal Course Issuer Bid                                            (9,217,600)                     (142)            (12,381,500)          (190)
                                         Balance, end of period                                                                                574,636,165                     8,890             580,872,092          8,926
                                       Total Participating Shares                                                                                                              9,123                                  9,159




                                             A  98                                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




NOTE 10 SHARE CAPITAL (continued)




                                                                                                                                    PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
Participating Shares
During the six months ended June 30, 2026, 2,981,673 Subordinate Voting Shares were issued under the Corporation’s
Executive Stock Option Plan for a consideration of $100 million (1,448,259 Subordinate Voting Shares issued for the six
months ended June 30, 2025 for a consideration of $46 million).
During the six months ended June 30, 2026, dividends declared on the Corporation’s participating shares amounted to
$1.3350 per share ($1.2250 per share in 2025).

Normal Course Issuer Bids
On March 1, 2025, the Corporation commenced a Normal Course Issuer Bid (NCIB) which was effective until February 28,
2026. On March 1, 2026, the Corporation commenced a new NCIB which is effective until the earlier of February 28, 2027
and the date on which the Corporation has purchased the maximum permitted number of Subordinate Voting Shares.
Pursuant to this NCIB, the Corporation may purchase up to 20 million of its Subordinate Voting Shares outstanding
(representing approximately 3.8% of the public float of Subordinate Voting Shares outstanding as at February 16, 2026) at
market prices.
In connection with its NCIB, the Corporation has entered into an automatic share purchase plan (ASPP) and may provide
parameters thereunder from time to time to allow a designated broker to purchase Subordinate Voting Shares under the
NCIB at times when the Corporation would ordinarily not be permitted to purchase shares due to regulatory restrictions or
self-imposed blackout periods. This resulted in a liability of $196 million recognized at June 30, 2026, recorded through
retained earnings and included in other liabilities on the balance sheets. Outside of these predetermined trading blackout
periods, purchases under the Corporation’s NCIB will be completed at management’s discretion.
During the six months ended June 30, 2026, the Corporation purchased and cancelled 9,217,600 Subordinate Voting Shares
pursuant to this NCIB for a total of $686 million (4,423,000 Subordinate Voting Shares for a total of $209 million during the
six months ended June 30, 2025). In the six months ended June 30, 2026, the Corporation’s share capital was reduced by the
average carrying value of the shares repurchased for cancellation. The excess paid over the average carrying value of share
capital was $544 million and was recognized as a reduction to retained earnings ($141 million in 2025).
Subsequent event
Subsequent to quarter-end, the Corporation purchased, as of July 30, 2026, an additional 1,770,400 Subordinate Voting
Shares pursuant to its current NCIB, for a total of $161 million.




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6   A  99
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




                                       NOTE 11 SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       STOCK OPTION PLAN
                                       On June 30, 2026, there were 16,291,081 Subordinate Voting Shares and 808,409 Subordinate Voting Shares reserved for
                                       issuance under Power Corporation’s Executive Stock Option Plan and under Power Financial’s Employee Stock Option Plan,
                                       assumed by Power Corporation (Stock Option Plans).
                                       A summary of the status of the Corporation’s Stock Option Plans, including tandem share appreciation rights (TSARs), as at
                                       June 30, 2026 and 2025, and changes during the respective periods then ended, is as follows:

                                                                                                                                                June 30, 2026                                         June 30, 2025
                                                                                                                                             Weighted-average                                      Weighted-average
                                                                                                                               Options           exercise price                      Options           exercise price
                                                                                                                                                                 $                                                   $
                                       Outstanding, beginning of year                                                    14,066,220                       34.66                18,804,983                     32.77
                                         Granted                                                                          1,181,412                       72.31                 1,158,924                     50.37
                                         Exercised or surrendered for cash                                               (7,361,275)                      32.01                (3,306,491)                    32.45
                                         Forfeited                                                                          (15,910)                      50.37                          -                        -
                                       Outstanding, end of period                                                         7,870,447                       42.75                16,657,416                     34.06

                                       Options exercisable, end of period                                                   3,612,454                     33.79                12,587,727                     31.98

                                       The exercise price of the 7,870,447 outstanding options ranges from $28.51 to $86.84.

                                       TANDEM SHARE APPRECIATION RIGHTS
                                       A summary of the status of the Corporation’s options with TSARs attached, as at June 30, 2026 and 2025, and changes during
                                       the respective periods ended is as follows:

                                                                                                                                June 30, 2026                                                          June 30, 2025
                                                                                                Weighted-average                    Fair value                           Weighted-average                  Fair value
                                                                                          TSARs     exercise price                  of liability                   TSARs     exercise price                of liability
                                                                                                                        $                      $                                               $                     $
                                       Outstanding, beginning of year                5,159,204                   30.98                    184               7,751,627                   31.40                     84
                                         Surrendered for cash                       (4,379,602)                  30.91                   (236)             (1,858,232)                  33.00                    (29)
                                         Change in fair value                                                                              89                                                                     49
                                       Outstanding, end of period                     779,602                    31.39                     37               5,893,395                   30.90                    104

                                       TSARs exercisable, end of period               779,602                    31.39                                      5,893,395                   30.90


                                       The fair value of the outstanding cash-settled liability was $37 million at June 30, 2026 ($184 million at December 31, 2025)
                                       and is recorded in other liabilities. The intrinsic value of this liability at June 30, 2026 was $44 million ($217 million at
                                       December 31, 2025).
                                       The fair value of the TSARs was estimated using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model with the following weighted-average
                                       assumptions:
                                                                                                                                                                            June 30 ,                       June 30 ,
                                                                                                                                                                              2026                            2025

                                       Dividend yield                                                                                                                         5.0%                           5.6%
                                       Expected volatility                                                                                                                   19.3%                  17.7% - 19.9%
                                       Risk-free interest rate                                                                                                                3.1%                    2.8% - 2.9%
                                       Expected remaining life (years)                                                                                                         2.8                       0.7 - 3.8
                                       Share price ($/share)                                                                                                                 88.42                          53.19
                                       Weighted-average exercise price ($/option)                                                                                            31.39                          30.90
                                       Weighted-average fair value ($/option)                                                                                                48.07                          17.69


                                       The Corporation entered into total return swap agreements to manage exposure to the volatility of its cash-settled share-
                                       based payments and related liability. For the six months ended June 30, 2026, a net loss of $26 million (a net gain of $3 million
                                       in 2025) arising from the change in fair value of the liability, net of the loss on the remeasurement to fair value of the derivative
                                       instruments, was included in operating and administrative expenses in the statements of earnings.




                                           A  100                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




NOTE 11 SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION (continued)




                                                                                                                                                            PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
COMPENSATION EXPENSE
During the six months ended June 30, 2026, Power Corporation granted 1,181,412 options (1,158,924 options for the six
months ended June 30, 2025) under its Executive Stock Option Plan. Generally, the options vest on the basis of [i] the first
50%, three years from the date of the grant and [ii] the remaining 50% four years from the date of the grant.
The fair value of the options granted was estimated using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model with the following weighted-
average assumptions:
                                                                                                                             June 30 ,         June 30 ,
                                                                                                                               2026              2025

Dividend yield                                                                                                                5.1%               5.7%
Expected volatility                                                                                                          18.8%              18.3%
Risk-free interest rate                                                                                                       3.4%               3.1%
Expected life (years)                                                                                                          8.9                9.1
Fair value ($/option)                                                                                                         7.52               4.00
Weighted-average exercise price ($/option)                                                                                   72.31              50.37


The expected volatility has been estimated based on the historical volatility of the Corporation’s share price using the
expected option life.
Great West, IGM and Wealthsimple have also established stock option plans pursuant to which options may be granted to
certain officers and employees. In addition, other subsidiaries of the Corporation have established share-based compensation
plans. Compensation expense related to equity-settled stock option plans is recorded based on the fair value of the options
or the fair value of the equity instruments at the grant date, amortized over the vesting period. For the three months ended
June 30, 2026, total compensation expense relating to the equity-settled stock options granted by the Corporation and its
subsidiaries amounted to $35 million ($13 million in 2025), and $65 million for the six months ended June 30, 2026
($36 million in 2025), and was recorded in operating and administrative expenses in the statements of earnings.

PERFORMANCE RESTRICTED SHARE UNITS
On June 30, 2026, there were 7,468,371 Subordinate Voting Shares reserved for issuance under Power Corporation’s
Performance Restricted Share Unit Plan (PRSU Plan).
A summary of the status of the Corporation’s PRSU Plan, as at June 30, 2026, and changes during this period ended is as
follows:

                                                                                                                                         June 30, 2026
                                                                                                                                             Fair value
                                                                                                                              PRSUs          of liability
                                                                                                                                                       $
Outstanding, beginning of year                                                                                              320,707                 15
  Granted                                                                                                                   284,589                   -
  Redeemed                                                                                                                  (81,607)                (6)
  Dividends reinvested                                                                                                        7,940                  1
  Change in fair value                                                                                                                               8
Outstanding, end of period                                                                                                  531,629                 18

As at June 30, 2026, there were no PRSUs redeemable and no units were outstanding at June 30, 2025.




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                  A  101
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




                                       NOTE 12        CAPITAL MANAGEMENT




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       POWER CORPORATION
                                       As a holding company, Power Corporation’s objectives in managing its capital are to:
                                         provide attractive long-term returns to shareholders of the Corporation;
                                         provide sufficient financial flexibility to pursue its growth strategy to invest on a timely basis in its operating companies
                                           and other investments as opportunities arise;
                                         maintain a capital structure that matches the long-term nature of its investments by maximizing the use of permanent
                                           capital;
                                         maintain an appropriate credit rating to ensure stable access to the capital markets; and
                                         maintain a prudent amount of available cash and cash equivalents.
                                       The Board of Directors of the Corporation is responsible for capital management. Management of the Corporation is
                                       responsible for establishing capital management procedures and for implementing and monitoring its capital plans. The
                                       Board of Directors of the Corporation reviews and approves capital transactions such as the issuance, redemption and
                                       repurchase of participating shares, non-participating shares and debentures. The boards of directors of the Corporation’s
                                       subsidiaries, as well as those of Parjointco and GBL, oversee and have the responsibility for their respective company’s capital
                                       management.
                                       The Corporation itself is not subject to externally imposed regulatory capital requirements. However, Great West and certain
                                       of its main subsidiaries, certain of IGM’s subsidiaries and certain of the Corporation’s other subsidiaries are subject to
                                       regulatory capital requirements and they manage their capital as described below.

                                       GREAT WEST
                                       Management of Great West is responsible for establishing capital management procedures for implementing and monitoring
                                       the capital plan.
                                       On June 22, 2026, Great West issued 8,000,000 5.70% Non-Cumulative First Preferred Shares, Series 24 at $25.00 per share
                                       for gross proceeds of $200 million.
                                       In Canada, OSFI has established a regulatory capital adequacy measurement for life insurance companies incorporated under
                                       the Insurance Companies Act (Canada) and their subsidiaries known as the Life Insurance Capital Adequacy Test (LICAT). The
                                       LICAT ratio compares the regulatory capital resources of a company to its required capital, defined by OSFI as the aggregate
                                       of all defined capital requirements. As at June 30, 2026, Canada Life’s LICAT ratio exceeded OSFI’s minimum regulatory
                                       target.
                                       As at June 30, 2026, Great West’s foreign operations and foreign subsidiaries met all applicable local capital or solvency
                                       requirements.

                                       IGM FINANCIAL
                                       IGM is responsible for its capital management practices, which are focused on preserving the quality of its financial position
                                       by maintaining a solid capital base and a strong balance sheet. IGM regularly assesses its capital management practices in
                                       response to changing economic conditions.
                                       The IGM subsidiaries that are subject to regulatory capital requirements include investment dealer, exempt market dealer,
                                       portfolio managers, investment fund managers and a trust company. These IGM subsidiaries are required to maintain
                                       minimum levels of capital based on either working capital, liquidity or shareholders’ equity. At June 30, 2026, IGM subsidiaries
                                       have complied with all regulatory capital requirements.

                                       ALTERNATIVE ASSET INVESTMENT PLATFORMS AND OTHER
                                       Certain subsidiaries are subject to regulatory capital requirements, including portfolio managers, asset managers and an
                                       order-execution-only broker. These subsidiaries are required to maintain levels of capital based on their working capital,
                                       liquidity or shareholders’ equity. At June 30, 2026, these subsidiaries have complied with all regulatory capital requirements.
                                       Further details on the Corporation capital management and the capital management of Great West and IGM are described
                                       in Note 22 to the Corporation’s Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended December 31, 2025.




                                           A  102                                P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




NOTE 13        RISK MANAGEMENT




                                                                                                                                      PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
The Corporation and its subsidiaries have established policies, guidelines and procedures designed to identify, measure,
monitor, report and mitigate material risks associated with financial instruments and insurance contracts. The key risks related
to financial instruments are liquidity risk, credit risk and market risk.
  Liquidity risk is the risk that the Corporation and its subsidiaries would not be able to meet all cash outflow obligations as
    they come due or be able to, in a timely manner, raise capital or monetize assets at normal market conditions.
  Credit risk is the potential for financial loss to the Corporation and its subsidiaries if a counterparty in a transaction fails
    to meet its payment obligations. Credit risk can be related to the default of a single debt issuer, the variation of credit
    spreads on tradable fixed income securities and also to counterparty risk relating to derivative products.
  Market risk is the risk that the market value or future cash flows of a financial instrument and the value of insurance and
    investment contract liabilities will fluctuate as a result of changes in market factors. Market factors include three types of
    risks: foreign exchange risk, interest rate (including inflation) risk and equity risk.
     Foreign exchange risk relates to the Corporation, its subsidiaries and its jointly controlled corporations and associates
      operating in different currencies and converting non-Canadian investments and earnings at different points in time at
      different foreign exchange levels when adverse changes in foreign currency exchange rates occur.
     Interest rate risk is the risk that the fair value of a financial instrument will fluctuate following changes in the interest
      rates.
     Equity risk is the potential loss associated with the sensitivity of the market price of a financial instrument arising from
      volatility in equity markets.
Estimates of sensitivities and risk exposure measures are included for certain risks, such as the sensitivity due to specific
changes in interest rate levels projected and market prices as at the valuation date. Actual results can differ significantly from
these estimates for a variety of reasons, including, but not limited to, changes in the Corporation and its subsidiaries’ asset or
liability profile, changes in business mix, effective income tax rates, other market factors, differences in the actual exposure
relative to broad market indices, variation in exposures by geography, and general limitations of the Corporation and its
subsidiaries’ internal models.
For these reasons, the sensitivities should only be viewed as directional estimates of the underlying sensitivities for the
respective factors. Given the nature of these calculations, the Corporation cannot provide assurance that the actual impact on
net earnings will be as indicated.
The following is a summary of risks in respect to the Corporation and its subsidiaries’ financial instruments and insurance
contracts. In the first section below, the risk management policies and procedures of Power Corporation, Power Financial and
the Corporation’s alternative asset investment platforms and other are discussed. Risks related to Great West and IGM are
discussed in subsequent sections. For a more detailed discussion, refer to Note 23 to the Corporation’s Consolidated
Financial Statements for the year ended December 31, 2025.




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6   A  103
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




                                       NOTE 13 RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       POWER CORPORATION, POWER FINANCI AL AND ALTERNATIVE ASSET INVESTMENT
                                       PLATFORMS AND OTHER

                                       LIQUIDITY RISK
                                       Power Corporation is a holding company. As such, the holding company’s cash flows are principally derived from dividends
                                       received from its subsidiaries and income from investments, less operating expenses, financing charges, income taxes and
                                       payment of dividends to its participating and non-participating shareholders. As a holding company, the Corporation’s ability
                                       to pay dividends is dependent upon the Corporation receiving dividends from its principal operating subsidiaries and other
                                       investments. Great West and its subsidiaries are subject to restrictions set out in relevant corporate and insurance laws and
                                       regulations, which require that solvency and capital ratios be maintained. IGM’s subsidiaries are also subject to minimum
                                       capital requirements. Regulatory requirements may change from time to time, and thereby impact the ability of the operating
                                       subsidiaries to pay dividends. The declaration and payment of dividends by the Corporation in future periods remains at the
                                       discretion of its Board of Directors and is dependent on the operating performance, profitability, financial position and
                                       creditworthiness of its operating subsidiaries and other investments, as well as on their ability to pay dividends.

                                       Power Corporation and Power Financial believe their ongoing cash flows from operations, available cash balances and
                                       liquidity available through their lines of credit are sufficient to address their liquidity needs.

                                       CREDIT RISK
                                       Power Corporation, Power Financial and other subsidiaries’ cash and cash equivalents, including fixed income securities,
                                       funds held on behalf of clients, securities borrowed, other loans and derivatives are subject to credit risk.
                                       Power Corporation, Power Financial and other subsidiaries manage credit risk on their fixed income securities by adhering to
                                       an investment policy that establishes guidelines which provide exposure limits by defining admissible securities, minimum
                                       ratings and concentration limits.
                                       The maximum exposure to credit risk on these financial instruments is limited to their carrying value.

                                       MARKET RISK
                                       Power Corporation and Power Financial and other subsidiaries’ financial instruments are comprised of cash and cash
                                       equivalents, fixed income securities, other investments (consisting of equity securities, other loans, investment funds and
                                       investment properties), derivatives and debentures and other debt instruments.

                                       Equity Risk
                                       Power Corporation, Power Financial and other subsidiaries held other investments either classified as FVOCI or FVPL.
                                       Unrealized gains and losses on investments classified as FVOCI are recorded in other comprehensive income and transferred
                                       directly to retained earnings on realization. Unrealized gains and losses on investments classified as FVPL are recorded directly
                                       in net earnings. As at June 30, 2026, the Corporation’s investments classified as FVOCI are not significant. At June 30, 2026,
                                       the impact of a 10% decrease in the value of other investments held by Power Corporation, Power Financial and other
                                       subsidiaries would have resulted in an approximate $562 million loss recorded in net earnings related to investments
                                       classified as FVPL, including investments in jointly controlled corporations and associates measured at FVPL ($455 million at
                                       December 31, 2025).
                                       GBL holds a portfolio of investments which are classified as FVOCI or FVPL. Unrealized gains and losses on investments
                                       classified as FVOCI are recorded in other comprehensive income and transferred directly to retained earnings on realization.
                                       Unrealized gains and losses on investments classified as FVPL are recorded directly in net earnings. As at June 30, 2026, the
                                       impact of a 10% decrease in equity markets would have resulted in an approximate $170 million unrealized loss (same as at
                                       December 31, 2025) to be recorded in other comprehensive income related to investments classified as FVOCI and a
                                       $30 million loss ($45 million at December 31, 2025) recorded in net earnings related to investments classified as FVPL,
                                       representing the Corporation’s share of Parjointco’s unrealized losses.
                                       Power Corporation, Power Financial and other subsidiaries’ exposure and management of liquidity risk, credit risk and market
                                       risk have not changed materially since December 31, 2025.




                                           A  104                                P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




NOTE 13 RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)




                                                                                                                                       PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
GREAT WEST
The risk committee of the board of directors of Great West is responsible for the oversight of Great West’s key risks.
Great West has established policies and procedures designed to identify, measure, manage, monitor and report material risks
associated with financial instruments and insurance contracts. Great West’s approach to risk management has not changed
significantly since December 31, 2025. Certain risks are presented below. For a more detailed discussion of Great West’s risk
governance structure and risk management approach, refer to Note 23 to the Corporation’s Consolidated Financial
Statements for the year ended December 31, 2025.

LIQUIDITY RISK
Great West has the following policies and procedures in place to manage liquidity risk:
  Management of Great West closely manages operating liquidity through cash flow matching of assets and liabilities and
    forecasting earned and required yields, to ensure consistency between policyholder requirements and the yield of assets.
  Management of Great West closely monitors the solvency and capital positions of its principal subsidiaries opposite
    liquidity requirements at its holding company. Additional liquidity is available through established lines of credit or via
    capital market transactions. Great West maintains committed lines of credit with Canadian chartered banks.

CREDIT RISK
Concentrations of Credit Risk
Concentrations of credit risk arise from exposures to a single debtor, a group of related debtors or groups of debtors that
have similar credit risk characteristics in that they operate in the same geographic region or in similar industries. The
characteristics of such debtors are similar in that changes in economic or political environments may impact their ability to
meet obligations as they come due. No significant changes have occurred from the year ended December 31, 2025.
Expected Credit Losses
The majority of Great West’s financial assets are measured at FVPL and therefore are not subject to the ECL model. The ECL
model only applies to FVOCI and amortized cost fixed income investments. The ECL allowance at Great West was $17 million
at June 30, 2026, of which $4 million was Stage 1, $10 million was Stage 2 and $3 million was Stage 3 ($25 million at
December 31, 2025, of which $4 million was Stage 1, $16 million was Stage 2 and $5 million was Stage 3).

Credit Impact on Financial Assets and Liabilities Designated as FVPL
The carrying value of Great West’s financial assets and liabilities designated as FVPL represents the maximum exposure to
credit risk for those financial instruments. The change in fair value attributable to the change in credit risk of these financial
instruments is generally insignificant in the absence of significant credit events occurring on specific financial instruments. Fair
value losses of $25 million and $47 million for the three and six months ended June 30, 2026, respectively ($69 million and
$125 million for the three and six months ended June 30, 2025, respectively) are reflected in changes in FVPL in the statement
of earnings related to significant credit events occurring on financial instruments designated as FVPL.

MARKET RISK
Foreign Exchange Risk
If the assets backing insurance and investment contract liabilities are not matched by currency, changes in foreign exchange
rates can expose Great West to the risk of foreign exchange losses not offset by liability decreases.
  A 10% weakening of the Canadian dollar against foreign currencies would be expected to increase non-participating
    insurance and investment contract liabilities and their supporting assets by approximately the same amount, resulting in
    an immaterial immediate change to net earnings. A 10% strengthening of the Canadian dollar against foreign currencies
    would be expected to decrease non-participating insurance and investment contract liabilities and their supporting
    assets by approximately the same amount, resulting in an immaterial immediate change to net earnings.
Great West has net investments in foreign operations. Great West’s debt obligations are denominated in Canadian dollars,
euros and U.S. dollars. Foreign currency translation gains and losses from net investments in foreign operations, net of related
hedging activities and tax effects, are recorded in other comprehensive income. Strengthening or weakening of the Canadian
dollar spot rate compared to the U.S. dollar, British pound and euro spot rates impacts Great West’s total equity.
Correspondingly, Great West’s book value per share and capital ratios monitored by rating agencies are also impacted.




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6   A  105
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




                                       NOTE 13 RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       Interest Rate Risk
                                       The following policies and procedures are in place to mitigate Great West’s exposure to interest rate risk:
                                         Great West manages its interest rate risk by investing in assets that are suitable for the products sold.
                                         Great West uses a formal process for managing the matching of assets and liabilities. This involves grouping general fund
                                           assets and liabilities into each of its segments. Assets in each of its segments are generally managed in relation to the
                                           liabilities in the segment.
                                         For products with fixed and highly predictable benefit payments, investments are generally made in fixed income assets
                                           or investment properties whose cash flows closely match the liability product cash flows. Where assets are not available
                                           to match certain period cash flows, such as long-tail cash flows, a portion of these are invested in equities and other non-
                                           fixed income assets while the rest are duration matched.
                                         Hedging instruments are employed when there is a lack of suitable permanent investments or to manage the level of loss
                                           exposure to interest rate changes.
                                         To the extent asset and liability cash flows are matched, protection against interest rate change is achieved and any
                                           change in the fair value of the assets will be offset by a similar change in the fair value of the liabilities.
                                         For products with less predictable timing of benefit payments, investments are made in fixed income assets with cash
                                           flows of a shorter duration than the anticipated timing of benefit payments, or equities and non-fixed income assets.
                                         The risks associated with the mismatch in portfolio duration and cash flow, asset prepayment exposure and the pace of
                                           asset acquisition are quantified and reviewed regularly.
                                       The impact to net earnings from changes in the interest rates would be largely offset by changes in the value of financial assets
                                       supporting the liabilities. However, differences in the interest rate sensitivity in the value of assets and the value of insurance
                                       and investment contract liabilities leads to a sensitivity to interest rate movements in net earnings.
                                       Great West’s asset liability management strategy uses public equities and other non-fixed income assets as a component of
                                       general fund assets supporting liabilities, which leads to interest rate exposure in the net earnings. Further, the classification
                                       of financial assets, such as mortgage assets in the United Kingdom which are valued at amortized cost and held in the general
                                       fund assets supporting liabilities, also contributes to interest rate exposure in net earnings.
                                       The impact to net earnings and equity from an immediate parallel 50 basis point increase or decrease in interest rates is
                                       illustrated in the table below, rounded to the nearest $25 million:
                                       Change in market yield curves
                                                                                                                                                 June 30, 2026                               December 31, 2025
                                                                                                                            Increase                  Decrease                   Increase              Decrease
                                                                                                                     50 basis points            50 basis points           50 basis points        50 basis points
                                                                                                                       interest rates             interest rates            interest rates         interest rates

                                       Net earnings                                                                               25                        (50)                      25                    (50)
                                       Equity                                                                                    (25)                       (25)                       -                    (25)

                                       The sensitivities above reflect the immediate impacts on net earnings and equity from market movements.
                                       Actual impacts of interest rate changes will vary depending upon the geography where the changes occur. Net earnings are
                                       positively impacted by a parallel increase in interest rates and credit spreads in Canada and the United Kingdom, and are
                                       positively impacted by a parallel decrease in interest rates in the United States and eurozone. Actual impacts of interest rate
                                       changes also vary by the level of change in interest rates by term. Therefore, actual impacts from interest rate changes may
                                       differ materially from the estimated impact of parallel movements in all geographies, which is presented above.
                                       The potential impact on the net earnings does not take into account any future potential changes to Great West’s ultimate
                                       investment rate (UIR) assumptions. As at both June 30, 2026 and December 31, 2025, the sensitivity of net earnings to a
                                       10 basis point increase or decrease in the UIR in all geographies would be an increase of $10 million or a decrease of
                                       $10 million post-tax, respectively, when rounded to the nearest $10 million.




                                           A  106                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




NOTE 13 RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)




                                                                                                                                                                              PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
The impact to net earnings and equity from an immediate parallel 50 basis point increase or decrease in credit spreads is
illustrated in the table below, rounded to the nearest $25 million, with no change to the ultimate illiquidity premium.
Change in credit spreads
                                                                                                                   June 30, 2026                        December 31, 2025
                                                                                              Increase                  Decrease            Increase              Decrease
                                                                                       50 basis points            50 basis points    50 basis points        50 basis points
                                                                                        credit spreads             credit spreads     credit spreads         credit spreads

Net earnings                                                                                       200                      (225)              150                   (200)
Equity                                                                                             250                      (325)              225                   (300)

The sensitivities above reflect the immediate impacts on net earnings and equity from market movements.
Actual impacts of credit spread changes will vary depending on the geographies where the changes occur, and the changes
in credit spreads by term. A change in credit spreads may also lead to a change in the allowance for credit risk within the
discount rate, depending on prevailing market and credit conditions at the time; any potential earnings impacts that may arise
from such a change are not reflected in the sensitivities above.

Equity Risk
Great West has investment policy guidelines in place that provide for prudent investment in equity markets with clearly
defined limits to mitigate this risk. The risks associated with segregated fund guarantees on lifetime Guaranteed Minimum
Withdrawal Benefits have been mitigated through a hedging program using equity futures, currency forwards and interest
rate derivatives.
Some insurance and investment contract liabilities with long-tail cash flows are supported by publicly traded common shares
and investments in other non-fixed income assets, primarily comprised of investment properties, real estate funds, private
equities, and equity-release mortgages. Net earnings will reflect changes in the value of non-fixed income assets. However,
in most cases the value of the liabilities will not fluctuate with changes in the value of the non-fixed income assets.
The liabilities for segregated fund products with guarantees will fluctuate with changes in the value of the non-fixed income
assets. Under current market conditions, there are no material earnings impacts to Great West on segregated fund business
that it does not hedge, as changes in the cost of guarantees are fully offset within the CSM. For segregated fund business that
Great West hedges, there is a limited earnings impact with respect to the change in liability versus the change in hedge assets.
The following table provides information on the expected impacts of an immediate 10% or 20% increase or decrease in the
value of publicly traded common shares on net earnings and equity, rounded to the nearest $25 million:
Change in publicly traded common share values
                                                                                                 June 30, 2026                                           December 31, 2025
                                                                   Increase                           Decrease                      Increase                      Decrease
                                                     20%                10%              10%                20%             20%        10%              10%             20%

Net earnings                                         50                 25              (25)               (50)              75         50              (50)           (75)
Equity                                              525                275             (275)              (550)             500        250             (250)          (525)

The sensitivities above reflect the immediate impacts on the net earnings and equity from market movements.
The following table provides information on the expected impacts of an immediate 5% or 10% increase or decrease in the
value of other non-fixed income assets on net earnings and equity, rounded to the nearest $25 million:
Change in other non-fixed income asset values
                                                                                                 June 30, 2026                                           December 31, 2025
                                                                   Increase                           Decrease                      Increase                      Decrease
                                                     10%                 5%               5%                10%             10%          5%              5%             10%

Net earnings                                        600                300             (325)              (650)             550        275             (300)          (600)
Equity                                              650                325             (350)              (675)             600        300             (325)          (650)

The sensitivities above reflect the immediate impacts on net earnings and equity from market movements.




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                                      A  107
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




                                       NOTE 13 RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       IGM FINANCIAL
                                       The risk committee of the board of IGM is responsible for assisting the board of directors of IGM in reviewing and overseeing
                                       the risk governance structure and risk management program of IGM.
                                       The risk management policies and procedures of IGM have not changed materially since December 31, 2025. Certain risks
                                       are presented below. For a more detailed discussion of IGM’s risk governance structure and risk management approach, refer
                                       to Note 23 to the Corporation’s Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended December 31, 2025.

                                       LIQUIDITY RISK
                                       IGM’s liquidity profile is structured to ensure it has sufficient liquidity to satisfy current and prospective requirements in both
                                       normal and stressed conditions. IGM’s liquidity management practices include:
                                         Maintaining liquid assets and lines of credit to satisfy near-term liquidity needs.
                                         Ensuring effective controls over liquidity management processes.
                                         Performing regular cash forecasts and stress testing.
                                         Regular assessment of capital market conditions and IGM’s ability to access bank and capital market funding.
                                         Ongoing efforts to diversify and expand long-term mortgage funding sources.
                                         Oversight of liquidity risks by its internal financial risk management committee.
                                       A key liquidity requirement for IGM is the funding of advisor network compensation paid for the distribution of financial
                                       products and services. This compensation continues to be paid from operating cash flows.
                                       IGM’s liquidity position and its management of liquidity risk have not changed materially since December 31, 2025.

                                       CREDIT RISK
                                       IGM’s cash and cash equivalents, funds held on behalf of clients, mortgage portfolios and derivatives are subject to credit risk.
                                       IGM monitors its credit risk management practices on an ongoing basis to evaluate their effectiveness.
                                       IGM’s allowance for expected credit losses was $1 million at June 30, 2026 ($1 million at December 31, 2025), and is
                                       considered adequate by IGM’s management to absorb all credit-related losses in the mortgage portfolios based on:
                                       i) historical credit performance experience; ii) recent trends in interest rates; iii) current portfolio credit metrics and other
                                       relevant characteristics; iv) its strong financial planning relationship with its clients; and v) stress testing of losses under adverse
                                       real estate market conditions.
                                       IGM’s exposure to and management of credit risk have not changed materially since December 31, 2025.

                                       MARKET RISK
                                       IGM's financial instruments are subject to the risk of loss arising from changes in values due to the changes in interest rates,
                                       equity prices and foreign exchange rates.
                                       IGM is exposed to foreign exchange risk on its investments in ChinaAMC and Rockefeller. Changes to the carrying value due
                                       to changes in foreign exchange rates are recognized in other comprehensive income. As at June 30, 2026, a 5% appreciation
                                       in Canadian currency relative to foreign currencies would decrease the aggregate carrying value of foreign investments by
                                       approximately $128 million ($120 million at December 31, 2025).




                                           A  108                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




NOTE 14 INSURANCE REVENUE




                                                                                                                                                                    PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                  Three months ended June 30,           Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                                      2026                   2025      2026                2025

Contracts not measured under the PAA
Amounts relating to changes in liabilities for remaining coverage
  Experience adjustments                                                                             (27)                     (18)      (35)               (45)
  CSM recognized for services provided                                                               359                      340       709                671
  Change in risk adjustment for non-financial risk for risk expired                                  152                      149       305                302
  Expected incurred claims and other insurance service expenses                                    2,515                    2,481     4,995              4,921
  Recovery of insurance acquisition cash flows                                                       167                      161       362                328
                                                                                                   3,166                    3,113     6,336              6,177
Contracts measured under the PAA                                                                   2,656                    2,438     5,185              4,860
Total insurance revenue                                                                            5,822                    5,551    11,521             11,037



NOTE 15         RESTRUCTURING EXPENSES

Restructuring expenses are recorded in operating and administrative expenses on the statements of earnings and include:

GREAT WEST
Great West undertakes a variety of initiatives related to operational restructuring, acquisition-related integration and
technology and process modernization. Only the initiatives that qualify as formal restructuring programs in accordance with
IAS 37, Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets, result in a provision. These provisions are described further
below. Other restructuring and business transformation costs that do not qualify are expensed as incurred and are not
included in the amounts described below.
Great West recorded restructuring provisions of $12 million and $30 million for the three and six months ended June 30,
2026, respectively ($266 million and $276 million for the three and six months ended June 30, 2025, respectively). The
provisions recorded in the three and six months ended June 30, 2026 are related to planned technology and efficiency
initiatives in the United States intended to position Great West for future growth and expense savings.
As at June 30, 2026, Great West had restructuring provisions of $307 million remaining in other liabilities ($365 million at
December 31, 2025). These provisions primarily relate to previously announced restructuring initiatives, which Great West
expects to complete by the end of 2027.

IGM FINANCIAL
IGM recorded restructuring and other charges of $95 million ($70 million after tax) for the three and six months ended
June 30, 2026, respectively (nil in 2025), related to actions taken to simplify its organizational structure and operating model,
and to improve efficiency. These actions are intended to create capacity for IGM to further invest in artificial intelligence (AI)
capabilities. The initiatives include organizational structure changes, the consolidation of certain team structures and
streamlined workflows. The charge primarily consists of severance and also includes other costs associated with these
activities.




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                           A  109
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




                                       NOTE 16 INCOME TAXES




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       INCOME TAXES
                                       The components of income tax expense (recovery) recognized in net earnings are:

                                                                                                                               Three months ended June 30,                      Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                                                                   2026                    2025                 2026                2025

                                       Current taxes
                                         Current income tax                                                                        327                     137                   679                353
                                         Global Minimum Tax                                                                         31                      37                    77                 68
                                                                                                                                   358                     174                   756                421
                                       Deferred taxes                                                                             (103)                    (61)                 (153)              (112)
                                                                                                                                   255                     113                   603                309


                                       EFFECTIVE INCOME TAX RATE
                                       The effective income tax rate for the Corporation for the six months ended June 30, 2026, was 19.1% (11.8% for the six months
                                       ended June 30, 2025).
                                       The effective income tax rate varies from period to period as a result of changes in the jurisdictional mix of earnings and
                                       movements in non-taxable investment income and results from jointly controlled corporations and associates. It may also be
                                       affected by other items such as provisions-to-return adjustments, tax rate changes, the recognition of deferred tax assets and
                                       tax credits and updates to tax estimates, including deferred tax asset recoverability and uncertain tax position estimates, as
                                       well as the remeasurement of certain tax liabilities.
                                       The effective income tax rates are generally lower than the Corporation’s statutory income tax rate of 26.5% due to non-
                                       taxable investment income, lower tax in certain foreign jurisdictions and results from jointly controlled corporations and
                                       associates that are not taxable.




                                           A  110                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




NOTE 17 OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME




                                                                                                                                                                                      PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                              Items that may be reclassified                      Items that will not be reclassified
                                                                               subsequently to net earnings                                          to net earnings
                                                                                                                                      Actuarial
                                                                                                                                  gains (losses)
                                                                                               Share of jointly                     on defined Share of jointly
                                                                                   Foreign         controlled                           benefit    controlled
Six months ended                             Investment        Cash flow          currency       corporations         Investment pension plans   corporations
June 30, 2026                                revaluation         hedges         translation    and associates         revaluation    and other and associates                 Total

Balance, beginning of year                           (93)           118             1,449                 196               (175)             70               359          1,924
  Other comprehensive
    income (loss)                                    (27)             61              394                 193               262              104                (63)          924
  Realized (gains) losses on
    FVOCI equity instruments
    transferred to
    retained earnings                                  -              -                 -                    -               (17)              -               103             86
  Other                                                -              -                 -                 (14)                  -              -                 2            (12)
Balance, end of period                             (120)            179             1,843                 375                 70             174               401          2,922



                                                                              Items that may be reclassified                      Items that will not be reclassified
                                                                               subsequently to net earnings                                          to net earnings
                                                                                                                                      Actuarial
                                                                                                                                  gains (losses)
                                                                                               Share of jointly                     on defined Share of jointly
                                                                                   Foreign         controlled                           benefit    controlled
Six months ended                             Investment        Cash flow          currency       corporations         Investment pension plans   corporations
June 30, 2025                                revaluation         hedges         translation    and associates         revaluation    and other and associates                 Total

Balance, beginning of year                         (174)              32            1,778                   18              (285)               8              626          2,003
  Other comprehensive
    income (loss)                                     59                7            (350)                143               111               63              (266)          (233)
  Realized gains on
    FVOCI equity instruments
    transferred to
    retained earnings                                   -              -                -                    -                   -             -               (46)           (46)
  Other                                               (1)              -               14                 (25)                 (2)             -                11              (3)
Balance, end of period                             (116)              39            1,442                 136               (176)             71               325          1,721




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                                               A  111
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




                                       NOTE 18 EARNINGS PER SHARE




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       The following is a reconciliation of the numerators and the denominators used in the computations of earnings per share:

                                                                                                                                                      Three months ended June 30,                Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                                                                                             2026                  2025            2026             2025

                                       Earnings
                                       Net earnings attributable to shareholders                                                                             709                   785           1,549            1,487
                                       Dividends on non-participating shares                                                                                 (19)                  (13)            (39)             (26)
                                       Net earnings attributable to participating shareholders                                                               690                   772           1,510            1,461
                                       Dilutive effect of subsidiaries’ outstanding stock options                                                              (7)                   (3)           (13)               (7)
                                       Effect of equity-settled method for TSARs and PRSUs [1]                                                                   -                     -             1                (3)
                                       Net earnings adjusted for dilutive effect                                                                             683                   769           1,498            1,451

                                       Number of participating shares [millions]
                                       Weighted average number of participating shares outstanding – Basic                                                 630.2                 642.1           632.1            642.6
                                         Effect of potential exercise of outstanding stock options and PRSUs                                                 4.2                   5.9             3.9              5.4
                                       Weighted average number of participating shares outstanding – Diluted                                               634.4                 648.0           636.0            648.0


                                       Net earnings per participating share
                                       Basic                                                                                                                 1.10                 1.20             2.39             2.27
                                       Diluted                                                                                                               1.08                 1.19             2.36             2.24
                                       [1] Options with TSARs and PRSUs are accounted for as cash-settled share-based payments. As these options or units can be exercised in exchange for subordinate voting
                                           shares or for cash, they are considered potentially dilutive and are included in the calculation of the diluted net earnings per share if they have a dilutive impact in the
                                           period, and the net earnings used in the diluted calculation is adjusted to reflect the expense had these options or units been classified as equity-settled.


                                       For the six months ended June 30, 2026, 0.4 million stock options (1.2 million in 2025) were excluded from the computation
                                       of diluted earnings per share as they were anti-dilutive.




                                             A  112                                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




NOTE 19        FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT




                                                                                                                                                                      PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
The Corporation’s assets and liabilities recorded at fair value have been categorized based upon the following fair value
hierarchy:
Level         Definition                                                                               Financial assets and liabilities
Level 1       Utilize observable, unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for                           actively exchange-traded equity securities;
              identical assets or liabilities that the Corporation has the ability to                      exchange-traded futures;
              access.                                                                                      mutual and segregated funds which have available
                                                                                                            prices in an active market with no redemption
                                                                                                            restrictions;
                                                                                                           open-end investment fund units and other liabilities in
                                                                                                            instances where there are quoted prices available
                                                                                                            from active markets.
Level 2       Utilize other-than-quoted prices included in Level 1 that are                                assets and liabilities priced using a matrix which is
              observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly.                         based on credit quality and average life;
              Level 2 inputs include quoted prices for similar assets and                                  government and agency securities;
              liabilities in active markets, and inputs other-than-quoted prices                           restricted shares;
              that are observable for the asset or liability, such as interest rates                       certain private bonds and investment funds;
              and yield curves that are observable at commonly quoted                                      most investment-grade and high-yield corporate
              intervals.                                                                                    bonds;
                                                                                                           most asset-backed securities;
                                                                                                           most over-the-counter derivatives;
                                                                                                           most mortgage and other loans;
                                                                                                           certain other debt instruments;
                                                                                                           most of the investment contracts that are measured at
                                                                                                            FVPL;
                                                                                                           notes issued by consolidated collateralized loan
                                                                                                            obligations (CLOs);
                                                                                                           certain limited-life and redeemable fund units.
Level 3       Utilize one or more significant inputs that are not based on                                 certain bonds;
              observable market inputs and include situations where there is                               certain asset-backed securities;
              little, if any, market activity for the asset or liability.                                  certain private equities;
              The values of the majority of Level 3 securities were obtained                               certain investments in jointly controlled corporations
              from single-broker quotes, internal pricing models, external                                  and associates;
              appraisers or by discounting projected cash flows.                                           certain mortgage and other loans, including
                                                                                                            equity-release mortgages;
                                                                                                           investments in mutual and segregated funds where
                                                                                                            there are redemption restrictions;
                                                                                                           certain over-the-counter derivatives;
                                                                                                           investment properties;
                                                                                                           most of the limited-life and redeemable fund units.




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                              A  113
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




                                       NOTE 19 FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT (continued)




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       The Corporation’s assets and liabilities recorded at fair value, including their levels in the fair value hierarchy using the
                                       valuation methods and assumptions described in the summary of material accounting policies of the Corporation’s
                                       December 31, 2025 Consolidated Financial Statements and above, are presented below. Fair values represent management’s
                                       estimates and are generally calculated using market information at a specific point in time and may not reflect future fair
                                       values. The calculations are subjective in nature, and involve uncertainties and matters of significant judgment.
                                                                                                                                                                                                               Total
                                       June 30, 2026                                                                                       Level 1                    Level 2                   Level 3   fair value

                                       Assets
                                       Bonds
                                          FVPL                                                                                                    -               166,813                         616     167,429
                                          FVOCI                                                                                                   -                12,950                           -      12,950
                                       Mortgage and other loans
                                          FVPL                                                                                                    -                 25,612                      6,663      32,275
                                          FVOCI                                                                                                   -                    271                          -         271
                                       Shares
                                          FVPL                                                                                           12,289                       177                       9,575      22,041
                                          FVOCI                                                                                           1,197                         -                          10       1,207
                                       Investment in jointly controlled corporations and associates [1]                                       -                         -                       1,871       1,871
                                       Investment properties                                                                                  -                         -                       8,976       8,976
                                       Derivative instruments                                                                                 -                     2,424                           3       2,427
                                       Trading account assets                                                                               262                     3,871                           -       4,133
                                       Other assets                                                                                           -                       237                         531         768
                                       Total                                                                                             13,748                   212,355                      28,245     254,348

                                       Liabilities
                                       Investment contract liabilities                                                                           -                  91,271                          -      91,271
                                       Derivative instruments                                                                                    5                   2,932                          6       2,943
                                       Collateralized loan obligation liabilities                                                                -                   4,091                          -       4,091
                                       Limited-life and redeemable fund units                                                                    -                       -                      4,683       4,683
                                       Great West’s other debt instruments                                                                       -                      52                          -          52
                                       Consolidated investment funds’ other debt instruments                                                     -                     166                          -         166
                                       Other liabilities                                                                                         -                     237                         26         263
                                       Total                                                                                                     5                  98,749                      4,715     103,469
                                       [1] Represents investments in jointly controlled corporations and associates held by entities that meet the definition of a venture capital organization, which have been
                                           elected to be measured at FVPL.




                                            A  114                                             P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




NOTE 19 FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT (continued)




                                                                                                                                                                            PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                                                                                   Total
December 31, 2025                                                                                      Level 1                     Level 2    Level 3         fair value

Assets
Bonds
   FVPL                                                                                                      -                161,041           191          161,232
   FVOCI                                                                                                     -                 13,040             -           13,040
Mortgage and other loans
   FVPL                                                                                                      -                    26,139      6,350           32,489
   FVOCI                                                                                                     -                       269          -              269
Shares
   FVPL                                                                                              12,751                       183         8,367           21,301
   FVOCI                                                                                              1,033                         -            10            1,043
Investment in jointly controlled corporations and associates [1]                                          -                         -         1,452            1,452
Investment properties                                                                                     -                         -         8,493            8,493
Derivative instruments                                                                                    2                     2,285             3            2,290
Trading account assets                                                                                  244                     3,751             -            3,995
Other assets                                                                                              -                       615           234              849
Total                                                                                                14,030                   207,323        25,100          246,453

Liabilities
Investment contract liabilities                                                                              -                    89,042          -           89,042
Derivative instruments                                                                                       3                     2,428          7            2,438
Collateralized loan obligation liabilities                                                                   -                     3,904          -            3,904
Limited-life and redeemable fund units                                                                       -                         -      4,128            4,128
Great West’s other debt instruments                                                                          -                        51          -               51
Consolidated investment funds’ other debt instruments                                                        -                        86          -               86
Other liabilities                                                                                            -                       624         25              649
Total                                                                                                        3                    96,135      4,160          100,298
[1] Represents investments in jointly controlled corporations and associates held by entities that meet the definition of a venture capital organization, which have been
    elected to be measured at FVPL.


There were no significant transfers between Level 1 and Level 2 in these periods.




                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                           A  115
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




                                       NOTE 19 FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT (continued)




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       Additional information about assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis for which the Corporation and
                                       its subsidiaries have utilized Level 3 inputs to determine fair value is presented below.
                                                                                                               Shares and investments
                                                                                               Mortgage            in jointly controlled
                                                                                               and other              corporations and                                              Limited-life
                                                                                    Bonds          loans                      associates                                                   and          Other
                                       Six months ended                                                                                        Investment        Derivatives,      redeemable           assets
                                       June 30, 2026                                  FVPL           FVPL          FVPL [2]        FVOCI        properties                net        fund units    (liabilities)     Total

                                       Balance, beginning of year                     191          6,350           9,819              10            8,493                  (4)          (4,128)          209       20,940
                                         Total gains (losses)
                                            Net earnings                               20             (13)            700                -               (5)                1             (345)              6       364
                                            Other comprehensive
                                              income [1]                               (3)            78            190                 -             119                    -            (137)           13          260
                                         Business acquisition                            -              -            43                 -                -                   -                -          304          347
                                         Purchases                                    105            114          1,047                 -             381                    -                -              -      1,647
                                         Issues                                          -           384               -                -                -                   -            (303)              -         81
                                         Sales                                         (4)              -          (361)               8              (12)                   -                -              -       (369)
                                         Settlements                                     -          (250)              -              (8)                -                   -             187             (4)        (75)
                                         Transfers into Level 3                       308               -              -                -                -                   -                -              -        308
                                         Other                                         (1)              -             8                 -                -                   -              43           (23)          27
                                       Balance, end of period                         616          6,663         11,446               10            8,976                  (3)          (4,683)          505       23,530
                                       [1] Amount of other comprehensive income for FVPL investments, investment properties, limited-life and redeemable fund units and other assets and liabilities represents
                                           the unrealized gains (losses) on foreign exchange.
                                       [2] Includes investments in mutual and segregated funds where there are redemption restrictions. The fair value is based on observable, quoted prices.



                                                                                                              Shares and investments
                                                                                               Mortgage           in jointly controlled
                                                                                               and other             corporations and                                               Limited-life
                                                                                     Bonds         loans                     associates                                                    and          Other
                                       Year ended                                                                                              Investment        Derivatives,      redeemable           assets
                                       December 31, 2025                              FVPL           FVPL          FVPL [2]       FVOCI         properties                net        fund units    (liabilities)     Total

                                       Balance, beginning of year                     178          5,142           8,165                -           8,350                  (3)          (2,906)          155       19,081
                                         Total gains (losses)
                                            Net earnings                                (8)          291           1,104                -            (137)                  3             (681)               -      572
                                            Other comprehensive
                                              income [1]                                 8            62            (189)              6              (48)                   -             100           (10)         (71)
                                         Business acquisition                             -             -               -               -                -                   -                -          136          136
                                         Purchases                                    (69)           452           1,754               2              741                  (2)                -            7        2,885
                                         Issues                                           -          739                -               -                -                   -            (889)             -        (150)
                                         Sales                                          (5)             -         (1,006)             26             (439)                   -                -             -      (1,424)
                                         Settlements                                   64           (415)               -            (26)                -                 (2)             245           (79)        (213)
                                         Transferred from owner-
                                           occupied properties                           -             -                -              -               26                    -                -            -           26
                                         Transfers into Level 3                        78              -               6               -                -                    -                -            -           84
                                         Other                                        (55)            79             (15)              2                -                    -               3             -           14
                                       Balance, end of year                           191          6,350           9,819              10            8,493                  (4)          (4,128)          209       20,940
                                       [1] Amount of other comprehensive income for FVPL investments, investment properties, limited-life and redeemable fund units and other assets and liabilities represents
                                           the unrealized gains (losses) on foreign exchange.
                                       [2] Includes investments in mutual and segregated funds where there are redemption restrictions. The fair value is based on observable, quoted prices.


                                       Transfers into Level 3 are due primarily to decreased observability of inputs in valuation methodologies or the placement of
                                       redemption restrictions on investments in mutual and segregated funds. Transfers out of Level 3 are due primarily to
                                       increased observability of inputs in valuation methodologies as evidenced by corroboration of market prices with multiple
                                       pricing vendors or the lifting of redemption restrictions on investments in mutual and segregated funds.




                                            A  116                                             P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




NOTE 19 FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT (continued)




                                                                                                                                                                      PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
Significant unobservable inputs used at period-end in measuring assets categorized as Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy are
presented below.
                                                                                                                                Interrelationship between key
                                                                          Significant                                           unobservable inputs and fair value
Type of asset             Valuation approach                              unobservable input            Input value             measurement

Investment properties     Investment properties are                       Discount rate                 Range of 4.5% – 15.2%   A decrease in the discount rate
                          primarily valued using a                                                                              would result in an increase in
                          discounted cash flow model.                                                                           fair value.
                          The determination of the fair
                          value of investment properties                                                                        An increase in the discount rate
                          requires the use of estimates                                                                         would result in a decrease in
                          such as future cash flows (such                                                                       fair value.
                          as future leasing assumptions,
                          rental rates, capital and                       Terminal                      Range of 4.3% – 11.0%   A decrease in the terminal
                          operating expenditures),                        capitalization rate                                   capitalization rate would result
                          discount rates and terminal                                                                           in an increase in fair value.
                          capitalization rates applicable to                                                                    An increase in the terminal
                          the asset based on current                                                                            capitalization rate would result
                          market rates.                                                                                         in a decrease in fair value.

                                                                          Vacancy rate                  Weighted average        A decrease in the expected
                                                                                                        of 8.1%                 vacancy rate would generally
                                                                                                                                result in an increase in fair
                                                                                                                                value.
                                                                                                                                An increase in the expected
                                                                                                                                vacancy rate would generally
                                                                                                                                result in a decrease in fair value.

Mortgage and              The valuation approach for         Discount rate                              Range of 5.0% – 6.7%    A decrease in the discount rate
other loans –             equity-release mortgages is to                                                                        would result in an increase in
Equity-release            use an internal valuation model to                                                                    fair value.
mortgages                 determine the projected asset
(FVPL)                    cash flows, including the cost of                                                                     An increase in the discount rate
                          the no-negative-equity guarantee                                                                      would result in a decrease in
                          for each individual loan, to                                                                          fair value.
                          aggregate these across all loans
                          and to discount those cash flows
                          back to the valuation date. The
                          projection is done monthly until
                          expected redemption of the loan
                          either voluntarily or on the
                          death/entering into long-term
                          care of the loanholders.

Shares and                The determination of the fair                   Discount rate and             Various                 A decrease in the discount rate
investments in jointly    value of shares requires the use                earnings multiples                                    and an increase in the earnings
controlled corporations   of estimates such as future cash                                                                      multiples would result in an
and associates (FVPL)     flows, discount rates, projected                                                                      increase in fair value.
                          earnings multiples, or recent
                          transactions.                                                                                         An increase in the discount rate
                                                                                                                                and a decrease in the earnings
                                                                                                                                multiples would result in a
                                                                                                                                decrease in fair value.

Limited-life and          The determination of the fair       Discount rate and                         Various                 A decrease in the discount rate
redeemable fund units     value of the limited-life and       earnings multiples                                                and an increase in the earnings
                          redeemable fund units is based                                                                        multiples would result in an
                          on the fair value of the underlying                                                                   increase in fair value.
                          fund’s investments.
                                                                                                                                An increase in the discount rate
                                                                                                                                and a decrease in the earnings
                                                                                                                                multiples would result in a
                                                                                                                                decrease in fair value.




                             P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                              A  117
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




                                       NOTE 20 SEGMENTED INFORMATION




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       The Corporation is an international management and holding company. Its core holdings are leading insurance, retirement,
                                       wealth management and investment businesses, including a portfolio of alternative asset investment platforms.
                                       As a holding company, the Corporation evaluates the performance of each operating segment based on its contribution to
                                       the earnings attributable to participating shareholders. The contribution to the earnings attributable to participating
                                       shareholders from Great West, IGM Financial, GBL, Sagard, Power Sustainable and other, represents the Corporation’s share
                                       of their net earnings.
                                       The Corporation’s reportable segments include Great West and IGM Financial due to their quantitative contribution, and the
                                       Corporation also considers GBL as a reportable segment. Together, they represent the Corporation’s investments in publicly
                                       traded operating companies. As well, the Corporation considers the Holding company to be a reportable segment.
                                         Great West is a financial services holding company with interests in life insurance, health insurance, retirement savings,
                                           wealth and asset management, and reinsurance businesses, primarily in the U.S., Canada and Europe.
                                         IGM Financial is a leading wealth and asset management company supporting advisors and the clients they serve in
                                           Canada, and institutional investors globally.
                                         GBL is indirectly held through Parjointco. GBL is a Belgian investment holding company and leading investor in Europe.
                                           Its portfolio is comprised of a portfolio of listed and direct private assets composed of global companies, which are
                                           leaders in their sectors.
                                         Holding company comprises the corporate activities of the Corporation and Power Financial, on a combined basis, and
                                           presents the investment activities of the Corporation including its investments in consolidated entities. The Holding
                                           company activities present the Holding company’s assets and liabilities, including cash, investments, debentures and
                                           non-participating shares. The Holding company cash flows are primarily comprised of dividends received, income from
                                           investments and income (loss) from cash and cash equivalents, less operating expenses, financing charges, income taxes
                                           and non-participating and participating share dividends.
                                       The Corporation’s asset management activities through the investment platforms, Sagard and Power Sustainable, together
                                       with their investing activities, are presented on a combined basis in another category, Alternative asset investment platforms
                                       and other, as they do not qualify as reportable segments.
                                       Alternative asset investment platforms and other are comprised of the results of:
                                            Alternative asset management businesses, Sagard and Power Sustainable;
                                            Investments managed by Sagard and Power Sustainable on behalf of the Corporation;
                                            Entities held through the alternative asset managers which are consolidated; and
                                            Other subsidiaries.
                                       Effect of consolidation represents the reconciliation between the measurement basis used for the presentation of the Holding
                                       company with the consolidated financial statements, as well as the intersegment elimination for investments under common
                                       control and other consolidation entries.
                                       The segmented assets present the activities of the holding company, including its investments in consolidated entities,
                                       Great West and IGM, as well as other controlled entities, using the equity method of accounting as a measurement basis.
                                       These entities are consolidated in the Corporation’s consolidated balance sheets. Common equity interests in Great West,
                                       IGM, and alternative asset investment platforms and other (intersegment investments) are included in their respective
                                       segment’s assets.




                                           A  118                                P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




NOTE 20 SEGMENTED INFORMATION (continued)




                                                                                                                                                                                          PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
CONSOLIDATED NET EARNINGS
                                                                                                                                              Alternative
                                                                                                                                                    asset
                                                                                                                                              investment
                                                                                                                             Holding       platforms and         Effect of
Three months ended June 30, 2026                                           Great West              IGM           GBL        company                 other   consolidation         Total

Segment revenue
Insurance revenue [1]                                                          5,822                -               -                -               -                 -         5,822
Net investment income [2]                                                      2,684               17               -               17             268               13          2,999
Changes in fair value through profit or loss [2]                               2,484                1               -               12             176              (89)         2,584
Fee income [3][4]                                                              2,116            1,052               -                -             292              (64)         3,396
Other [3]                                                                          -                -               -                -             316                 -           316
Total segment revenue                                                         13,106            1,070               -               29           1,052             (140)        15,117

Other insurance and investment results
Insurance service expenses [1]                                                 (4,510)                 -            -                 -                -                -       (4,510)
Net expenses from reinsurance contracts [1]                                      (401)                 -            -                 -                -                -         (401)
Net investment result from insurance activities [2][5]                         (4,775)                 -            -                 -                -                -       (4,775)
Net investment result from insurance contracts on
  account of segregated fund policyholders                                           -                 -            -                 -                -                -             -
Total other insurance and investment results                                   (9,686)                 -            -                 -                -                -       (9,686)

Other expenses
Operating and administrative expenses [4]                                       2,086             790               -               72           1,262               (51)        4,159
Financing charges                                                                  87              34               -               14              74                 (2)         207
Total other expenses                                                            2,173             824               -               86           1,336               (53)        4,366
Earnings before investments in jointly controlled
  corporations and associates, and income taxes                                 1,247             246               -               (57)           (284)             (87)        1,065
Share of earnings (losses) of investments in jointly
  controlled corporations and associates                                           16              86             (5)                  -           267              (40)           324
Earnings before income taxes                                                    1,263             332             (5)               (57)           (17)            (127)         1,389
Income taxes                                                                      162              69               -                  -            24                 -           255
Net earnings                                                                    1,101             263             (5)               (57)           (41)            (127)         1,134

Attributable to
   Non-controlling interests                                                      436             106               -                36             (26)           (127)           425
   Non-participating shareholders                                                   -               -               -                19                -               -            19
   Participating shareholders [6][7]                                              665             157             (5)              (112)            (15)               -           690
                                                                                1,101             263             (5)               (57)            (41)           (127)         1,134
[1] Included within insurance service result in the statements of earnings.
[2] Included within net investment result in the statements of earnings.
[3] Included within fee income and other revenues in the statements of earnings.
[4] Dealer compensation expenses at IGM are included in operating and administrative expenses.
[5] Includes net finance income (expenses) from insurance contracts, net finance income (expenses) from reinsurance contracts and changes in investment contract liabilities.
[6] The contribution from Great West, IGM, GBL and alternative asset investment platforms and other to net earnings attributable to participating shareholders of the
    Corporation includes the effect of consolidation.
[7] The contribution from Great West and IGM includes an allocation for the results of investments under common ownership based on their respective interests.




                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                                             A  119
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




                                       NOTE 20 SEGMENTED INFORMATION (continued)




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       CONSOLIDATED NET EARNINGS
                                                                                                                                                                                  Alternative
                                                                                                                                                                                        asset
                                                                                                                                                                                  investment
                                                                                                                                                                  Holding      platforms and          Effect of
                                       Three months ended June 30, 2025                                         Great West             IGM            GBL        company                other    consolidation      Total

                                       Segment revenue
                                       Insurance revenue [1]                                                        5,551               -                -                 -               -                 -     5,551
                                       Net investment income [2]                                                    2,299               7                -             (14)              154               13      2,459
                                       Changes in fair value through profit or loss [2]                               954               4                -               (4)             146              (15)     1,085
                                       Fee income [3][4]                                                            1,948             904                -                 -             182              (52)     2,982
                                       Other [3]                                                                        -               -                -                 -             273                 -       273
                                       Total segment revenue                                                       10,752             915                -             (18)              755              (54)    12,350

                                       Other insurance and investment results
                                       Insurance service expenses [1]                                                (4,315)               -             -                 -                 -               -    (4,315)
                                       Net expenses from reinsurance contracts [1]                                     (379)               -             -                 -                 -               -      (379)
                                       Net investment result from insurance activities [2][5]                        (2,850)               -             -                 -                 -               -    (2,850)
                                       Net investment result from insurance contracts on
                                         account of segregated fund policyholders                                          -               -             -                 -                 -               -          -
                                       Total other insurance and investment results                                  (7,544)               -             -                 -                 -               -    (7,544)

                                       Other expenses
                                       Operating and administrative expenses [4]                                     2,177            623                -              52               690              (46)     3,496
                                       Financing charges                                                               101             32                -              14                65                3        215
                                       Total other expenses                                                          2,278            655                -              66               755              (43)     3,711
                                       Earnings before investments in jointly controlled
                                         corporations and associates, and income taxes                                 930            260                -             (84)                  -            (11)     1,095
                                       Share of earnings (losses) of investments in jointly
                                         controlled corporations and associates                                         20             60            (15)                 -              160              (17)       208
                                       Earnings before income taxes                                                    950            320            (15)              (84)              160              (28)     1,303
                                       Income taxes                                                                     30             71               -                1                 9                2        113
                                       Net earnings                                                                    920            249            (15)              (85)              151              (30)     1,190

                                       Attributable to
                                          Non-controlling interests                                                    293             97               -              34                 11              (30)       405
                                          Non-participating shareholders                                                 -              -               -              13                  -                 -        13
                                          Participating shareholders [6][7]                                            627            152            (15)            (132)               140                 -       772
                                                                                                                       920            249            (15)             (85)               151              (30)     1,190
                                       [1] Included within insurance service result in the statements of earnings.
                                       [2] Included within net investment result in the statements of earnings.
                                       [3] Included within fee income and other revenues in the statements of earnings.
                                       [4] Dealer compensation expenses at IGM are included in operating and administrative expenses.
                                       [5] Includes net finance income (expenses) from insurance contracts, net finance income (expenses) from reinsurance contracts and changes in investment contract liabilities.
                                       [6] The contribution from Great West, IGM, GBL and alternative asset investment platforms and other to net earnings attributable to participating shareholders of the
                                           Corporation includes the effect of consolidation.
                                       [7] The contribution from Great West and IGM includes an allocation for the results of investments under common ownership based on their respective interests.




                                             A  120                                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




NOTE 20 SEGMENTED INFORMATION (continued)




                                                                                                                                                                                    PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
CONSOLIDATED NET EARNINGS
                                                                                                                                        Alternative
                                                                                                                                              asset
                                                                                                                                        investment
                                                                                                                             Holding platforms and         Effect of
Six months ended June 30, 2026                                             Great West             IGM           GBL         company           other   consolidation         Total

Segment revenue
Insurance revenue [1]                                                         11,521                -               -                -          -                -        11,521
Net investment income [2]                                                      5,183               28               -               33        466              27          5,737
Changes in fair value through profit or loss [2]                                 415                -               -               19        228            (109)           553
Fee income [3][4]                                                              4,156            2,057               -                -        518            (125)         6,606
Other [3]                                                                          -                -               -                -        560                -           560
Total segment revenue                                                         21,275            2,085               -               52      1,772            (207)        24,977

Other insurance and investment results
Insurance service expenses [1]                                                (8,809)                 -             -                 -          -                -       (8,809)
Net expenses from reinsurance contracts [1]                                     (839)                 -             -                 -          -                -         (839)
Net investment result from insurance activities [2][5]                        (4,583)                 -             -                 -          -                -       (4,583)
Net investment result from insurance contracts on
  account of segregated fund policyholders                                          -                 -             -                 -          -                -             -
Total other insurance and investment results                                 (14,231)                 -             -                 -          -                -      (14,231)

Other expenses
Operating and administrative expenses [4]                                      4,025            1,475               -              135      2,081            (108)         7,608
Financing charges                                                                174               66               -               28        144               (1)          411
Total other expenses                                                           4,199            1,541               -              163      2,225            (109)         8,019
Earnings before investments in jointly controlled
  corporations and associates, and income taxes                                2,845              544               -              (111)     (453)             (98)        2,727
Share of earnings (losses) of investments in jointly
  controlled corporations and associates                                          23              155            15                    -      308             (77)           424
Earnings before income taxes                                                   2,868              699            15                (111)     (145)           (175)         3,151
Income taxes                                                                     433              151             -                    -       14               5            603
Net earnings                                                                   2,435              548            15                (111)     (159)           (180)         2,548

Attributable to
   Non-controlling interests                                                     968              219             -                  72       (80)           (180)           999
   Non-participating shareholders                                                  -                -             -                  39          -               -            39
   Participating shareholders [6][7]                                           1,467              329            15                (222)      (79)               -         1,510
                                                                               2,435              548            15                (111)     (159)           (180)         2,548
[1] Included within insurance service result in the statements of earnings.
[2] Included within net investment result in the statements of earnings.
[3] Included within fee income and other revenues in the statements of earnings.
[4] Dealer compensation expenses at IGM are included in operating and administrative expenses.
[5] Includes net finance income (expenses) from insurance contracts, net finance income (expenses) from reinsurance contracts and changes in investment contract liabilities.
[6] The contribution from Great West, IGM, GBL and alternative asset investment platforms and other to net earnings attributable to participating shareholders of the
    Corporation includes the effect of consolidation.
[7] The contribution from Great West and IGM includes an allocation for the results of investments under common ownership based on their respective interests.




                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                                       A  121
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




                                       NOTE 20 SEGMENTED INFORMATION (continued)




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       CONSOLIDATED NET EARNINGS
                                                                                                                                                                             Alternative
                                                                                                                                                                                   asset
                                                                                                                                                                             investment
                                                                                                                                                                  Holding platforms and               Effect of
                                       Six months ended June 30, 2025                                           Great West             IGM            GBL        company           other         consolidation       Total

                                       Segment revenue
                                       Insurance revenue [1]                                                       11,037                -               -                -               -                 -     11,037
                                       Net investment income [2]                                                    4,626               15               -              (1)             264               24       4,928
                                       Changes in fair value through profit or loss [2]                             2,213                4               -               5              308              (39)      2,491
                                       Fee income [3][4]                                                            3,859            1,801               -                -             373             (104)      5,929
                                       Other [3]                                                                        -                -               -                -             495                 -        495
                                       Total segment revenue                                                       21,735            1,820               -               4            1,440             (119)     24,880

                                       Other insurance and investment results
                                       Insurance service expenses [1]                                              (8,591)                 -             -                -                  -               -     (8,591)
                                       Net expenses from reinsurance contracts [1]                                   (809)                 -             -                -                  -               -       (809)
                                       Net investment result from insurance activities [2][5]                      (6,023)                 -             -                -                  -               -     (6,023)
                                       Net investment result from insurance contracts on
                                         account of segregated fund policyholders                                        -                 -             -                -                  -               -           -
                                       Total other insurance and investment results                               (15,423)                 -             -                -                  -               -    (15,423)

                                       Other expenses
                                       Operating and administrative expenses [4]                                     4,108           1,247               -            105             1,365               (99)     6,726
                                       Financing charges                                                               204              64               -             27               132                 6        433
                                       Total other expenses                                                          4,312           1,311               -            132             1,497               (93)     7,159
                                       Earnings before investments in jointly controlled
                                         corporations and associates, and income taxes                               2,000             509               -           (128)               (57)             (26)     2,298
                                       Share of earnings (losses) of investments in jointly
                                         controlled corporations and associates                                         28             116            10                 -               214              (45)       323
                                       Earnings before income taxes                                                  2,028             625            10             (128)               157              (71)     2,621
                                       Income taxes                                                                    187             141             -                1                (24)               4        309
                                       Net earnings                                                                  1,841             484            10             (129)               181              (75)     2,312

                                       Attributable to
                                          Non-controlling interests                                                    634             185             -               69                 12              (75)       825
                                          Non-participating shareholders                                                 -               -             -               26                  -                 -        26
                                          Participating shareholders [6][7]                                          1,207             299            10             (224)               169                 -     1,461
                                                                                                                     1,841             484            10             (129)               181              (75)     2,312
                                       [1] Included within insurance service result in the statements of earnings.
                                       [2] Included within net investment result in the statements of earnings.
                                       [3] Included within fee income and other revenues in the statements of earnings.
                                       [4] Dealer compensation expenses at IGM are included in operating and administrative expenses.
                                       [5] Includes net finance income (expenses) from insurance contracts, net finance income (expenses) from reinsurance contracts and changes in investment contract liabilities.
                                       [6] The contribution from Great West, IGM, GBL and alternative asset investment platforms and other to net earnings attributable to participating shareholders of the
                                           Corporation includes the effect of consolidation.
                                       [7] The contribution from Great West and IGM includes an allocation for the results of investments under common ownership based on their respective interests.




                                             A  122                                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




NOTE 20 SEGMENTED INFORMATION (continued)




                                                                                                                                                                                             PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
TOTAL ASSETS AND LIABILITIES
                                                                                                                                     Alternative
                                                                                                                                           asset
                                                                                                                                     investment
                                                                                                                          Holding platforms and              Effect of
June 30, 2026                                                        Great West               IGM             GBL        company           other        consolidation                Total

Cash and cash equivalents                                               9,923              1,515                 -          2,196           2,054              (508)           15,180
Investments                                                           245,645              5,344                 -            184           6,716               506           258,395
Investments in Great West, IGM and alternative
  asset investment platforms and other                                    1,676            3,419                 -        24,228                -           (29,323)                    -
Investments in jointly controlled corporations
  and associates                                                           586             3,202           3,120                -           2,180              (562)            8,526
Other assets                                                            45,480             4,371               -              551          38,742              (173)           88,971
Goodwill and intangible assets                                          16,648             3,949               -                1           1,442                 (1)          22,039
Investments on account of
  segregated fund policyholders                                       626,219                 -                -               -                -                  -           626,219
Total assets [1]                                                      946,177            21,800            3,120          27,160           51,134           (30,061)         1,019,330

Insurance and investment contract liabilities                         257,043                  -                 -                 -            -                   -         257,043
Obligations to securitization entities                                      -              4,707                 -                 -            -                   -           4,707
Power Corporation’s debentures and
  other debt instruments                                                        -                 -              -            647               -                   -                647
Non-recourse debentures and
  other debt instruments of:
   Power Financial, Great West and IGM                                   8,965             2,800                 -            250               -               (88)           11,927
   Consolidated investment funds and Other                                   -                 -                 -              -           4,695                  -            4,695
Other liabilities                                                       19,182             4,893                 -          1,443          43,382            (1,296)           67,604
Insurance and investment contracts on account
  of segregated fund policyholders                                    626,219                 -                  -              -               -                  -          626,219
Total liabilities                                                     911,409            12,400                  -          2,340          48,077            (1,384)          972,842
[1] Total assets of the Great West and IGM operating segments include the allocation of goodwill and certain consolidation adjustments.


                                                                                                                                       Alternative
                                                                                                                                             asset
                                                                                                                                       investment
                                                                                                                            Holding platforms and             Effect of
December 31, 2025                                                     Great West               IGM             GBL         company           other       consolidation               Total

Cash and cash equivalents                                                8,902              1,274                    -       2,232           2,518               (560)         14,366
Investments                                                            239,080              5,387                    -         176           4,552                554         249,749
Investments in Great West, IGM and alternative
  asset investment platforms and other                                     1,499            3,067                    -     23,183                   -        (27,749)                   -
Investments in jointly controlled corporations
  and associates                                                            570             3,084           3,291                   -       1,734                (544)          8,135
Other assets                                                             45,413             5,662               -                 626      29,100                (177)         80,624
Goodwill and intangible assets                                           16,359             3,947               -                   1       1,385                    -         21,692
Investments on account of
  segregated fund policyholders                                        551,169                        -              -                 -            -                   -     551,169
                [1]
Total assets                                                           862,992            22,421            3,291          26,218          39,289            (28,476)         925,735

Insurance and investment contract liabilities                          250,686                  -                    -                 -            -                   -     250,686
Obligations to securitization entities                                       -              4,815                    -                 -            -                   -       4,815
Power Corporation’s debentures and
  other debt instruments                                                            -                 -              -            647               -                   -            647
Non-recourse debentures and
  other debt instruments of:
   Power Financial, Great West and IGM                                    8,792             2,400                    -         250              -                 (88)         11,354
   Consolidated investment funds and Other                                    -                 -                    -           -          4,146                    -          4,146
Other liabilities                                                        19,178             6,149                    -       1,350         32,327              (1,134)         57,870
Insurance and investment contracts on account
  of segregated fund policyholders                                     551,169                 -                     -           -              -                    -        551,169
Total liabilities                                                      829,825            13,364                     -       2,247         36,473              (1,222)        880,687
[1] Total assets of the Great West and IGM operating segments include the allocation of goodwill and certain consolidation adjustments.




                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                                             A  123
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




                                       NOTE 20 SEGMENTED INFORMATION (continued)




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
                                                                                                                                                                  Alternative
                                                                                                                                                                        asset
                                                                                                                                                                  investment
                                                                                                                                                 Holding       platforms and             Effect of
                                       Six months ended June 30, 2026                                   Great West                IGM           company                 other       consolidation      Total

                                       Operating activities                                                  2,828                548               993                 (903)              (988)      2,478
                                       Financing activities                                                 (1,987)              (322)           (1,516)               1,240              1,487      (1,098)
                                       Investing activities                                                    (51)                15               487                 (809)              (447)       (805)
                                       Effect of changes in exchange rates on
                                         cash and cash equivalents                                             231                 -                   -                   8                   -        239
                                       Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                      1,021               241                (36)                (464)                52         814
                                       Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year                          8,902             1,274              2,232                2,518               (560)     14,366
                                       Cash and cash equivalents, end of period                              9,923             1,515              2,196                2,054               (508)     15,180



                                                                                                                                                                  Alternative
                                                                                                                                                                        asset
                                                                                                                                                                  investment
                                                                                                                                                 Holding       platforms and             Effect of
                                       Six months ended June 30, 2025                                    Great West               IGM           company                 other       consolidation      Total

                                       Operating activities                                                   1,318               356               983                 (147)              (872)      1,638
                                       Financing activities                                                  (1,600)             (453)           (1,021)                  91                925      (2,058)
                                       Investing activities                                                     (14)               18                96                  (64)                38          74
                                       Effect of changes in exchange rates on
                                         cash and cash equivalents                                            (181)                 -                 -                    9                  -        (172)
                                       Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                       (477)               (79)               58                 (111)                91        (518)
                                       Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year                         10,709                910             1,606                  858               (339)     13,744
                                       Cash and cash equivalents, end of period                             10,232                831             1,664                  747               (248)     13,226




                                            A  124                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
                       Great-West Lifeco Inc.
                                                  PART B




Management’s Discussion and Analysis
PAGE B 2



Financial Statements and Notes
PAGE B 40




                                                                                                       PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
Please note that the bottom of each page in Part B contains two different page
numbers. A page number with the preﬁx “B” refers to the number of such page
in this document and the page number without any preﬁx refers to the number
of such page in the original document issued by Great-West Lifeco Inc.



The attached documents concerning Great-West Lifeco Inc. are documents
prepared and publicly disclosed by such subsidiary, and are available under
such subsidiary’s profile on SEDAR+, at www.sedarplus.ca. Certain statements
in the attached documents, other than statements of historical fact, are forward-
looking statements based on certain assumptions and reﬂect the current
expectations of the subsidiary as set forth therein. Forward-looking statements
are provided for the purposes of assisting the reader in understanding the
subsidiary’s ﬁnancial performance, ﬁnancial position and cash ﬂows as at and
for the periods ended on certain dates and to present information about the
subsidiary’s management’s current expectations and plans relating to the
future and the reader is cautioned that such statements may not be appropriate
for other purposes.

By its nature, forward-looking information is subject to inherent risks and
uncertainties that may be general or speciﬁc and which give rise to the possibility
that expectations, forecasts, predictions, projections or conclusions will not
prove to be accurate, that assumptions may not be correct and that objectives,
strategic goals and priorities will not be achieved.

For further information provided by the subsidiary as to the material factors that
could cause actual results to differ materially from the content of forward-looking
statements, the material factors and assumptions that were applied in making
the forward-looking statements, and the subsidiary’s policy for updating the
content of forward-looking statements, please see the attached documents,
including the section entitled Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking
Information. The reader is cautioned to consider these factors and assumptions
carefully and not to put undue reliance on forward-looking statements.




P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6   B  1
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis



                                  TABLE OF CONTENTS
                                  1. Overview . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .       4
                                  2. Consolidated Operating Results . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                             4
                                       2.1              Second Quarter Development Highlights . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                                 5
                                       2.2              Financial Performance Highlights . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                        5
                                       2.3              Base and Net Earnings . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                   6
                                       2.4              Foreign Currency . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .            7
                                       2.5              Taxes . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   8
                                       2.6              Items Excluded from Base Earnings . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                             8
                                  3. Segmented Operating Results . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                            10
                                      3.1     United States . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                   11
                                      3.2     Canada . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                12
                                      3.3     Europe . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .              15
                                      3.4     Capital and Risk Solutions . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                            17
                                      3.5     Corporate . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                 17
                                  4. Consolidated Financial Position . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                          19
                                      4.1     Assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .              19
                                      4.2     Liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .             22
                                       4.3              Great West Capital Structure . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                      23
                                  5. Capital Management and Liquidity . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                               24
                                      5.1      Capital Management and Adequacy . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                                        24
                                      5.2      Liquidity . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .            26




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                      5.3      Cash Flows . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                 26
                                       5.4              Commitments/Contractual Obligations . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                               27
                                       5.5              Return on Equity (ROE) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                  27
                                      5.6      Ratings . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .              28
                                  6. Risk Management . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                28
                                      6.1      Risk Management Overview . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                                 28
                                      6.2      Exposures and Sensitivities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                            28
                                  7. Accounting Policies . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                30
                                      7.1      IFRS Accounting Standards . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                                30
                                  8. Other Information . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .              30
                                       8.1              Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                                    30
                                       8.2              Glossary . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      34
                                       8.3              Disclosure Controls and Procedures . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                            37
                                       8.4              Internal Control Over Financial Reporting . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                             37
                                       8.5              Transactions with Related Parties . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                         37
                                       8.6              Quarterly Financial Information . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                     38
                                       8.7              Additional Information . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .              38




                                                                                                                                          Great-West Lifeco Inc. Second Quarter 2026 Management's Discussion and Analysis                                                      1

                                  B  2                                                                      P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
Management's Discussion and Analysis



                                   MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                      FOR THE PERIOD ENDED JUNE 30, 2026
                                             DATED: JULY 28, 2026

This Management’s Discussion and Analysis (MD&A) presents management’s view of the financial condition, financial
performance and cash flows of Great-West Lifeco Inc. (Great West). This MD&A should be read in conjunction with our
MD&A and audited consolidated financial statements contained in our 2025 Annual Report and the condensed
consolidated interim unaudited financial statements of the Company as at and for the three and six months ended
June 30, 2026 (financial statements), which can be found under the Company's profile on SEDAR+ at www.sedarplus.ca
or in the Investor Relations section of our website at www.greatwestlifeco.com.
The financial statements of Great West, which are the basis for data presented in this report, have been prepared in
accordance with International Accounting Standards (IAS) 34 Interim Financial Reporting and are presented in millions of
Canadian dollars unless otherwise indicated.
Great West, the Company, we, us, our are terms used throughout this document to refer to Great-West Lifeco Inc. and its
subsidiaries. This MD&A is dated as of, and reflects all material events up to, July 28, 2026.

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Information

From time to time, Great West makes written and/or oral forward-looking statements within the meaning of applicable securities laws, including
in this MD&A. Forward-looking information includes statements that are predictive in nature, depend upon or refer to future events or conditions,
or include words such as "achieve", "ambition", "anticipate", "believe", "could", "estimate", "expect", "initiatives", "intend", "may", "objective",




                                                                                                                                                                 PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
"opportunity", "plan", "potential", "project", "target", "will" and other similar expressions or negative versions of those words. Forward-looking
information in this MD&A includes, without limitation, statements about the Company and its operations, business (including business mix),
financial condition, expected financial performance (including revenues, earnings or growth rates and medium-term financial objectives),
strategies and prospects, expected costs and benefits of acquisitions and divestitures (including timing of integration activities and timing and
extent of revenue and expense synergies), the timing and extent of expected transformation charges/impacts, expected expenditures or
investments (including but not limited to investment in technology infrastructure and digital capabilities and solutions and investments in
strategic partnerships), value creation and realization and growth opportunities, product and service innovation, expected dividend levels,
expected cost reductions and savings, expected capital management activities and use of capital, the timing and extent of possible share
repurchases, market position, estimates of risk sensitivities affecting capital adequacy ratios, estimates of financial risk sensitivities (including
as a result of current market conditions), expected net plan inflows, expected credit experience, anticipated global economic conditions,
potential impacts of catastrophe events, potential impacts of geopolitical events and conflicts and the impact of regulatory developments
(including changes to laws and government policies) on the Company’s business strategy, growth objectives and capital.
Forward-looking statements are based on expectations, forecasts, estimates, predictions, projections and conclusions about future events that
were current at the time of the statements and are inherently subject to, among other things, risks, uncertainties and assumptions about the
Company, economic factors and the financial services industry generally, including the insurance, wealth and retirement solutions industries.
They are not guarantees of future performance, and actual events and results could differ materially from those expressed or implied by
forward-looking statements. Many of these assumptions are based on factors and events that are not within the control of the Company and
there is no assurance that they will prove to be correct. With respect to the announced acquisition of Milliman’s retirement plan and benefits
administration business, management’s expectations are subject to: (a) the timing and completion of the proposed acquisition; (b) the expected
costs and benefits of the proposed acquisition, including the timing and cost of integration activities, the timing and extent of expected cost
efficiencies and synergies, increased scale, capabilities and marketing of Empower, revenue diversification, value creation/realization and
growth opportunities, product and service innovation, and improved client outcomes; (c) the impacts of the proposed acquisition on the
Company’s and Empower’s financial condition and flexibility, including the expected internal rate of return of the proposed acquisition and
expected base earnings accretion resulting from the proposed acquisition; and (d) the business and financial condition of the Company,
Empower and the acquisition business and the U.S. retirement and benefits industry generally. With respect to possible share repurchases, the
amount and timing of actual repurchases will depend on the earnings, cash requirements and financial condition of the Company, market
conditions, our ability to effect the repurchases on a prudent basis, capital requirements, applicable law and regulations (including applicable
securities laws), and other factors deemed relevant by the Company, and may be subject to regulatory approval and/or conditions. In all cases,
whether or not actual results differ from forward-looking information may depend on numerous factors, developments and assumptions,
including, without limitation, the ability to integrate and leverage acquisitions and achieve anticipated benefits and synergies, the achievement
of expense synergies and client retention targets from the acquisition of the Prudential retirement business, the Company’s ability to execute
strategic plans and adapt or recalibrate these plans as needed, the Company’s reputation, business competition, assumptions around sales,
pricing, fee rates, customer behaviour (including contributions, redemptions, withdrawals and lapse rates), mortality and morbidity experience,
expense levels, reinsurance arrangements, global equity and capital markets (including continued access to equity and debt markets and credit
instruments on economically feasible terms), geopolitical tensions and related economic impacts, interest and foreign exchange rates, inflation
levels, liquidity requirements, investment values and asset breakdowns, hedging activities, financial condition of industry sectors and individual
issuers that comprise part of the Company’s investment portfolio, credit ratings, taxes, impairments of goodwill and other intangible assets,
technological changes, including the use of emerging technologies, such as artificial intelligence (AI), in our business, breaches or failure of
information systems and security (including cyber-attacks), assumptions around third-party suppliers, changes in local and international laws
and regulations, changes in accounting policies and the effect of applying future accounting policy changes, changes in actuarial standards,
unexpected judicial or regulatory proceedings, catastrophic events, continuity and availability of personnel and third-party service providers,
unplanned changes to the Company’s facilities, customer and employee relations, levels of administrative and operational efficiencies, and
other general economic, political and market factors in North America and internationally.


                                                                        Great-West Lifeco Inc. Second Quarter 2026 Management's Discussion and Analysis      2

                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                              B  3
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis



                                  The above list is not exhaustive, and there may be other factors listed in other filings with securities regulators, including those set out in the
                                  "Risk Management" and "Summary of Critical Accounting Estimates" sections of the Company's 2025 Annual MD&A and in the Company's
                                  annual information form dated February 11, 2026 under "Risk Factors". These, along with other filings, are available for review at
                                  www.sedarplus.ca. The reader is cautioned to consider these and other factors, uncertainties and potential events carefully and not to place
                                  undue reliance on forward-looking information.
                                  Other than as specifically required by applicable law, the Company does not intend to update any forward-looking information whether as a
                                  result of new information, future events or otherwise.


                                  Cautionary Note Regarding Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios
                                  This MD&A contains some non-Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP) financial measures and non-GAAP ratios as defined in
                                  National Instrument 52-112 “Non-GAAP and Other Financial Measures Disclosure”. Terms by which non-GAAP financial measures are
                                  identified include, but are not limited to, "base earnings (loss)", "base earnings (loss) (US$)", "base earnings (loss) - pre-tax", "base earnings:
                                  insurance service result", "base earnings: net investment result", "assets under management or advisement", "assets under administration",
                                  "client assets", "CSM impact (post-tax)", "non-par base operating and administration expenses", and "run-rate insurance results". Terms by
                                  which non-GAAP ratios are identified include, but are not limited to, “base earnings per common share (EPS)”, “base return on equity (ROE)”,
                                  "base dividend payout ratio", "base capital generation", “cost of management ratio”, "efficiency ratio", “effective income tax rate – base earnings
                                  – common shareholders”, “financial leverage ratio” and "pre-tax base operating margin". Non-GAAP financial measures and ratios are used to
                                  provide management and investors with additional measures of performance to help assess results where no comparable GAAP (IFRS
                                  Accounting Standards) measure exists. However, non-GAAP financial measures and ratios do not have standard meanings prescribed by
                                  GAAP (IFRS Accounting Standards) and are not directly comparable to similar measures used by other companies. Refer to the "Non-GAAP
                                  Financial Measures and Ratios" section in this MD&A for the appropriate reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to measures




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.




                                                                                                      Great-West Lifeco Inc. Second Quarter 2026 Management's Discussion and Analysis   3

                                  B  4                                         P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
Management's Discussion and Analysis



1. Overview
Great West is a financial services holding company focused on building stronger, more inclusive and financially secure
futures and operates in the United States (U.S.), Canada and Europe primarily through Empower Annuity Insurance
Company of America (Empower), The Canada Life Assurance Company (Canada Life), and Irish Life Group Limited (Irish
Life). The Company has a diversified mix of businesses within its reportable segments with focus on four key lines of
business: retirement, wealth, group benefits, and insurance and risk solutions and has approximately 40 million customer
relationships. As of June 30, 2026, Great West’s total client assets1 exceeded $3.7 trillion ($3.3 trillion as of December 31,
2025).
1    This metric is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details.


2. Consolidated Operating Results

    Selected consolidated financial information
    (in Canadian $ millions, except per share amounts)                        Q2-2026              Q2-2025        % Change                YTD-2026     YTD-2025    % Change
    Base earnings1                                                    $          1,270 $               1,149             11 % $              2,509 $       2,179       15 %
    Net earnings - common shareholders                                           1,039                   894             16 %                2,231         1,754       27 %
    Per share metrics
      Basic - Base earnings2                                                       1.42                 1.24             15 %                  2.79         2.35       19 %
      Basic - Net earnings - common shareholders                                   1.16                 0.96             20 %                  2.48         1.89       31 %
      Dividends paid                                                             0.670                 0.610             10 %                1.340         1.220       10 %
      Book value3                                                                29.85                 27.38               9%                29.85         27.38        9%




                                                                                                                                                                               PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
    Base dividend payout ratio2                                                47.3%                49.2%
    Dividend payout ratio3                                                     57.8%                63.5%
    Efficiency ratio2                                                          54.1%                56.7%
    Base return on equity2                                                     19.3%                17.4%
    Return on equity3                                                          17.2%                14.9%


                                                                                                                                           June 30, December 31,
    As at                                                                                                                                     2026         2025    % Change
    Total assets                                                                                                                      $    946,011 $    862,828        10 %
    Total assets under management or advisement1                                                                                          1,278,162    1,136,256       12 %
    Total assets under administration only3                                                                                               2,432,839    2,181,321       12 %
    Total client assets1                                                                                                                  3,711,001    3,317,577       12 %
    Total assets under administration1                                                                                                    3,947,586    3,548,965       11 %
    Total contractual service margin3 (net of reinsurance contracts held)                                                                   13,542       13,530        —%
    Total equity                                                                                                                            34,602       33,003         5%
    Canada Life consolidated Life Insurance Capital Adequacy Test (LICAT) Ratio4                                                            128%          128%         0 bps
    Financial leverage ratio2                                                                                                                 27%          28%      -100 bps

1    This metric is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details.
2    This metric is a non-GAAP ratio. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details.
3    Refer to the "Glossary" section of this document for additional details on the composition of this measure.
4    LICAT Ratio is based on the consolidated results of The Canada Life Assurance Company, Great West's major Canadian operating subsidiary. The LICAT Ratio is
     calculated in accordance with the Office of Superintendent of Financial Institutions' guideline - Life Insurance Capital Adequacy Test. Refer to the "Capital
     Management and Adequacy" section of this document for additional details.




                                                                               Great-West Lifeco Inc. Second Quarter 2026 Management's Discussion and Analysis             4

                                      P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                                    B  5
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis



                                  2.1        Second Quarter Development Highlights
                                  United States
                                  On June 30, 2026, Empower entered into an agreement to acquire the retirement plan and benefits administration
                                  business of Milliman, Inc. (Milliman) for approximately US$340 million. The transaction will add specialized defined benefit
                                  administrative expertise and capabilities to Empower’s existing retirement, wealth management, stock plan and consumer-
                                  directed healthcare offerings, creating a more comprehensive suite of workplace financial solutions for employers, plan
                                  sponsors, advisors and individual investors.
                                  The acquisition is expected to add approximately 1.5 million plan participants and US$130 billion in client assets at
                                  closing. The purchase consideration will be funded with Empower's existing cash resources, with a portion payable over
                                  the subsequent five years. Empower expects to incur integration costs of approximately US$50 million. The transaction is
                                  expected to close in the second half of 2026, subject to customary regulatory approvals and closing conditions.
                                  Canada
                                  On May 19, 2026, Canada Life announced the acquisition of Santé Circle Health, a provider of disability management and
                                  occupational health services. Santé Circle Health is recognized for its capabilities in early intervention, provider
                                  management and digital intake, supporting timely recovery and return-to-work outcomes. This acquisition supports
                                  Canada Life's strategy to be the leading provider of early intervention disability management solutions and supporting
                                  members, employers, and health systems in finding care, receiving treatment and optimizing return-to-work outcomes.
                                  This quarter, Canada Life launched Fund Navigator, a simpler and more efficient way for advisors and consultants to
                                  research fund options. Developed exclusively for Canada Life in partnership with Morningstar and Expero, Fund Navigator
                                  gives on-demand access to Canada Life’s retirement fund shelf, powered by Morningstar institutional data.




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  Europe
                                  In the second quarter of 2026, Canada Life UK secured approximately £670 million of new business across six bulk
                                  purchase annuity (BPA) transactions, securing the annuity payments of over 10,000 members. Our BPA market position
                                  has strengthened, supported by the development of new propositions designed to enhance competitiveness and deliver
                                  solutions tailored to our customers, including deferred premium and residual risk solutions.
                                  In June 2026, Irish Life officially opened its newly refurbished Dublin headquarters. The investment provides a modern
                                  collaborative workspace that supports the Group's long-term commitment to its people, customers and future growth
                                  ambitions.
                                  Canada Life Germany's new corporate disability offering, launched earlier in the year, continued to gain traction in the
                                  second quarter of 2026, supported by an active tendering pipeline. This momentum reflects the success of the Company's
                                  model of co-developing products and features with broker partners, which also supported the enhancement and launch of
                                  its individual pension market offering.
                                  2.2        Financial Performance Highlights
                                  •      The Company's base earnings per share for the second quarter of 2026 was $1.42, an increase of $0.18 or 15% from
                                         $1.24 in the same period in the prior year. Net earnings per share was $1.16 for the second quarter of 2026, an
                                         increase of $0.20 or 20% from $0.96 in the same period in the prior year. The growth in both base and net EPS
                                         reflects sustained momentum across the Retirement and Wealth businesses, led by Empower, and supported by
                                         strong new business volume in Capital Solutions and significant share repurchases over the past year and was
                                         partially tempered by less favourable insurance experience in Canada and lower trading activity year over year.
                                  •      Great West delivered base ROE of 19.3%, achieving its 19%+ medium-term objective for the second consecutive
                                         quarter, owing to earnings growth, disciplined capital deployment, and share buybacks.
                                  •      The Company's efficiency ratio for the second quarter of 2026 was 54.1% compared to 56.7% in the same quarter last
                                         year. The improvement in Great West's efficiency ratio was the result of prudent expense management and strong
                                         base earnings growth across the Company.
                                  •      For the six months ended June 30, 2026, the Company repurchased 13.4 million shares for $925 million under its
                                         normal course issuer bid (NCIB). On July 28, 2026, the Company announced an amendment to its current NCIB to
                                         increase the maximum number of common shares that may be repurchased from 20,000,000 common shares to
                                         40,000,000 common shares. The amendment is expected to become effective on July 31, 2026. For further details,
                                         refer to the “Great West Capital Structure” section of this document.
                                  •      The Company’s financial leverage ratio was 27% at June 30, 2026, compared to 28% at December 31, 2025. The
                                         decrease reflects growth in equity from gains on stocks measured at fair value through other comprehensive income,


                                                                                                Great-West Lifeco Inc. Second Quarter 2026 Management's Discussion and Analysis   5

                                  B  6                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
Management's Discussion and Analysis


          partially offset by an increase in leverage from the issuance of $200 million Non-Cumulative First Preferred Shares,
          Series 24, and currency movements.
•         Canada Life's LICAT Ratio was 128% at June 30, 2026, unchanged from December 31, 2025.
2.3             Base and Net Earnings
                                                                                    Q2-2026             Q2-2025        % Change          YTD-2026      YTD-2025    % Change
    Base earnings (loss)1
        United States                                                         $           458 $               341             34 % $         888 $         706         26 %
        Canada                                                                            341                 375              (9)%          693           691         —%
        Europe                                                                            266                 262               2%           539           501          8%
        Capital and Risk Solutions                                                        310                 229             35 %           610           442         38 %
        Corporate                                                                        (105)                 (58)          (81)%           (221)         (161)      (37)%
    Great West base earnings1                                                 $         1,270 $             1,149             11 % $        2,509 $       2,179        15 %

    Items excluded from base earnings
        Market experience relative to expectations2                           $          (168) $             (104)           (62)% $         (152) $       (195)       22 %
        Assumption changes and management actions2                                         (23)                  (3)      <(100)%             (20)          (35)       43 %
        Business transformation and other impacts2                                           (6)             (121)            95 %            (38)         (131)       71 %
        Amortization of acquisition-related finite life
          intangibles                                                                      (34)                (38)           11 %            (68)          (75)        9%
        Tax legislative changes and other tax impacts                                       —                   11              nmf            —            11         nmf
    Items excluded from Great West base earnings                              $          (231) $             (255)              9% $         (278) $       (425)       35 %




                                                                                                                                                                                 PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
    Net earnings (loss) - common shareholders
        United States                                                         $           404 $               305             32 % $         756 $         643         18 %
        Canada                                                                            310                 255             22 %           666           556         20 %
        Europe                                                                            163                 126             29 %           418           293         43 %
        Capital and Risk Solutions                                                        305                 194             57 %           658           378         74 %
        Corporate                                                                        (143)                  14              nmf          (267)         (116)    <(100)%
    Great West net earnings - common shareholders                             $         1,039 $               894             16 % $        2,231 $       1,754        27 %

1       This metric is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details.
2       Refer to the "Glossary" section of this document for additional details on the composition of this measure.

Base Earnings
Base earnings for the second quarter of 2026 of $1,270 million ($1.42 per common share) increased by $121 million or
11% compared to $1,149 million ($1.24 per common share) a year ago. The results include:
    •     United States - Higher fee and spread income from market-driven and business growth in the Retirement and Wealth
          lines of business, as well as lower credit-related impacts in both lines of businesses, partially offset by higher
          operating expenses to support growth;
    •     Canada - Less favourable Group Benefits experience and unfavourable morbidity experience in Insurance &
          Annuities, partially offset by increased fee income from Retirement and Wealth from market-driven asset growth;
    •     Europe - Favourable Group Benefits experience and higher fee income from market growth, partially offset by lower
          trading gains and lower expected investment earnings in Insurance & Annuities;
    •     Capital and Risk Solutions - New business growth within Capital Solutions during the quarter; and
    •     Corporate - Base loss driven by lower tax benefits resulting from changes in certain tax estimates recognized in the
          previous year and higher corporate shared service expenses.
For the six months ended June 30, 2026, Great West's base earnings were $2,509 million ($2.79 per common share)
compared to $2,179 million ($2.35 per common share) a year ago. The increase was primarily due to:
    •     United States - Higher base earnings from the same reasons discussed for the in-quarter results;
    •     Canada - Increased fee income from Retirement and Wealth from market-driven asset growth and improved
          investment results, partially offset by less favourable Group Benefits experience;
    •     Europe - Higher earnings driven by favourable Group Benefits experience and higher fee income from market growth;
    •     Capital and Risk Solutions - Higher earnings driven by new business growth within Capital Solutions and favourable
          Risk Solutions experience; and


                                                                                  Great-West Lifeco Inc. Second Quarter 2026 Management's Discussion and Analysis            6

                                         P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                                 B  7
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis


                                   •     Corporate - Partially offset by similar reasons as discussed above for in-quarter results.
                                  Net Earnings - common shareholders
                                  Great West's net earnings for the three months ended June 30, 2026 of $1,039 million ($1.16 per common share)
                                  increased by $145 million or 16% compared to $894 million ($0.96 per common share) for the same period a year ago.
                                  The increase was primarily due to an increase in base earnings and the net impacts of the following items excluded from
                                  base earnings:
                                   •     Lower business transformation and other impacts, primarily due to the non-recurrence of a restructuring provision
                                         recorded in the prior year;
                                   •     Partially offset by unfavourable market experience related to interest rates and the impact of equity market
                                         movements; and
                                   •     More unfavourable impact of assumption changes and management actions. Refer to the "Assumption Changes and
                                         Management Actions" section of this document for additional details.
                                  For the six months ended June 30, 2026, Great West's net earnings were $2,231 million (2.48 per common share)
                                  compared to $1,754 million ($1.89 per common share) a year ago. The increase was primarily due to an increase in base
                                  earnings and the net impacts of the following items excluded from base earnings:
                                   •     Less unfavourable market experience, primarily from interest rates, partially offset by the impact of equity market
                                         movements; and
                                   •     Lower business transformation and other impacts, primarily due to the non-recurrence of a restructuring provision
                                         recorded in the prior year.
                                  2.4        Foreign Currency




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  Great West conducts business in multiple currencies through its operating subsidiaries. The four primary currencies are
                                  the Canadian dollar, the U.S. dollar, the British pound and the euro. Foreign currency assets and liabilities are translated
                                  into Canadian dollars at the market rate at the end of the reporting period. All income and expense items are translated at
                                  an average rate for the period. The rates employed are:

                                                                                                          Q2-2026                       Q2-2025                      YTD-2026                YTD-2025
                                   Income and expenses
                                   United States dollar                                    $                    1.38 $                        1.38     $                   1.38 $                1.41
                                   British pound                                                                1.86                          1.85                         1.86                  1.83
                                   Euro                                                                         1.61                          1.57                         1.61                  1.54


                                   As at                                                                                                                       June 30, 2026 December 31, 2025
                                   Assets and liabilities
                                   United States dollar                                                                                                $                   1.42 $                1.37
                                   British pound                                                                                                                           1.88                  1.85
                                   Euro                                                                                                                                    1.62                  1.61

                                  The overall impact of currency movement for the three and six months ended June 30, 2026 compared to translation rates
                                  a year ago are summarized below:

                                                                                                 June 30, 2026 vs June 30, 2025                             June 30, 2026 vs June 30, 2025
                                                                                                   For the three months ended                                   For the six months ended
                                  Base Earnings                                                         Increase of $6 million                                     Decrease of $7 million
                                  Net Earnings                                                          Increase of $5 million                                      Increase of $2 million

                                  The movements in end-of-period exchange rates impacting the translation of foreign operations, including related hedging
                                  activities, resulted in post-tax unrealized foreign exchange gains of $379 million in-quarter ($565 million net unrealized
                                  gains year-to-date) recorded in other comprehensive income (OCI).




                                                                                                  Great-West Lifeco Inc. Second Quarter 2026 Management's Discussion and Analysis                   7

                                  B  8                                     P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
Management's Discussion and Analysis



2.5             Taxes
The Company's effective income tax rates on earnings attributable to common shareholders are presented below.

    Effective Income Tax Rates
                                                                                         Q2-2026                       Q2-2025              YTD-2026       YTD-2025
    Base earnings1                                                                          15.9 %                        11.7 %               16.4 %          14.4 %
    Net earnings - common shareholders                                                      14.0 %                         5.9 %               15.8 %          11.2 %

1       This metric is a non-GAAP ratio. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details.

The Company's effective income tax rate is generally lower than the statutory income tax rate of 28.0% due to benefits
related to non-taxable investment income and lower income tax rates in certain foreign jurisdictions.
The effective income tax rate varies from period to period as a result of changes in the jurisdictional mix of earnings and
movements in non-taxable investment income. It may also be affected by other items such as provision-to-return
adjustments, tax rate changes, the recognition of tax credits and updates to tax estimates, including deferred tax asset
recoverability and uncertain tax position estimates.
Refer to note 14 of the Company's financial statements for the period ended June 30, 2026 for further details.
2.6             Items Excluded from Base Earnings
Market Experience Relative to Expectations
                                                                                         Q2-2026                       Q2-2025              YTD-2026       YTD-2025
    Public equity market impacts                                          $                  (34) $                         22          $        (25) $               7
    Real estate and other non-fixed income asset impacts                                        (29)                          (51)              (107)               (89)




                                                                                                                                                                           PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
    Interest rate and other impacts                                                            (105)                          (75)               (20)              (113)
    Total market experience relative to expectations                      $                    (168) $                      (104) $             (152) $            (195)

Market experience relative to expectations, which are reflected in the net investment result of the Company's Consolidated
Statements of Earnings, negatively impacted net earnings by $168 million in the second quarter of 2026, compared to a
negative impact of $104 million in the second quarter of 2025. The in-quarter impact was primarily due to:
    •     Negative interest rate and other impacts primarily from the change in risk-free interest rates and spreads in Canada
          and the U.K.; and
    •     Impact of equity market movements.
For the six months ended June 30, 2026, market experience relative to expectations negatively impacted net earnings by
$152 million, compared to a negative impact of $195 million for the same period in 2025. The negative impact in 2026 was
primarily due to:
    •     Negative real estate and other non-fixed income asset impacts primarily from lower returns than expected on real
          estate assets in Canada and the U.K. and unfavourable results relative to expectations in the U.S. segment; and
    •     Impact of equity market movements.
The Company mitigates interest rate risk through disciplined asset-liability cash flow matching. As a result, the
current-period impact of interest rate changes is largely offset, as changes in the fair value of bonds backing insurance
contract liabilities are generally matched by corresponding changes in those liabilities. However, differences in interest
rate sensitivity between assets and insurance and investment contract liabilities create net earnings sensitivity arising from
asset-liability management strategies and accounting policy choices. These choices, which consider regulatory capital
impacts, may increase net earnings sensitivity while reducing capital sensitivity. For example, the use of public equities
and other non-fixed income assets, as well as certain assets held at amortized cost (such as U.K. mortgage assets),
introduces interest rate exposure in net earnings. Sensitivity also varies by geography and by the magnitude and term
structure of interest rate changes.
For a further description of the Company's sensitivity to equity markets and interest rate fluctuations, including sensitivity
disclosures as a result of current market conditions, refer to the "Risk Management" section of this document as well as
note 6 of the Company's financial statements for the period ended June 30, 2026.
Assumption Changes and Management Actions
Changes in insurance risk assumptions and certain management actions directly affect the CSM for contracts which have
CSM. For contracts measured under the General Measurement Model, these impacts are measured using locked-in rates.
Net earnings impacts arise from differences between the fair value measurement of assumption changes affecting CSM


                                                                                 Great-West Lifeco Inc. Second Quarter 2026 Management's Discussion and Analysis       8

                                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                              B  9
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis


                                  and the corresponding impacts recognized in CSM at locked-in rates, as well as from assumption changes related to
                                  financial risks on certain products and insurance risks on contracts without a CSM, including short-term insurance
                                  contracts. For a further description of the significant judgments, estimates and assumptions applied by management that
                                  affect the contractual service margin, refer to note 2 of the Company’s financial statements for the period ended June 30,
                                  2026.
                                  The following table shows the net earnings and CSM impacts of assumption changes and management actions on non-
                                  participating business, excluding segregated funds, for the three and six months ended June 30, 2026.
                                                                                               Q2-2026
                                                                                            Net Earnings
                                                                  CSM impacts CSM impacts         Impact
                                      Assumptions                    (pre-tax)  (post-tax)1    (post-tax) Description
                                      Longevity                  $          — $         — $            —
                                      Mortality                             —           —              —
                                      Policyholder behaviour                    —                     —
                                      Other                                     4                     3                   (23) Miscellaneous updates in Europe
                                      Total                      $               4 $                   3 $                (23)

                                                                                                                 Q2-2025
                                      Total                      $               7 $                   6 $                  (3)

                                                                                             YTD-2026
                                                                                            Net Earnings
                                                                  CSM impacts CSM impacts         Impact




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                      Assumptions                    (pre-tax)  (post-tax)1    (post-tax) Description
                                      Longevity                  $          — $         — $            —
                                      Mortality                                                       —
                                      Policyholder behaviour                                          —
                                      Other                                    (57)                  (46)                  (20) Updates and management actions across segments
                                      Total                      $             (57) $                (46) $                (20)

                                                                                                                YTD-2025
                                      Total                      $             17 $                   13 $                 (35)

                                  1    This metric is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details.
                                  The following table summarizes the impact of assumption changes and management actions for the three and six months
                                  ended June 30, 2026 by segment:

                                                                                                                                                                                         Q2-2026      Q2-2025
                                                                                                    U.S.          Canada             Europe                 CRS   Corporate                Total
                                      CSM Impacts (pre-tax)1                 $                       — $              — $                 3 $                 1 $        — $                  4 $           7
                                      CSM Impact (post-tax)1                                         —                —                   2                   1          —                    3             6
                                      Net Earnings Impacts (post-tax)                                —                 1                (24)                 —           —                  (23)           (3)
                                      CSM Impacts (Segregated Fund Business)                         —                —                  —                   —           —                   —            (19)


                                                                                                                                                                                        YTD-2026     YTD-2025
                                                                                                    U.S.          Canada             Europe                 CRS     Corporate              Total
                                      CSM Impacts (pre-tax)1                             $           — $              — $                (7) $               (50) $        — $              (57) $         17
                                      CSM Impact (post-tax)1                                         —                —                  (7)                 (39)          —                (46)           13
                                      Net Earnings Impacts (post-tax)                                —                (2)               (29)                  30          (19)              (20)          (35)
                                      CSM Impacts (Segregated Fund Business)                          —                  —                 (10)                —                  —          (10)         (20)
                                  1    Excludes participating and segregated fund policies.
                                  Assumption changes and management actions during the interim period primarily reflect routine model refinements and
                                  management actions on non-participating business. Models and corresponding assumptions are subject to a
                                  comprehensive annual review in the third quarter, when more significant movements in this category are typically
                                  observed.
                                  Other Items Excluded from Base Earnings
                                  In the second quarter of 2026, other items excluded from base earnings were negative $40 million compared to negative
                                  $148 million for the same period a year ago. Business transformation and other impacts improved by $115 million

                                                                                                               Great-West Lifeco Inc. Second Quarter 2026 Management's Discussion and Analysis               9

                                  B  10                                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
Management's Discussion and Analysis


compared to the same period in the prior year, primarily driven by the non-recurrence of a restructuring provision in
Canada, partially offset by the provision releases related to the 2003 acquisition of Canada Life Financial Corporation in
the prior year.
In the six months ended June 30, 2026, other items excluded from base earnings were negative $106 million compared to
negative $195 million a year ago. Business transformation and other costs increased by $93 million compared to the same
period in the prior year, primarily due to the same reasons discussed in the in-quarter results.


3. Segmented Operating Results

Consolidated operating results for Great West comprise primarily the results of Empower, Canada Life and Irish Life,
together with corporate expenses and consolidation adjustments. The following sections analyze the performance of
Great West's five reportable segments: United States, Canada, Europe, Capital and Risk Solutions and Corporate. Refer
to the Company's 2025 Annual MD&A for a detailed description of the Company's reportable segments.
Translation of Foreign Currency
For the United States, Europe and Capital and Risk Solutions segments, foreign currency assets and liabilities are
translated into Canadian dollars at the period-end exchange rates. All income and expense items are translated at an
average rate for the period. Please refer to the "Foreign Currency" section in this document for more details.
Lines of Business
The Company has a diversified mix of businesses, within its reportable segments, with focus on four key lines of business:
Retirement: Great West's retirement business includes employer-sponsored benefit plans, an array of financial wellness




                                                                                                                                                                      PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
programs, administrative and recordkeeping services, including enrollment, communication strategies and education
programs, advanced data analytics and technology to provide a fully integrated consumer-directed healthcare suite that
brings health and wealth benefits together on one platform.
Wealth: This business provides a broad suite of financial products and solutions, including personalized advisory
services, investment management and digital tools to provide actionable financial insights, portfolio monitoring and
planning.
Group Benefits: Great West's group benefits business includes group life and health benefits (coverage over life,
disability, critical illness, accidental death and dismemberment, dental and extended healthcare) and group creditor
products and services.
Insurance & Risk Solutions: Great West's insurance & risk solutions business includes individual life insurance
products, living benefits, retirement income plans (annuities and deferred annuities products), capital solutions and risk
solutions.

The following table provides an overview of the Company's lines of business across our reportable segments:

                                                                                        Reportable Segments1

      Lines of                                                                                                                            Capital and Risk
                                         U.S.                                  Canada                                  Europe2
      Business                                                                                                                               Solutions

                              Empower Workplace                          Group Capital
     Retirement                                                                                                    Group Pension
                                  Solutions                            Accumulation Plans

                               Empower Personal                          Savings and                            European Individual
        Wealth
                                   Wealth                          Retirement Income Plans                           Wealth

                                                                   Group Life, Disability and               Group Life, Disability and
   Group Benefits
                                                                       Health Benefits                          Irish Life Health

                                                                       Individual Life and
                                                                                                             Individual Life Insurance
  Insurance & Risk                                                 Living Benefits Insurance                                             Capital Solutions and
                                                                                                                   and Annuities
      Solutions                                                          and Annuities                                                     Risk Solutions
                                                                                                              "Insurance & Annuities"
                                                                    "Insurance & Annuities"

1 Corporate segment is excluded.

2 Operates through Irish Life in Ireland and Canada Life in the U.K. and Germany.




                                                                           Great-West Lifeco Inc. Second Quarter 2026 Management's Discussion and Analysis       10

                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                             B  11
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis




                                  3.1             United States
                                  The United States segment comprises two distinct lines of business: Retirement and Wealth. The segment’s operating
                                  results include results for Empower and an allocation of a portion of Great West’s Corporate results.
                                  Selected Financial Information
                                      Base earnings and net earnings
                                                                                                                     Q2-2026             Q2-2025        % Change           YTD-2026           YTD-2025 % Change
                                      Base earnings (US$)1
                                          Retirement                                                           $            238 $               175             36 % $              462 $         365      27 %
                                          Wealth                                                                              72                  43            67 %                138            83      66 %
                                          Earnings on surplus                                                                 22                  29           (24)%                     46        54      (15)%
                                      Base earnings (US$)1                                                     $            332 $               247             34 % $              646 $         502      29 %
                                          Items excluded from base earnings (US$)                                           (39)                (25)           (56)%                (96)          (43)   <(100)%
                                      Net earnings - common shareholders (US$)                                 $            293 $               222             32 % $              550 $         459      20 %
                                      Base earnings (C$)1                                                      $            458 $               341             34 % $              888 $         706      26 %
                                      Net earnings - common shareholders (C$)                                  $            404 $               305             32 % $              756 $         643      18 %
                                  1       This metric is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details.

                                  Base earnings and net earnings
                                  Net earnings for the second quarter of 2026 of US$293 million increased by US$71 million compared to the same quarter
                                  last year. Base earnings of US$332 million increased by US$85 million compared to the same quarter last year, primarily




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  due to:
                                      •     Higher fee and spread income driven by higher asset levels from market-driven growth and business growth in both
                                            lines of business; and
                                      •     Lower credit-related impacts in Retirement and Wealth in the current quarter when compared to the prior year;
                                      •     Partially offset by higher operating expenses incurred to support the growth in both lines of business.
                                  Items excluded from base earnings was negative US$39 million for the second quarter of 2026 compared to negative
                                  US$25 million a year ago, primarily due to:
                                      •     Unfavorable market experience relative to expectations within real estate and other non-fixed income asset impacts;
                                            and
                                      •     Higher restructuring costs related to creating operational efficiencies.
                                  For the six months ended June 30, 2026, net earnings increased by US$91 million to US$550 million compared to the
                                  same period last year. Base earnings of US$646 million increased by US$144 million compared to the same period last
                                  year, primarily due to the same reasons discussed for the in-quarter results.
                                  For the six months ended June 30, 2026, items excluded from base earnings were negative US$96 million compared to
                                  negative US$43 million in the prior year, primarily due to similar factors discussed for the in-quarter results.
                                      •     Unfavorable market experience relative to expectation within real estate and other non-fixed income asset impacts;
                                            and
                                      •     Higher restructuring costs related to creating operational efficiencies.




                                                                                                               Great-West Lifeco Inc. Second Quarter 2026 Management's Discussion and Analysis                11

                                  B  12                                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
Management's Discussion and Analysis



    Additional financial information
                                                                                 Q2-2026               Q2-2025 % Change                      YTD-2026       YTD-2025 % Change
    Net asset flows - (US$)1
        Retirement                                                        $         (8,915) $           (22,159)             60 % $             (7,304) $     (16,956)   57 %
        Wealth                                                                       1,818                2,946             (38)%                3,649          5,714    (36)%
    Net asset flows - (US$)1                                              $         (7,097) $           (19,213)             63 % $             (3,655) $     (11,242)   67 %
    Net asset flows - (C$)1                                               $         (9,793) $           (26,515)             63 % $             (5,078) $     (15,117)   66 %
    Net fee and spread income (US$)1
        Retirement                                                        $             766 $                705              9% $               1,511 $       1,412      7%
        Wealth                                                                         234                   183             28 %                 455            354     29 %
    Net fee and spread income (US$)1                                      $          1,000 $                 888             13 % $              1,966 $        1,766    11 %
    Net fee and spread income (C$)1                                       $          1,381 $               1,225             13 % $              2,705 $        2,479     9%

                                                                                                                                              June 30, December 31,
    As at                                                                                                                                        2026         2025 % Change
    Assets under administration (US$)2
        Assets under management or advisement2                                                                                           $    459,491 $      416,521     10 %
        Assets under administration only1                                                                                                    1,707,007      1,586,176     8%
    Total client assets (US$)2                                                                                                           $   2,166,498 $    2,002,697     8%

    Total assets under administration (US$)2                                                                                             $   2,199,887 $    2,037,186     8%
    Total assets under administration (C$)2                                                                                              $   3,123,841 $    2,790,945    12 %




                                                                                                                                                                                 PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
    Average client assets (US$)1
        Retirement                                                                                                                       $   1,992,927 $    1,890,253     5%
        Wealth                                                                                                                                116,902        108,185      8%
    Total average client assets (US$)1                                                                                                   $   2,109,829 $    1,998,438     6%
    Total average client assets (C$)1                                                                                                    $   2,911,564 $    2,777,829     5%

1       Refer to the "Glossary" section of this document for additional details on the composition of this measure.
2       This metric is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details.

Net asset flows
In the second quarter of 2026, net asset outflows were US$7.1 billion, compared to net asset outflows of US$19.2 billion
for the same quarter last year. The change was primarily due to:
    •     Higher plan sales and lower plan terminations in Retirement;
    •     Partially offset by higher participant net redemptions in Retirement.
For the six months ended June 30, 2026, net asset outflows were US$3.7 billion compared to net asset outflows of
US$11.2 billion for the same period last year. The improvement was primarily due to:
    •     Higher plan sales in Retirement;
    •     Partially offset by higher participant net redemptions and higher plan terminations in Retirement.
Large plan sales and terminations can be highly variable from period to period and tend to result in lower margins but
nonetheless contribute to covering fixed overhead costs. The number of participants at the end of the second quarter of
2026 increased from the end of 2025 in both Retirement and Wealth.
3.2              Canada
The Canada segment comprises four distinct lines of business: Retirement, Wealth, Group Benefits and Insurance &
Annuities. The segment comprises solely the operating results attributed to Canada Life's Canadian operations, together
with an allocation of a portion of Great West's Corporate results.




                                                                                 Great-West Lifeco Inc. Second Quarter 2026 Management's Discussion and Analysis            12

                                         P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                                   B  13
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis


                                  Selected Financial Information
                                      Base earnings and net earnings
                                                                                                                     Q2-2026             Q2-2025        % Change           YTD-2026         YTD-2025 % Change
                                      Base earnings (loss)1
                                        Retirement                                                             $             53 $                 42            26 % $               96 $        80      20 %
                                          Wealth                                                                             73                   53            38 %               130          107      21 %
                                          Group Benefits                                                                    137                 186            (26)%               287          329     (13)%
                                          Insurance & Annuities                                                              43                   53           (19)%               117          111       5%
                                          Earnings on surplus                                                                29                   25            16 %                 55          51       8%
                                          Other                                                                               6                  16            (63)%                 8           13     (38)%
                                      Base earnings (loss)1                                                    $            341 $               375             (9)% $             693 $        691      —%
                                        Items excluded from base earnings                                                   (31)               (120)            74 %                (27)        (135)    80 %
                                      Net earnings - common shareholders                                       $            310 $               255             22 % $             666 $        556      20 %
                                  1       This metric is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details.
                                  Base and net earnings
                                  Net earnings for the second quarter of 2026 of $310 million increased by $55 million compared to the same quarter last
                                  year. Base earnings for the second quarter of 2026 of $341 million decreased by $34 million compared to the same
                                  quarter last year, primarily due to:
                                      •     Retirement and Wealth - Increase from higher client assets primarily driven by market growth;
                                      •     Group Benefits - Decrease from less favourable experience, primarily long-term disability; and
                                      •     Insurance & Annuities - Decrease driven by unfavourable morbidity experience.




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  Items excluded from base earnings of negative $31 million for the second quarter of 2026 increased by $89 million
                                  compared to the same period in the prior year primarily due to the non-recurrence of a restructuring provision taken in the
                                  prior year, partially offset by unfavourable interest rate movements and lower credit spread impacts.
                                  For the six months ended June 30, 2026, net earnings increased by $110 million and base earnings increased by $2
                                  million compared to the same period last year. The increase in base earnings was primarily due to:
                                      •     Retirement and Wealth - Increase driven by the same reasons discussed above for in-quarter results;
                                      •     Group Benefits - Decrease driven by the same reasons discussed above for in-quarter results; and
                                      •     Insurance & Annuities - Increase from improved mortality experience and improved investment results, partially
                                            offset by unfavourable morbidity results and lower CSM recognized for services provided.
                                  Items excluded from base earnings were negative $27 million compared to negative $135 million for the same period last
                                  year, primarily due to similar reasons as discussed above for in-quarter results, as well as favourable public equity market
                                  impacts.
                                  In the second quarter of 2026, the net gain attributable to the participating account was $14 million, compared to a loss of
                                  $6 million for the same quarter last year, driven by the non-recurrence of restructuring costs in 2025 partially offset by
                                  changes in certain income tax estimates.
                                  In the six months ended June 30, 2026, the net gain attributable to the participating account was $102 million compared to
                                  a net gain of $20 million for the same period last year, primarily due to the same reasons discussed above for in-quarter
                                  results, as well as the impact of assumption changes in the first quarter of 2026.




                                                                                                               Great-West Lifeco Inc. Second Quarter 2026 Management's Discussion and Analysis             13

                                  B  14                                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
Management's Discussion and Analysis




    Additional financial information
                                                                                 Q2-2026              Q2-2025        % Change                YTD-2026      YTD-2025    % Change
    Sales1
      Group Benefits (Insured)1                                          $             116 $                 97             20 % $               222 $         222         —%
      Group Benefits (ASO & Other)1                                                     21                   67            (69)%                  95           300        (68)%
      Insurance & Annuities                                                            128                  123               4%                 249           230          8%
    Net asset flows1
      Retirement                                                         $            (737) $              (567)           (30)% $               (253) $     (1,046)       76 %
        Wealth                                                                       (607)                 (375)           (62)%                 (968)         (410)    <(100)%
    Net asset flows1                                                     $         (1,344) $               (942)           (43)% $             (1,221) $     (1,456)       16 %
    Net fee and spread income1
      Retirement                                                         $             132 $                117             13 % $               257 $         233         10 %
      Wealth                                                                           248                  222             12 %                 486           455          7%
    Net fee and spread income1                                           $             380 $                339             12 % $               743 $         688          8%
    Group Benefits fee and other income (ASO &
      Other)                                                             $             111 $                106               5% $               218 $         212          3%


                                                                                                                                             June 30, December 31,
    As at                                                                                                                                       2026         2025      % Change
    Assets under administration2
      Assets under management or advisement2                                                                                             $    232,779 $     214,765         8%
        Assets under administration only1                                                                                                       3,048         2,942         4%




                                                                                                                                                                                   PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
    Total client assets2                                                                                                                 $    235,827 $     217,707         8%
    Total assets under administration2,3                                                                                                 $    352,172 $     330,917         6%
    Average client assets1
        Retirement                                                                                                                       $     90,987 $      85,317         7%
        Wealth                                                                                                                                137,174       130,387         5%
    Total average client assets1                                                                                                         $    228,161 $     215,704         6%
    Contractual service margin
        Insurance & Annuities - Non-Participating                                                                                        $       499 $         513         (3)%
        Wealth - Segregated Funds                                                                                                               1,838         1,731         6%
        Insurance & Annuities - Participating                                                                                                   3,335         3,305         1%
    Contractual service margin                                                                                                           $      5,672 $       5,549         2%
    Group Benefits in-force premiums (Insured)1                                                                                          $      7,351 $       7,527        (2)%
1       Refer to the "Glossary" section of this document for additional details on the composition of this measure.
2       This metric is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details.
3       At June 30, 2026, Canada Life had $7.4 billion of proprietary mutual fund assets held by retail clients ($7.4 billion at December 31, 2025). $5.0 billion ($4.1 billion
        as at December 31, 2025) of these assets are consolidated as investment on account of segregated fund policyholders on the Company's balance sheet.
Sales
Canada sales for the second quarter of 2026 decreased compared to the same period last year. Key drivers were:
    •      Group Benefits (ASO & Other) sales decreased by $46 million, primarily due to lower creditor sales; partially offset by
           increased Group Benefits (Insured) sales of $19 million driven by stronger small and mid-market sales; and
    •      Insurance & Annuities sales increased by $5 million, primarily due to strong participating sales.
Canada sales for the six months ended June 30, 2026 decreased compared to the same period last year, primarily due to:
    •      Group Benefits (ASO & Other) sales decreased by $205 million, for the reasons described above and due to a large
           one-time creditor sale in prior year;
 • Partially offset by Insurance & Annuities sales increased by $19 million due to strong participating sales.
Net asset flows
In the second quarter of 2026, net asset outflows were $1,344 million compared to net asset outflows of $942 million for
the same quarter last year, primarily due to:
    •      Retirement net asset flows decreased due to higher withdrawals partially offset by improved terminations and
           deposits; and
    •      Wealth net asset flows decreased due to higher redemptions partially offset by improved third party mutual fund and
           segregated fund sales.

                                                                                 Great-West Lifeco Inc. Second Quarter 2026 Management's Discussion and Analysis              14

                                         P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                                    B  15
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis


                                  For the six months ended June 30, 2026, net asset outflows were $1,221 million compared to net asset outflows of $1,456
                                  million for the same period last year, primarily due to the same reasons described above for in-quarter results.
                                  3.3             Europe
                                  The Europe segment comprises four distinct lines of business: Retirement, Wealth, Group Benefits and Insurance &
                                  Annuities. The segment serves customers in the U.K. and Germany operating under the Canada Life brand and in Ireland
                                  under the Irish Life brand along with other acquired brands within the intermediary and wealth markets in Ireland. The
                                  segment's results also include an allocation of a portion of Great West's Corporate results.
                                  Selected Financial Information
                                      Base earnings and net earnings
                                                                                                                    Q2-2026             Q2-2025        % Change            YTD-2026             YTD-2025   % Change
                                      Base earnings (loss)1
                                        Retirement                                                             $             16 $                 8          100 % $                     30 $        15       100 %
                                          Wealth                                                                             57                 68           (16)%                  120             122        (2)%
                                          Group Benefits                                                                    75                 64             17 %                  136             125         9%
                                          Insurance & Annuities                                                             94                104            (10)%                  206             193         7%
                                          Earnings on surplus                                                               24                  18            33 %                   47              46         2%
                                      Base earnings (loss)1                                                    $           266 $              262               2% $                539 $           501         8%
                                          Items excluded from base earnings                                               (103)              (136)            24 %                 (121)           (208)       42 %
                                      Net earnings - common shareholders                                       $           163 $              126             29 % $                418 $           293        43 %
                                  1       This metric is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details.




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  Base and net earnings
                                  Net earnings for the second quarter of 2026 of $163 million increased by $37 million compared to the same quarter last
                                  year. Base earnings for the second quarter of 2026 increased by $4 million compared to the same quarter last year. The
                                  increase in base earnings is primarily due to:
                                      •     Retirement and Wealth – Net decrease due to a tax release in the prior year and timing differences in the UK Wealth
                                            transition, partially offset by favourable net fee and spread income from strong net asset flows and market growth;
                                      •     Group Benefits – Increase due to favourable protection and pooling experience in the U.K. and health experience in
                                            Ireland, partially offset by less favourable mortality experience in Ireland; and
                                      •     Insurance & Annuities – Decrease due to lower trading gains and lower expected investment earnings, partially
                                            offset by business growth.
                                  Items excluded from base earnings increased by $33 million for the second quarter of 2026 to negative $103 million
                                  primarily due to improved market experience relative to expectations compared to the prior year.
                                  For the six months ended June 30, 2026, net earnings of $418 million increased by $125 million compared to the same
                                  period last year. Base earnings of $539 million increased by $38 million compared to the same period last year, primarily
                                  due to:
                                      •     Retirement and Wealth - Net increase primarily due to favourable net fee and spread income from strong net asset
                                            flows and market growth;
                                      •     Group Benefits – Similar reasons as discussed above for in-quarter results; and
                                      •     Insurance & Annuities – Increase due to business growth, partially offset by similar reasons as discussed above for
                                            in-quarter results.
                                  Items excluded from base earnings were negative $121 million compared to negative $208 million for the same period last
                                  year, primarily due to improved market experience.




                                                                                                               Great-West Lifeco Inc. Second Quarter 2026 Management's Discussion and Analysis                    15

                                  B  16                                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
Management's Discussion and Analysis



    Additional financial information
                                                                                 Q2-2026              Q2-2025        % Change                YTD-2026     YTD-2025    % Change
    Sales1
      Group Benefits (Insured)1                                          $             134 $                  88             52 % $              259 $        191         36 %
        Insurance & Annuities                                                        2,006                  716           >100%                 2,950        1,656        78 %
    Net asset flows1
      Retirement                                                         $             216 $                309             (30)% $              633 $        631         —%
        Wealth                                                                       2,840               (2,321)               nmf              7,142         (273)        nmf
      Insurance & Annuities                                                             —                    21                nmf                 —           39           nmf
    Net asset flows1                                                     $           3,056 $             (1,991)               nmf $            7,775 $       397        >100%
    Net fee and spread income1
       Retirement                                                        $               48 $                 29             66 % $               91 $          57        60 %
         Wealth                                                                        159                  154               3%                 319          303          5%
    Net fee and spread income1                                           $             207 $                183              13 % $              410 $        360         14 %


                                                                                                                                             June 30, December 31,
    As at                                                                                                                                       2026         2025     % Change
    Assets under administration2
      Assets under management or advisement2                                                                                             $    323,800 $    290,863        11 %
        Assets under administration only1                                                                                                       5,842        5,318        10 %
    Total client assets2                                                                                                                 $    329,642 $    296,181        11 %
    Total assets under administration2,3                                                                                                 $    390,519 $    355,415        10 %




                                                                                                                                                                                  PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
    Average client assets1
        Retirement                                                                                                                       $     41,234 $     37,503        10 %
        Wealth                                                                                                                                271,851      254,148         7%
    Total average client assets1                                                                                                         $    313,085 $    291,651         7%
    Contractual service margin
        Insurance & Annuities - Non-Participating                                                                                        $      3,882 $      3,866        —%
        Wealth - Segregated Funds                                                                                                               1,462        1,487        (2)%
    Contractual service margin                                                                                                           $      5,344 $      5,353        —%
    Group Benefits in-force premiums (Insured)1                                                                                          $      3,167 $      3,027         5%
1       Refer to the "Glossary" section of this document for additional details on the composition of this measure.
2       This metric is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details.
3       At June 30, 2026, total assets under administration excludes $25.7 billion of assets managed for other business units within the Great West group of companies
        ($23.7 billion at December 31, 2025).

Sales
Europe sales for the second quarter of 2026 increased compared to the same period last year. Key drivers were:
    •     Group Benefits (Insured) sales increased by $46 million, due to higher Irish group risk and health sales;
    •     Insurance & Annuities sales increased by $1,290 million, due to strong bulk and individual annuity sales in the U.K.;
          and
    •     The positive impact of currency movements across all lines of business.
Europe sales for the six months ended June 30, 2026 increased compared to the same period last year, due to the same
reasons discussed for the in-quarter results. Key drivers were:
    •     Group Benefits (Insured) sales increased by $68 million;
    •     Insurance & Annuities sales increased by $1,294 million; and
 • The positive impact of currency movements across all lines of business.
Net asset flows
In the second quarter of 2026, net asset inflows were $3.1 billion compared to net asset outflows of $2.0 billion for the
same quarter last year, primarily due to strong net wealth inflows in individual pension and savings and retirement. Net
outflows in the same quarter last year were primarily due to an institutional client withdrawal in Ireland.
For the six months ended June 30, 2026, net asset inflows were $7.8 billion compared to net asset inflows of $0.4 billion
for the same period last year. The increase was due to the same reasons discussed for the in-quarter results.



                                                                                 Great-West Lifeco Inc. Second Quarter 2026 Management's Discussion and Analysis             16

                                         P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                                    B  17
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis



                                  3.4             Capital and Risk Solutions
                                  The Capital and Risk Solutions segment primarily includes Great West's reinsurance business and an allocation of a
                                  portion of Great West's Corporate results.
                                  Selected Financial Information
                                      Base earnings and net earnings
                                                                                                                      Q2-2026             Q2-2025        % Change            YTD-2026         YTD-2025   % Change
                                      Base earnings (loss)1
                                          Reinsurance                                                            $           290 $              213             36 % $                570 $       410        39 %
                                          Earnings on surplus                                                                 20                 16             25 %                   40          32        25 %
                                      Base earnings (loss)1                                                      $           310 $              229             35 % $                610 $       442        38 %
                                        Items excluded from base earnings1                                                    (5)               (35)            86 %                   48         (64)        nmf
                                      Net earnings - common shareholders                                         $           305 $              194             57 % $                658 $       378        74 %

                                  1       This metric is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details.

                                  Base and net earnings
                                  Net earnings for the second quarter of 2026 increased by $111 million compared to the same quarter last year. Base
                                  earnings for the second quarter of 2026 increased by $81 million compared to the same quarter last year, due to Capital
                                  Solutions new business growth.
                                  Items excluded from base earnings for the second quarter of 2026 were negative $5 million compared to negative $35
                                  million for the same quarter last year, primarily due to improved market experience relative to expectations from changes
                                  to interest rates compared to the prior year.




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  For the six months ended June 30, 2026, net earnings increased by $280 million compared to the same period last year.
                                  Base earnings for the six months ended June 30, 2026 increased by $168 million compared to the same period last year
                                  primarily due to Capital Solutions new business growth and favourable Risk Solutions experience.
                                  Items excluded from base earnings for the six months ended June 30, 2026 were positive $48 million compared to
                                  negative $64 million for the same period last year, primarily due to:
                                      •     Positive impact from a management action relating to the U.S. life business in the first quarter of 2026; and
                                      •     Improved market experience relative to expectations from changes to interest rates compared to the same period last
                                            year.

                                      Additional financial information
                                                                                                                Q2-2026               Q2-2025        % Change               YTD-2026          YTD-2025   % Change
                                      Run-rate insurance results by product1
                                        Capital Solutions                                                $             196 $                127             54 % $                  365 $          246        48 %
                                        Risk Solutions (excl. P&C2)                                                     88                   92             (4)%                    177            184        (4)%
                                        P&C2 and other                                                                  17                   21            (19)%                     34             39       (13)%
                                      Total run-rate insurance results1                                  $             301 $                240             25 % $                  576 $          469       23 %


                                                                                                                                                                             June 30, December 31,
                                      As at                                                                                                                                     2026         2025        % Change
                                      Total balance sheet assets                                                                                                      $         11,950 $        11,694        2%
                                      Contractual service margin
                                        Reinsurance - Non-Participating                                                                                               $           2,342 $        2,430       (4)%
                                          Reinsurance - Participating                                                                                                                 1              1       —%
                                      Contractual service margin                                                                                                      $           2,343 $        2,431        (4)%

                                  1       This metric is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details.
                                  2       Refer to the "Glossary" section of this document for the definition of P&C.

                                  3.5             Corporate
                                  The Corporate segment includes operating results for activities of Great West that are not associated with the major
                                  business units of the Company. These items include:
                                  •         Certain overhead expenses, earnings on surplus, financing charges and related taxes not directly associated with the
                                            operations of the major business units of the Company;


                                                                                                                 Great-West Lifeco Inc. Second Quarter 2026 Management's Discussion and Analysis                17

                                  B  18                                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
Management's Discussion and Analysis


•         The results of PanAgora Asset Management;
•         Dividend income from shareholdings in Franklin Resources, Inc. (Franklin Templeton); and
•         The results of the U.S. legacy insurance portfolio including a retained block of life insurance, predominately
          participating policies, which are now administered by Protective Life, as well as a closed life retrocession block and
          guaranteed lifetime withdrawal benefit (GLWB) product.
Selected Financial Information - Corporate
                                                                                    Q2-2026             Q2-2025       % Change    YTD-2026    YTD-2025    % Change
    Base earnings (loss)1                                                      $       (105) $              (58)          (81)% $     (221) $     (161)       (37)%
      Items excluded from base earnings                                                 (38)                  72            nmf        (46)          45         nmf
    Net earnings (loss) - common shareholders                                  $       (143) $                14            nmf $     (267) $     (116)     <(100)%

1       This metric is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details.

In the second quarter of 2026, Corporate had a net loss of $143 million compared to net earnings of $14 million for the
same quarter last year. Base loss of $105 million increased by $47 million compared to the same quarter last year,
primarily due to:
    •     Lower tax benefits resulting from changes in certain tax estimates recognized in the previous year; and
    •     Higher corporate shared service expenses;
    •     Partially offset by favourable contributions from PanAgora.
Items excluded from base earnings for the second quarter of 2026 of negative $38 million was compared to positive $72
million for the same quarter last year, due to:




                                                                                                                                                                         PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
    •     Business transformation impacts due to provision releases related to the 2003 acquisition of Canada Life Financial
          Corporation from the prior year; and
    •     Impact of equity market movements.
For the six months ended June 30, 2026, Corporate had a net loss of $267 million compared to a net loss of $116 million
for the same period last year. Base loss of $221 million increased by $60 million compared to the same period last year,
primarily driven by similar reasons as discussed above for in-quarter results.
For the six months ended June 30, 2026, items excluded from base earnings were negative $46 million compared to
positive $45 million for the same period last year, primarily due to:
    •     Business transformation impacts due to provision releases related to the 2003 acquisition of Canada Life Financial
          Corporation from prior year;
    •     Impact of equity market movements; and
    •     Unfavourable assumption changes and management actions.




                                                                               Great-West Lifeco Inc. Second Quarter 2026 Management's Discussion and Analysis      18

                                       P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                             B  19
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis



                                  4. Consolidated Financial Position

                                  4.1        Assets
                                  As at                                                                                   Par         Non-Par                     June 30, 2026           December 31, 2025
                                  Cash and cash equivalents                                                   $             — $           9,923      $                        9,923   $               8,902
                                  Bonds - Public1                                                                     24,298           119,858                            144,156                  138,726
                                  Bonds - Private                                                                     10,338             26,083                             36,421                  35,742
                                  Mortgage loans                                                                      12,227             24,351                             36,578                  36,873
                                  Stocks                                                                              12,641              9,464                             22,105                  21,515
                                  Investment properties                                                                5,930              2,717                               8,647                   8,293
                                  Invested assets                                                             $       65,434 $         192,396       $                    257,830     $            250,051
                                  Insurance contract assets                                                                                                                   1,586                   1,571
                                  Reinsurance contract held assets                                                                                                          16,755                  16,850
                                  Goodwill and intangible assets                                                                                                            16,482                  16,195
                                  Other assets                                                                                                                             27,139                   26,992
                                  Investments on account of segregated fund policyholders                                                                                 626,219                  551,169
                                  Total assets                                                                                                       $                    946,011     $            862,828

                                  1 Included in Non-Participating and Participating Bonds - Public are 144A debt securities and similar exempt-market bonds.


                                  Invested Assets
                                  The Company manages its general fund assets to support the cash flow, liquidity and profitability requirements of the




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  Company's insurance and investment products. The Company's investment policies are designed to be prudent and
                                  conservative, so that assets are not unduly exposed to concentration, credit or market risks. Within the framework of the
                                  Company’s policies, the Company implements strategies and reviews and adjusts them on an ongoing basis considering
                                  liability cash flows and capital market conditions. The majority of investments of the general fund are in medium-term and
                                  long-term fixed-income investments, primarily bonds and mortgages, reflecting the characteristics of the Company’s
                                  liabilities.
                                  Bond portfolio
                                  It is the Company's policy to acquire primarily investment grade bonds subject to prudent and well-defined investment
                                  policies. Modest investments in below investment grade rated securities may occur while not changing the overall
                                  discipline and conservative approach to the investment strategy. The total bond portfolio, including short-term investments,
                                  was $180.6 billion or 70% of invested assets at June 30, 2026 compared to $174.5 billion or 70% at December 31, 2025.
                                  The increase in the bond portfolio was primarily due to higher bond volumes in Canada and the strengthening of the U.S.
                                  dollar, Euro, and British pound relative to the Canadian dollar.
                                  The overall quality of the bond portfolio remained high, with 98% of the portfolio rated investment grade, unchanged from
                                  December 31, 2025, and 70% rated A or higher. As at June 30, 2026 private bonds represent 14% of invested assets,
                                  consistent with December 31, 2025, private bonds are predominately investment-grade (96%) and are heavily weighted
                                  towards infrastructure sectors.
                                  Bond credit ratings reflect bond rating agency activity up to June 30, 2026. Management continues to closely monitor
                                  bond rating agency activity and general market conditions.
                                  Public Bonds reflect fixed income securities that are actively traded by retail or institutional investors, while Private Bonds
                                  are all other fixed income securities.




                                                                                                          Great-West Lifeco Inc. Second Quarter 2026 Management's Discussion and Analysis                19

                                  B  20                                             P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
Management's Discussion and Analysis



Bond portfolio by credit quality (as at)                                                                                     June 30, 2026            December 31, 2025
Public1                                                                                                                     Total    %                      Total      %
     AAA                                                                                                 $                 25,514    18 % $               26,005       19 %
     AA                                                                                                                    31,962    22 %                 29,138       20 %
    A                                                                                                                     51,573      36 %                49,602        36 %
    BBB                                                                                                                   33,785      23 %                32,792        24 %
    BB or lower                                                                                                            1,322       1%                  1,189         1%
Total Public                                                                                             $               144,156     100 % $             138,726       100 %
Private2
    AAA                                                                                                  $                    419     1% $                   594        2%
    AA                                                                                                                      2,990     8%                   3,024        8%
    A                                                                                                                      14,407    40 %                 13,740       38 %
     BBB                                                                                                                   16,989    47 %                 16,684       47 %
     BB or lower                                                                                                            1,616     4%                   1,700        5%
Total Private                                                                                            $                 36,421    100 % $              35,742       100 %
Total Bonds                                                                                              $               180,577             $           174,468

1 Included in Bonds - Public are 144A debt securities and similar exempt-market bonds.

2 Includes public, private and internal ratings. Ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks on the value of securities and are subject to revision or

 withdrawal at any time. See also “Credit Risk” in the Risk Management section of the Company's 2025 Annual MD&A.

Bond Geographic Breakdown (as at)                                                                                            June 30, 2026            December 31, 2025
Government, government-related and agency securitized bonds                                                                  Total    %                      Total      %
     U.S.                                                                                                $                  9,622    20 % $               10,391       21 %




                                                                                                                                                                                 PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
     Canada                                                                                                                17,294    36 %                 17,659       37 %
     Europe                                                                                                                18,491    38 %                 17,313       36 %
   All Other                                                                                                                2,998      6%                  3,042         6%
Total                                                                                                    $                 48,405    100 % $              48,405       100 %
Corporate and Non-Agency Securitized Bonds
     U.S.                                                                                                $                 72,458    55 % $               68,067       54 %
     Canada                                                                                                                24,448    18 %                 23,331       18 %
     Europe                                                                                                                29,103    22 %                 28,863       23 %
     All Other                                                                                                              6,163     5%                   5,802        5%
Total                                                                                                    $               132,172     100 % $             126,063       100 %
Total Bonds                                                                                              $               180,577             $           174,468

Corporate and Non-Agency Securitized Bonds by Industry (as at)                                                               June 30, 2026            December 31, 2025
Corporate                                                                                                                    Total     %                  Total     %
     Electric Utilities                                                                                  $                 19,307    15 % $               18,645       15 %
     Consumer Products                                                                                                     17,156    13 %                 16,057       12 %
     Industrial Products                                                                                                   13,701    10 %                 13,053       10 %
     Banks                                                                                                                  6,889     5%                   7,372        6%
     Financial Services                                                                                                    11,502     9%                  10,369        8%
     Real Estate                                                                                                            7,211     5%                    7,283       6%
     Transportation                                                                                                         8,718     7%                    8,172       6%
     Energy                                                                                                                 8,697     7%                    8,295       7%
     Technology                                                                                                             6,524     5%                    5,966       5%
     Communications                                                                                                         5,169     4%                    4,473       4%
     Gas Utilities                                                                                                          4,102     3%                    4,004       3%
     Auto & Auto Parts                                                                                                      3,318     2%                    2,907       2%
     Other Utilities                                                                                                        3,406     3%                    3,433       3%
Non-Agency Securitized
   CMBS                                                                                                                     3,318     2%                   3,528        3%
     RMBS                                                                                                                     112    —%                      113       —%
     Other ABS                                                                                                             13,042    10 %                 12,393       10 %
Total                                                                                                    $               132,172     100 % $             126,063       100 %




                                                                             Great-West Lifeco Inc. Second Quarter 2026 Management's Discussion and Analysis                20

                                     P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                                     B  21
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis


                                  Mortgage portfolio
                                  It is the Company’s practice to acquire high quality commercial mortgages meeting strict underwriting standards and
                                  diversification criteria. The Company has a well-defined risk-rating system, which it uses in its underwriting and credit
                                  monitoring processes for commercial loans. The majority of commercial mortgages held in the Europe segment are
                                  carried at amortized cost and therefore do not have fair value movements recorded on these holdings. The Canada,
                                  Europe and Capital and Risk Solutions segments also hold equity release mortgages within the mortgage portfolio. Equity
                                  release mortgages are loans provided to people who want to continue living in their homes while accessing some of the
                                  underlying equity value in their homes. Loans are typically repaid when the home is no longer occupied by the borrower.

                                  Mortgage loans (as at)                                                                                     June 30, 2026                  December 31, 2025
                                  By type                         Par                       Non-Par                                          Total    %                         Total    %
                                     Single family residential    $                 394     $                    124      $                    518     1% $                      765      2%
                                     Multi-family residential                    4,158                        5,138                          9,296         25 %                9,333    25 %
                                     Equity release                                667                        5,230                          5,897         16 %                5,664    16 %
                                     Commercial                                  7,008                       13,859                         20,867         58 %               21,111    57 %
                                  Total                           $             12,227      $                24,351       $                 36,578        100 % $             36,873    100 %

                                  Mortgage loans (as at)                                                                                     June 30, 2026                  December 31, 2025
                                  By geography                                                                                               Total    %                         Total    %
                                     Canada                                                                               $                 13,707         37 % $             13,953    38 %
                                     U.S.                                                                                                   10,363         28 %               10,537    29 %
                                     Europe                                                                                                 12,295         35 %               12,179    33 %
                                     All Other                                                                                                 213         —%                    204    —%




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  Total                                                                                   $                 36,578        100 % $             36,873    100 %


                                  The total mortgage portfolio was $36.6 billion or 14% of invested assets at June 30, 2026, compared to $36.9 billion or
                                  15% of invested assets at December 31, 2025. At June 30, 2026, total par loans were $12.2 billion or 33% of the
                                  mortgage portfolio, compared to $12.3 billion or 33% at December 31, 2025, and total non-par loans were $24.4 billion or
                                  67% of the mortgage portfolio, compared to $24.5 billion or 67% at December 31, 2025.
                                  The mortgage portfolio, excluding single-family and equity-release mortgages, has a weighted-average loan-to-value of
                                  57%, with insured loans representing 8% of total mortgage balances, all of which are Canadian-insured. Approximately
                                  89% of single-family mortgages are fixed-rate, while 99% of commercial and multi-family mortgages are fixed-rate.
                                  Stocks
                                  Stock Geographic Breakdown (as at)                                                                           June 30, 2026                December 31, 2025
                                  Publicly Traded Stocks                                                                                       Total     %                      Total     %
                                    Canada                                                                                 $                 10,339         74 % $             10,887   76 %
                                    U.S.                                                                                                      3,186         22 %                3,095   21 %
                                    Europe                                                                                                      367         3%                    269     2%
                                    All Other                                                                                                   149         1%                    109     1%
                                  Total Publicly Traded Stocks                                                             $                 14,041       100 % $              14,360   100 %
                                  Privately Held Stocks
                                    Canada                                                                                 $                  2,633         33 % $              2,235   31 %
                                    U.S.                                                                                                      4,261         53 %                3,783   53 %
                                    Europe                                                                                                      520         6%                    500     7%
                                    All Other                                                                                                   650         8%                    637     9%
                                  Total Privately Held Stocks                                                              $                  8,064       100 % $               7,155   100 %
                                  Total Stocks                                                                             $                 22,105                     $      21,515

                                  The total stock portfolio was $22.1 billion or 9% of invested assets at June 30, 2026, compared to $21.5 billion or 9% of
                                  invested assets at December 31, 2025. At June 30, 2026, publicly traded stocks and privately held stocks were $14.0
                                  billion and $8.1 billion, respectively, compared to $14.4 billion and $7.2 billion at December 31, 2025.




                                                                                              Great-West Lifeco Inc. Second Quarter 2026 Management's Discussion and Analysis              21

                                  B  22                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
Management's Discussion and Analysis


Privately held stocks primarily consist of investments in investment funds, including private equity, infrastructure, and other
alternative asset strategies.
Investment Properties
Investment properties (as at)                                                                                         June 30, 2026               December 31, 2025
By type                                                                                                               Total    %                       Total   %
  Industrial                                                                                       $                  2,909    34 % $                 2,745    33 %
  Office                                                                                                              1,719      20 %                 1,575     19 %
  Multi-family                                                                                                        2,211      26 %                 2,172     26 %
  Retail                                                                                                              1,073      12 %                 1,059     13 %
  Other                                                                                                                 735       8%                    742      9%
Total investment properties                                                                        $                  8,647     100 % $               8,293    100 %

Investment properties (as at)                                                                                        June 30, 2026                December 31, 2025
By segment                                                                                                           Total    %                       Total    %
  U.S.                                                                                            $                     17    —% $                      16     —%
  Canada - Participating                                                                                              5,929      69 %                 5,629     68 %
  Canada - Non-Participating                                                                                            890      10 %                   849     10 %
  Europe                                                                                                              1,811      21 %                 1,799     22 %
Total investment properties                                                                       $                   8,647     100 % $               8,293    100 %

The total investment property portfolio was $8.6 billion or 3% of invested assets at June 30, 2026, compared to $8.3 billion
or 3% of invested assets at December 31, 2025.
Investment property holdings are well diversified by property type, with a weighted average lease term exceeding 6 years.




                                                                                                                                                                        PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
4.2          Liabilities
Liabilities (as at)                                                                                                           June 30, 2026       December 31, 2025
Insurance contract liabilities                                                                                   $                 165,772    $            161,644
Investment contract liabilities                                                                                                     91,271                     89,042
Reinsurance contract held liabilities                                                                                                  860                        919
 Debentures and other debt instruments                                                                                               8,965                      8,792
 Other general fund liabilities                                                                                                     18,322                     18,259
Insurance contracts on account of segregated fund policyholders                                                                     74,839                     70,418
Investment contracts on account of segregated fund policyholders                                                                   551,380                    480,751
Total liabilities                                                                                                $                 911,409    $               829,825

Insurance and investment contract liabilities represent the amounts that, together with estimated future premiums and
investment income, will be sufficient to pay estimated future benefits, dividends and expenses on policies in-force.
Insurance and investment contract liabilities are determined using generally accepted actuarial practices, according to
standards established by the Canadian Institute of Actuaries. Also, refer to the "Summary of Critical Accounting Estimates"
section of the Company's Annual MD&A for the year ended December 31, 2025 for details on valuation methods and
assumptions.
Total liabilities increased by $81.6 billion to $911.4 billion at June 30, 2026 from December 31, 2025. Key drivers were:
 •    Insurance contract liabilities increased by $4.1 billion. The increase was primarily due to:
         •    The impact of market movements and currency movements;
         •    Partially offset by normal business movements.
 •    Investment contract liabilities increased by $2.2 billion. The increase was primarily due to
         •    Impact of currency movements and market movements;
         •    Partially offset by normal business movements.
 •    Insurance and investment contracts on account of segregated fund policyholders increased by $75.1 billion. The
      increase was primarily due to:
         •    Net deposits of $15.3 billion;
         •    The impact of currency movement of $11.4 billion; and
         •    An increase in non-controlling mutual fund interest of $2.8 billion;
         •    Impact of market value gains and investment income of $45.6 billion.

                                                                      Great-West Lifeco Inc. Second Quarter 2026 Management's Discussion and Analysis              22

                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                                     B  23
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis


                                  Contractual Service Margin
                                  The CSM of a group of insurance contracts represents the unearned profit that the Company expects to recognize in the
                                  future as it provides services under those contracts. On initial recognition of a group of insurance contracts, if the total of
                                  the fulfilment cash flows, any derecognized assets for insurance acquisition cash flows and any cash flows arising at that
                                  date is a net inflow, then the group is classified as non-onerous. For non-onerous contracts, the CSM is measured as the
                                  equal and opposite amount of the net inflow, which results in no income or expenses arising on initial recognition.
                                  If the total present value is a net outflow, then the group of insurance contracts is onerous. In this case, the net outflow is
                                  recognized as a loss in the current period. A loss component is created to depict any losses recognized in the current
                                  period, which determines the amounts that are subsequently recognized in future periods as reversals on onerous groups.

                                      Contractual service margin continuity1
                                                                                       Non-Participating (excluding Segregated Funds)
                                                                                                                        Capital
                                                                                      United                          and Risk                                               Seg
                                                                                      States    Canada      Europe Solutions       Total                                   Funds      Participating       Total
                                      CSM beginning of period,                    $        60     $       513      $     3,866      $      2,430      $    6,869      $     3,175     $      3,486    $ 13,530
                                      December 31, 2025
                                         Impact of new insurance business                  —                11              142                46            199                63              51          313
                                         Expected movements from asset                     —                  8              48                32              88               75             101          264
                                         returns & locked-in rates
                                         CSM recognized for services                        (3)            (29)            (174)            (151)          (357)              (208)            (83)       (648)
                                         provided
                                         Insurance experience gains/losses                   2               (4)            (42)               —             (44)              (45)              3         (86)
                                      Organic CSM movement                        $         (1) $          (14) $           (26) $            (73) $       (114)      $       (115) $           72    $   (157)




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                         Impact of markets                                 —                —                 —                —               —               197             (28)         169
                                         Impact of changes in assumptions                  —                —                 (7)             (50)           (57)              (10)            (33)       (100)
                                         and management actions
                                         Currency impact                                     2              —                49                35              86                 7              7          100
                                      Total CSM movement                          $          1    $        (14) $            16     $         (88) $         (85)     $         79    $         18    $      12
                                      CSM end of period, June 30, 2026            $        61     $       499      $     3,882      $      2,342      $    6,784      $     3,254     $      3,504    $ 13,542

                                  1    The CSM shown in the above table is presented net of reinsurance contracts held and includes CSM attributed to insurance contract assets and insurance contract
                                       liabilities.

                                  Further detail on the assumption changes and management actions on non-participating business is provided in the
                                  "Assumption Changes and Management Actions" section of this document.
                                  4.3          Great West Capital Structure
                                  In establishing the appropriate mix of capital required to support the operations of the Company and its subsidiaries,
                                  management utilizes a variety of debt, equity and other hybrid instruments considering both the short and long-term
                                  capital needs of the Company.
                                  Debentures and Other Debt Instruments
                                  At June 30, 2026, debentures and other debt instruments increased by $173 million to $8,965 million compared to
                                  December 31, 2025, primarily due to the impact of currency movements.
                                  On July 7, 2026, the Company issued €500 million 7-year bonds and will pay an annual coupon of 3.625%, priced at
                                  99.575% of par to yield 3.695%. The bonds are listed on the Official List of Euronext Dublin and are admitted to trading on
                                  the Global Exchange Market of Euronext Dublin.
                                  Share Capital and Surplus
                                  Share capital outstanding at June 30, 2026 was $10.6 billion, which comprises $6.0 billion of common shares, $3.1 billion
                                  of preferred shares and $1.5 billion Limited Recourse Capital Notes (LRCN Series 1). Preferred shares included $2.87
                                  billion of non-cumulative First Preferred Shares and $250 million of non-cumulative 5-year rate reset First Preferred
                                  Shares.
                                  As at July 24, 2026, Great West had 895.2 million common shares, 124.8 million First Preferred Shares, and 14.1 million
                                  options to acquire common shares outstanding.
                                  On June 22, 2026, the Company issued 8,000,000, 5.70% Non-Cumulative First Preferred Shares, Series 24 at $25.00
                                  per share for gross proceeds of $200 million. Transaction costs incurred in connection with the preferred share issue of $4
                                  million ($3 million after-tax) were charged to accumulated surplus.

                                                                                                            Great-West Lifeco Inc. Second Quarter 2026 Management's Discussion and Analysis                       23

                                  B  24                                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
Management's Discussion and Analysis


On January 2, 2026, the Company announced the renewal of its NCIB commencing January 6, 2026 and terminating
January 5, 2027 to purchase for cancellation up to, but not more than, 20,000,000 of its common shares at market prices.
The renewed NCIB continues to permit the Company to purchase its shares from Power Financial Corporation and certain
of its wholly-owned subsidiaries (collectively, PFC) in order for PFC to approximately maintain its proportionate
percentage ownership in the Company.
During the first quarter of 2026, the Company entered into an automatic purchase plan (APP) with a designated broker to
facilitate repurchases of common shares under the NCIB, including at times when the Company would ordinarily not be
permitted to make purchases due to regulatory restrictions or self-imposed blackout periods. As at June 30, 2026, no
obligation for the repurchase of shares under the APP was recognized.
During the six months ended June 30, 2026, the Company repurchased and subsequently cancelled approximately
13.4 million common shares under the NCIB at an average cost per share of $69.06. For further information on the
Company's share capital movements, refer to note 11 of the Company's financial statements for the period ended
June 30, 2026.
On July 28, 2026, the Company announced an amendment to its current NCIB to increase the maximum number of
common shares that may be repurchased from 20,000,000 common shares to 40,000,000 common shares. The
amendment is expected to become effective on July 31, 2026. Under the amended NCIB, Great West may, from January
6, 2026 to January 5, 2027, purchase up to 40,000,000 common shares for cancellation.

5. Capital Management and Liquidity

5.1     Capital Management and Adequacy
The Board of Directors approves the Company’s annual capital plan and related capital actions to ensure the Company




                                                                                                                                                            PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
maintains adequate capital aligned with its strategy, risk profile and business plans. Management is responsible for
monitoring consolidated capital levels, deploying capital across operating subsidiaries in accordance with regulatory
requirements, internal capital assessments and strategic considerations, and utilizing reinsurance to support capital and
risk management. Great West's subsidiary, The Canada Life Assurance Company and its subsidiaries, report regulatory
capital on a consolidated basis in accordance with OSFI's Life Insurance Capital Adequacy Test, whereas Great West's
subsidiaries in the United States report Risk Based Capital (RBC). Additionally, entities based in Europe also separately
report regulatory capital on a Solvency II and Solvency U.K. basis.
As at June 30, 2026, all subsidiaries were well capitalized and in compliance with applicable regulatory capital
requirements.
I. LICAT Ratio
In Canada, OSFI has established a regulatory capital adequacy measurement for life insurance companies incorporated
under the Insurance Companies Act (Canada) and their subsidiaries, known as the LICAT.
The LICAT Ratio compares the regulatory capital resources of a company to its required capital. The required capital is
calibrated so that a life insurer can both withstand severe stress events and support the continuity of existing business.
The LICAT guideline uses a risk-based approach for measuring specific life insurer risks and for aggregating the results to
calculate the amount of a life insurer's capital requirements.
OSFI has established a Supervisory Target Total Ratio of 100% and a Supervisory Minimum Total Ratio of 90%. The
Canada Life Assurance Company is operating well above these supervisory ratios.




                                                                  Great-West Lifeco Inc. Second Quarter 2026 Management's Discussion and Analysis      24

                          P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                             B  25
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis


                                  The following provides a summary of the LICAT information and ratios for Canada Life:
                                      LICAT Ratio
                                      As at                                                                                                                          June 30, 2026           December 31, 2025
                                       Tier 1 Capital                                                                                                      $                21,148       $              21,061
                                       Tier 2 Capital                                                                                                                            7,702                   7,667
                                       Total Available Capital                                                                                             $                    28,850   $              28,728
                                       Surplus Allowance & Eligible Deposits                                                                                                     5,127                   5,155
                                      Total capital resources                                                                                              $                    33,977   $              33,883
                                      Required capital                                                                                                     $                    26,581   $              26,541
                                      Capital margin1                                                                                                                            7,396                   7,342
                                      Total Ratio (OSFI Supervisory Target = 100%)2                                                                                              128%                    128%

                                  1    Capital Margin = Total capital resources less required capital
                                  2    Total Ratio (%) = (Total Capital Resources / Required Capital)


                                  The Canada Life Assurance Company's consolidated LICAT Ratio remains stable at June 30, 2026 at 128%. The LICAT
                                  Ratio does not take into account any impact from $2.5 billion of liquidity at the Great West holding company level at
                                  June 30, 2026 ($2.1 billion at December 31, 2025).
                                  II. RBC Ratio
                                  In the U.S, the National Association of Insurance Commissioners (NAIC) has established Risk-Based Capital (RBC) as a
                                  regulatory capital adequacy measurement. Empower, Great West’s U.S. operating company, reports its RBC ratio
                                  annually to U.S. insurance regulators. The RBC ratio is for information only and is not intended as a means to rank




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  insurers or for any other purpose. As at June 30, 2026, the ratio was estimated to be above 450%.
                                  III. Solvency II and Solvency U.K.
                                  Furthermore, subsidiaries of The Canada Life Assurance Company based in Europe are subject to local solvency capital
                                  regimes (Solvency II and Solvency U.K.). As at June 30, 2026, all European regulated entities met the capital and
                                  solvency requirements as prescribed under Solvency II and Solvency U.K.
                                  IV. Financial Leverage Ratio
                                  The financial leverage ratio is used to measure the Company's financial strength, solvency and capital adequacy and is
                                  calculated as the aggregate of debt, hybrid securities, and preferred shares divided by total equity plus after-tax non-
                                  participating CSM, excluding CSM associated with segregated fund guarantees.
                                  The following provides a summary of the financial leverage ratio of the Company:

                                      As at                                                                                                                          June 30, 2026           December 31, 2025
                                      Financial Leverage                                                                                                   $                13,585       $              13,212
                                      Total equity                                                                                                                              29,982                  28,583
                                      CSM (non-par, excluding seg funds) (after-tax)1                                                                                            5,990                   6,083
                                      Financial Leverage Ratio2                                                                                                                    27%                    28%

                                  1    After-tax CSM reflects taxation at the relevant statutory rate, subject to a minimum rate of 15%, where applicable.
                                  2    This metric is a non-GAAP ratio. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details.


                                  The Company’s financial leverage ratio was 27% at June 30, 2026, compared to 28% at December 31, 2025. The
                                  decrease reflects growth in equity from gains on stocks measured at fair value through other comprehensive income,
                                  partially offset by an increase in leverage from the issuance of $200 million Non-Cumulative First Preferred Shares, Series
                                  24, and currency movements.




                                                                                                              Great-West Lifeco Inc. Second Quarter 2026 Management's Discussion and Analysis                25

                                  B  26                                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
Management's Discussion and Analysis



5.2          Liquidity
The Company’s liquidity requirements are largely self-funded, with short-term obligations being met by internal funds and
maintaining levels of liquid assets that can be converted to cash in less than 12 months to adequately settle obligations as
they come due. The Company also closely manages operating liquidity through cash flow matching of assets and liabilities
and forecasting earned and required yields, to ensure consistency between policyholder requirements and the yield of
assets.
Furthermore, management closely monitors the solvency and capital positions of its principal subsidiaries opposite
liquidity requirements at the holding company. Additional liquidity is available through established lines of credit or via
capital market transactions. The Company maintains committed lines of credit with Canadian Chartered banks. Refer to
Note 6(b) in the Company’s June 30, 2026 financial statements for additional detail.
The Company does not have a formal common shareholder dividend policy. The Company maintains a target dividend
payout ratio of 45% to 55% of base earnings, and takes this range into account when making dividend decisions.
Dividends on outstanding common shares of the Company are declared and paid at the sole discretion of the Board of the
Company. The decision to declare a dividend on the common shares of the Company takes into account a variety of
factors including the level of earnings, adequacy of capital and availability of cash resources.
As a holding company, the ability to pay dividends and, in part, its ability to deploy capital is dependent upon the Company
receiving dividends from its operating subsidiaries. The Company’s operating subsidiaries are subject to regulations in a
number of jurisdictions, each of which maintains its own regime for determining the amount of capital that must be held in
connection with the different businesses it carries. The requirements imposed by the regulators in any jurisdiction may
change from time to time, and thereby impact the ability of the operating subsidiaries to pay dividends to the Company. In
the second quarter of 2026, the Company's main operating subsidiaries made cash payments to the holding company in
the form of dividends amounting to $1.2 billion ($0.5 billion in second quarter of 2025).




                                                                                                                                                                             PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
Liquidity risk is assessed and mitigated through prudent product design and contract terms and by maintaining a high
quality, diversified investment portfolio with sufficient liquidity to meet policyholder and financing obligations under normal
and stress conditions. Refer to the "Market and Liquidity Risk" section under "Risk Management" of the Company's 2025
annual MD&A for additional information.
5.3          Cash Flows
                                                                                           Q2-2026                     Q2-2025           YTD-2026            YTD-2025
    Cash flows relating to the following activities:
    Operations                                                                $                  721      $                1,485     $      2,828    $              1,318
    Financing                                                                                   (790)                       (914)          (1,987)                 (1,600)
    Investment                                                                                    (25)                        (12)            (51)                    (14)
                                                                                                  (94)                       559             790                     (296)
    Effects of changes in exchange rates on cash and cash
       equivalents                                                                               160                        (270)            231                     (181)
    Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents in the
       period                                                                                      66                        289            1,021                    (477)
    Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period                                             9,857                       9,943            8,902                  10,709
    Cash and cash equivalents, end of period                                  $                9,923      $              10,232      $      9,923    $             10,232
    Comprised of:
     Cash at the holding company level, Great West1                                            2,492                       2,086            2,492                   2,086
     Cash in operating subsidiaries2                                                           7,431                       8,146            7,431                   8,146
1    Cash at the holding company level is unencumbered and can be deployed for strategic purposes like business acquisitions, investments in subsidiaries, share
     buybacks or repayment of outstanding debt.
2    This balance is inclusive of cash in operating subsidiaries, which includes certain amounts held to satisfy regulatory or capital maintenance requirements.
The principal source of funds for the Company on a consolidated basis is cash provided by operating activities, including
insurance revenue, net investment income and fee income. These funds are used primarily to pay policy benefits,
policyholder dividends and claims, as well as operating expenses and commissions. The operations category on the
statement of cash flows also includes transfers and withdrawals by clients that are funded in part by the sale of assets for
cash. Cash flows generated by operations are mainly invested to support future liability cash requirements. Cash flows
related to financing activities include the issuance and repayment of capital instruments and associated dividends and
interest payments.




                                                                             Great-West Lifeco Inc. Second Quarter 2026 Management's Discussion and Analysis            26

                                     P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                                  B  27
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis


                                  In the second quarter of 2026, cash and cash equivalents increased by $66 million from March 31, 2026.
                                      •     Cash flows provided by operations activities was $721 million, a change of negative $764 million compared to the
                                            second quarter of 2025. The change was primarily net cash movements in portfolio investments, partially offset by net
                                            changes in insurance and investment contract assets and liabilities.
                                      •     Cash flows used by financing activities was $790 million, a change of positive $124 million compared to the second
                                            quarter of 2025. The change was primarily driven by the issuance of preferred shares, partially offset by fewer
                                            repurchases and subsequent cancellation of common shares compared to the same period last year.
                                      •     Cash flows used by investment activities was $25 million, a change of negative $13 million compared to the second
                                            quarter of 2025. The change was primarily due to investments in associates and joint ventures, net of distributions.
                                  For the six months ended June 30, 2026, cash and cash equivalents increased by $1,021 million from December 31,
                                  2025.
                                      •     Cash flows provided by operations activities were $2,828 million, change of positive $1,510 million compared to the
                                            same period last year, primarily due to same reasons discussed for the in-quarter results.
                                      •     Cash flows used by financing activities of $1,987 million, a change of negative $387 million were primarily driven by
                                            the repurchase and subsequent cancellation of common shares, partially offset by the issuance of preferred shares.
                                      •     Cash flows used by investment activities was $51 million, a change of negative $37 million compared to the same
                                            period last year.
                                  5.4             Commitments/Contractual Obligations
                                  Commitments and contractual obligations have changed from those disclosed in the Company's annual MD&A for the
                                  year ended December 31, 2025, due to the Company's agreement to acquire Milliman's retirement plan and benefits
                                  administration business for approximately US$340 million, which is expected to close in the second half of 2026, subject




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  to customary closing conditions and regulatory approvals. For additional information, refer to note 3 of the financial
                                  statements and the "Second Quarter Development Highlights" section of this MD&A.
                                  5.5             Return on Equity (ROE)
                                                                                                                                                                                  Q2-2026     Q2-2025
                                      Base ROE1 by segment
                                          United States                                                                                                                              22.2 %        18.6 %
                                          Canada                                                                                                                                     16.9 %        16.7 %
                                          Europe                                                                                                                                     19.6 %        17.4 %
                                          Capital and Risk Solutions                                                                                                                 42.6 %        42.1 %
                                      Great West base ROE1 excluding Corporate                                                                                                       22.0 %        19.7 %
                                      Consolidated base ROE1                                                                                                                         19.3 %        17.4 %
                                      ROE2 by segment
                                        United States                                                                                                                                19.5 %        17.0 %
                                          Canada                                                                                                                                     18.2 %        17.0 %
                                          Europe                                                                                                                                     13.6 %        13.7 %
                                          Capital and Risk Solutions                                                                                                                 42.9 %        28.3 %
                                      Great West ROE2 excluding Corporate                                                                                                            20.3 %        17.2 %
                                      Consolidated ROE2                                                                                                                              17.2 %        14.9 %
                                  1       This metric is a non-GAAP ratio. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details.
                                  2       Refer to the "Glossary" section of this document for additional details on the composition of this measure.


                                  The Company has a capital allocation methodology which tracks allocated capital required by each segment on a
                                  standalone basis.
                                  Great West's consolidated base ROE and consolidated ROE increased by 1.9 and 2.3 percentage points, respectively,
                                  compared to June 30, 2025. The increase was primarily driven by earnings growth, disciplined capital deployment, and
                                  share buybacks.




                                                                                                                 Great-West Lifeco Inc. Second Quarter 2026 Management's Discussion and Analysis       27

                                  B  28                                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
Management's Discussion and Analysis



5.6          Ratings
Great West and its operating companies maintain ratings from five independent ratings companies. Credit ratings1 are
intended to provide investors with an independent measure of the credit and securities quality of a corporation and are
indicators of the likelihood of payment and the capacity of a corporation to meet its obligations in accordance with the
terms of each obligation.
Great West and its major operating subsidiaries are assigned a group rating from each rating agency. This group rating is
predominantly supported by leading positions in the Canadian insurance market and competitive positions in the U.S. and
Europe. Each of Great West's operating companies benefit from the strong implicit financial support and collective
ownership by Great West.
In 2026, the existing credit ratings for Great West and its major operating subsidiaries were unchanged. As of June 30,
2026, all agency outlooks for Great West’s rated entities were unchanged at stable.
For a complete listing of credit ratings for Great-West Lifeco Inc. and its major operating subsidiaries, please refer to the
"Investor Relations" section of the Company's website at www.greatwestlifeco.com.

6. Risk Management

6.1          Risk Management Overview
The Company’s Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) Framework facilitates the alignment of business strategy with risk
appetite, informs and improves the deployment of capital; and supports the identification, mitigation and management of
exposure to potential losses and risk. The Company’s Risk Function is responsible for developing and maintaining the
Risk Appetite Framework (RAF), the supporting risk policies and risk limit structure, and provides independent risk




                                                                                                                                                                                    PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
oversight across the Company’s operations. The Board of Directors is ultimately accountable and responsible for the
Company's risk governance and associated risk policies. These include the ERM Policy, which establishes the guiding
principles of risk management, and the RAF, which reflects the levels and types of risk that the Company is willing to
accept to achieve its business objectives.
For the six months ended June 30, 2026, there were no significant changes to the Company's risk management and
control practices. Refer to the Company's 2025 Annual MD&A for a detailed description of the Company's risk
management and control practices.
6.2          Exposures and Sensitivities
Insurance and Investment Contract Liabilities
In determining the Company’s insurance contract liabilities, valuation assumptions are made regarding rates of mortality/
morbidity, investment returns, levels of operating expenses, rates of policy termination and rates of utilization of elective
policy options or provisions. When the assumptions are revised to reflect emerging experience or change in outlook, the
result is a change in the value of liabilities which in turn affects the Company’s earnings.
Financial Exposures and Sensitivities
The following table illustrates the approximate impact to the Company’s shareholders' net earnings that would arise as a
result of changes to management’s best estimate of certain assumptions. A description of the methodologies used to
calculate the Company's financial risk sensitivities is included in the "Accounting Policies - Summary of Critical Accounting
Estimates" section of the Company's annual MD&A for the year ended December 31, 2025. For changes in financial
assumptions, the sensitivity is shown net of the corresponding impact on earnings of the change in the value of liabilities
and the value of assets supporting liabilities. The sensitivities to shareholders' net earnings, shareholders' equity and CSM
to changes in financial assumptions shown below have been rounded to the nearest $25 million.
The impact to shareholders' net earnings from an immediate 50 basis point increase or decrease in credit spreads is
illustrated in the table below, with no change to the ultimate illiquidity premium. Actual impacts of credit spread changes
will vary depending on the geographies where the changes occur, and the changes in credit spreads by term. A change in
credit spreads may also lead to a change in the allowance for credit risk within the discount rate, depending on prevailing
market and credit conditions at the time; any potential earnings impacts that may arise from such a change are not
reflected in the sensitivities below.




1    These ratings are not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold the credit and securities of the Company or its subsidiaries and do not address market price or other
    factors that might determine suitability of a specific security for a particular investor. The ratings also may not reflect the potential impact of all risks on the value of
    securities and are subject to revision or withdrawal at any time by the rating agency.


                                                                              Great-West Lifeco Inc. Second Quarter 2026 Management's Discussion and Analysis                 28

                                      P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                                      B  29
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis



                                      Financial exposures and sensitivities
                                                                                                      Net earnings -
                                                                                                         common                    Shareholders'
                                                                                                       shareholders                    equity                         CSM1                       LICAT Ratio2
                                                                                                     Q2-2026 Q4-2025              Q2-2026 Q4-2025                Q2-2026 Q4-2025               Q2-2026 Q4-2025
                                      Investment returns:
                                         Change in risk-free interest rates
                                           50 basis points increase                              $         25 $           25 $           (25) $           — $            25 $            25 < (1 point)    (1 point)
                                           50 basis points decrease                                       (50)           (50)            (25)            (25)           (75)            (75) < 1 point     < 1 point
                                        Change in credit spreads
                                           50 basis points increase                              $       200 $           150 $          250 $           225 $            25 $            —       0 point < (1 point)
                                           50 basis points decrease                                     (225)           (200)          (325)           (300)            (50)            (50)     0 point     0 point
                                        Change in publicly traded common stock
                                          values1
                                            20% increase                                         $         50 $           75 $          525 $           500 $           425 $           400   < 1 point      0 point
                                            10% increase                                                   25             50            275             250             225             200      0 point     0 point
                                            10% decrease                                                  (25)           (50)          (275)           (250)           (225)           (200) < (1 point) < (1 point)
                                           20% decrease                                                   (50)           (75)          (550)           (525)           (450)           (400) < (1 point)   (1 point)
                                        Change in other non-fixed income asset values
                                           10% increase                               $                  600 $           550 $          650 $           600 $            25 $            25    < 1 point   < 1 point
                                           5% increase                                                   300             275            325             300              —               —     < 1 point     0 point
                                            5% decrease                                                 (325)           (300)          (350)           (325)            (25)             — < (1 point) < (1 point)
                                            10% decrease                                                (650)           (600)          (675)           (650)            (25)            (25) (1 point) (1 point)




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  1    The impacts to the total contractual service margin (CSM) are pre-tax.
                                  2    LICAT Ratio sensitivities should be viewed as directional estimates only of the underlying sensitivities for the respective factors. Given the nature of these
                                       calculations, the Company cannot provide assurance that the actual impact on the Canada Life consolidated LICAT Ratio will be as indicated. LICAT sensitivities
                                       are rounded to the nearest point.

                                  Actual impacts of interest rate changes will vary depending upon the geography where the changes occur. Net earnings
                                  are positively impacted by a parallel increase in interest rates and credit spreads in Canada and the United Kingdom, and
                                  are positively impacted by a parallel decrease in interest rates in the United States and eurozone. Actual impacts of
                                  interest rate changes also vary by the level of change in interest rates by term. Therefore, actual impacts from interest rate
                                  changes may differ materially from the estimated impact of parallel movements in all geographies, which is presented
                                  above.
                                  The sensitivities above reflect the immediate impacts of shareholders’ net earnings, shareholders’ equity and the LICAT
                                  Ratio from market movements. If there is a sustained change in investment markets, impacts on earnings, shareholders'
                                  equity and the LICAT Ratio will change over time, due to a combination of factors including the impact of a sustained
                                  change on the run-rate of base earnings.
                                  The additional sensitivities below illustrate the approximate impact to the Company’s base earnings that would be
                                  estimated to arise over a 12-month period as a result of immediate changes to risk-free interest rates and publicly traded
                                  common stock values. The sensitivities below are primarily reflected in asset-based fee income for the Company's
                                  Retirement and Wealth lines of business, earnings on surplus and general account spread margins. The sensitivities
                                  below assume no subsequent changes in interest rates and that equity markets achieve their expected returns thereafter.
                                  Under sustained changes to investment markets, impacts to asset reinvestments, and certain management actions and
                                  changes in policyholder behaviours are likely to occur, and are not reflected in the below sensitivities.
                                  The estimated impacts, rounded to the nearest $25 million, for the initial 12 months after the immediate change in interest
                                  rates and equity markets (impacts beyond this period may differ) would be as follows.
                                  •       A 50 basis points immediate parallel decrease (increase) in risk-free interest rates would decrease (increase) the
                                          Company's base earnings by approximately $75 million.
                                  •       A 10% immediate decrease (increase) in publicly traded common stock values would decrease (increase) the
                                          Company's base earnings by approximately $225 million.
                                  The potential impact on shareholders' net earnings of the Company does not take into account any future potential
                                  changes to the Company's ultimate investment rate (UIR) assumptions. As at both June 30, 2026 and December 31,
                                  2025, the sensitivity of shareholders' net earnings of the Company to a 10 basis point increase or decrease in the UIR in
                                  all geographies would be an increase of $10 million or a decrease of $10 million post-tax, respectively, when rounded to
                                  the nearest $10 million. In addition, as at both June 30, 2026 and December 31, 2025, the sensitivity of the CSM of the


                                                                                                             Great-West Lifeco Inc. Second Quarter 2026 Management's Discussion and Analysis                     29

                                  B  30                                                P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
Management's Discussion and Analysis


Company to a 10 basis point increase or decrease in the UIR in all geographies would be an increase of $50 million or a
decrease of $50 million pre-tax, respectively, when rounded to the nearest $25 million.
Refer to the "Accounting Policies - Summary of Critical Accounting Estimates" section of the Company's Annual MD&A for
the year ended December 31, 2025 for additional information on earnings sensitivities.

7. Accounting Policies
7.1   IFRS Accounting Standards
The Company actively monitors IFRS Accounting Standards changes proposed by the International Accounting Standards
Board (IASB) to assess if the changes to the standards may have an impact on the Company's results or operations.
Changes in Accounting Policies
The Company adopted the amendments to IFRS Accounting Standards for IFRS 9, Financial Instruments, and IFRS 7,
Financial Instruments: Disclosures effective January 1, 2026. The amendments clarify the classification of financial assets
with environmental, social and corporate governance and similar features, the settlement of liabilities through electronic
payment systems, and introduce additional disclosure requirements to enhance transparency for investors.
The amendments do not impact the financial statements of the Company, except as indicated below:
•   The Company applied the election permitted by the amendments to deem a financial liability (or part of a financial
    liability) that is settled using an electronic payment system to be derecognized before the settlement date if specified
    criteria are met. The Company applied this election to all settlements made through electronic payment systems
    meeting the criteria.
•   For cash settlement of financial liabilities that did not qualify for the election at period-end, the Company derecognized




                                                                                                                                                            PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
    the associated liabilities on the settlement date. The adoption of this amendment did not have a material impact on
    the Company’s financial statements.
These amendments are applied retrospectively with no restatement of comparative balances.
Future Accounting Policies
The Company actively monitors changes in IFRS Accounting Standards, both proposed and released, by the IASB for
potential impact on the Company. There have been no new standards issued and there have been no significant changes
to the future accounting policies, that are applicable to the Company, from those disclosed in the December 31, 2025
consolidated annual audited financial statements.
For additional detail, refer to note 2 of the Company’s financial statements for the period ended June 30, 2026.

8. Other Information
8.1   Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios
Non-GAAP Financial Measures
The Company uses several non-GAAP financial measures to measure overall performance of the Company and to assess
each of its business units. A financial measure is considered a non-GAAP measure for Canadian securities law purposes
if it is presented other than in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) used for the Company's
consolidated financial statements. The consolidated financial statements of the Company have been prepared in
compliance with IFRS Accounting Standards as issued by the IASB. Non-GAAP financial measures do not have a
standardized meaning under GAAP and may not be comparable to similar financial measures presented by other issuers.
Investors may find these financial measures useful in understanding how management views the underlying business
performance of the Company.
Base earnings (loss)
Base earnings (loss) reflect management’s view of the underlying business performance of the Company and provides an
alternate measure to understand the underlying business performance compared to net earnings.
Base earnings (loss) exclude the following items from net earnings:
•   Market-related impacts, where actual market returns in the current period are different than longer-term expected
    returns;
•   Assumption changes and management actions that impact the measurement of assets and liabilities;
•   Business transformation and other impacts, when removed, assist in explaining the Company's underlying business
    performance, including acquisition and divestiture costs and restructuring and integration costs;


                                                                  Great-West Lifeco Inc. Second Quarter 2026 Management's Discussion and Analysis      30

                          P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                             B  31
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis


                                  •    Material legal settlements, material impairment charges related to goodwill and intangible assets, impacts of income
                                       tax rate changes on the remeasurement of deferred tax assets and liabilities and other tax impairments, net gains,
                                       losses or costs related to the disposition or acquisition of a business; net earnings (loss) from discontinued
                                       operations;
                                  •    The direct equity and interest rate impacts on the measurement of surplus assets and liabilities;
                                  •    Amortization of acquisition related finite life intangible assets; and
                                  •    Other items that, when removed, assist in explaining the Company's underlying business performance.

                                                                                                                                                                                                      Q2-2026
                                                                                                                      U.S.         Canada             Europe                CRS         Corporate Great West
                                  Base earnings (loss)                                                      $          458 $             341 $             266 $             310 $          (105) $     1,270
                                  Items excluded from base earnings (loss)
                                      Market experience relative to expectations (pre-tax)                             (25)               (39)            (100)                   (9)        (49)        (222)
                                           Income tax (expense) benefit                                                   7                15                16                   4           12          54
                                      Assumption changes and management actions (pre-tax)                                —                  2               (27)                  —           —           (25)
                                           Income tax (expense) benefit                                                  —                 (1)                3                   —           —             2
                                      Business transformation and other impacts (pre-tax)                              (14)                (5)               10                   —           —            (9)
                                           Income tax (expense) benefit                                                   3                 2                (2)                  —           —             3
                                      Amortization of acquisition-related finite life intangibles
                                        (pre-tax)                                                                      (33)                (8)               (4)                  —            (2)        (47)
                                           Income tax (expense) benefit                                                  8                 3                 1                    —           1           13
                                      Tax legislative changes and other tax impacts (pre-tax)                            —                 —                 —                    —           —           —




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                           Income tax (expense) benefit                                                  —                 —                 —                    —           —            —
                                  Net earnings (loss) - common shareholders                                 $          404 $             310 $             163 $             305 $          (143) $     1,039

                                                                                                                                                                                                      Q2-2025
                                                                                                                      U.S.         Canada             Europe                CRS         Corporate Great West
                                  Base earnings (loss)                                                      $          341 $             375 $             262 $             229 $           (58) $     1,149
                                  Items excluded from base earnings (loss)
                                      Market experience relative to expectations (pre-tax)                               (3)               44             (139)               (31)            13         (116)
                                           Income tax (expense) benefit                                                  —                (19)               29                   4            (2)        12
                                      Assumption changes and management actions (pre-tax)                                —                 (1)               (1)                  (3)         —            (5)
                                           Income tax (expense) benefit                                                  —                 —                  1                   1           —             2
                                      Business transformation and other impacts (pre-tax)                                (9)            (192)               (42)                  (9)         71         (181)
                                           Income tax (expense) benefit                                                   3                53                10                   3            (9)        60
                                      Amortization of acquisition-related finite life intangibles
                                        (pre-tax)                                                                      (36)                (7)               (6)                  —           (2)         (51)
                                           Income tax (expense) benefit                                                  9                  2                 1                   —            1           13
                                      Tax legislative changes and other tax impacts (pre-tax)                           —                  —                 —                    —           —            —
                                           Income tax (expense) benefit                                                 —                  —                 11                   —           —            11
                                  Net earnings (loss) - common shareholders                                 $          305 $             255 $             126 $             194 $            14 $       894




                                                                                                        Great-West Lifeco Inc. Second Quarter 2026 Management's Discussion and Analysis                     31

                                  B  32                                           P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
Management's Discussion and Analysis



                                                                                                                                                                  YTD-2026
                                                                                     U.S.         Canada             Europe              CRS     Corporate Great West
Base earnings (loss)                                                       $          888 $             693 $             539 $          610 $          (221) $      2,509
Items excluded from base earnings (loss)
  Market experience relative to expectations (pre-tax)                                (74)               (24)             (84)            24              (34)        (192)
       Income tax (expense) benefit                                                    18                11                    8          (6)              9           40
  Assumption changes and management actions (pre-tax)                                   —                 (2)             (34)            38              (26)         (24)
       Income tax (expense) benefit                                                     —                 —                    5          (8)              7             4
  Business transformation and other impacts (pre-tax)                                 (34)                (3)             (14)            —               —            (51)
       Income tax (expense) benefit                                                      8                 1                   4          —               —            13
  Amortization of acquisition-related finite life intangibles
    (pre-tax)                                                                         (66)               (15)                  (8)        —                (3)         (92)
       Income tax (expense) benefit                                                    16                  5                    2         —                 1           24
  Tax legislative changes and other tax impacts (pre-tax)                               —                 —                     5         —               —              5
       Income tax (expense) benefit                                                     —                 —                    (5)        —               —             (5)
Net earnings (loss) - common shareholders                                  $          756 $             666 $             418 $          658 $          (267) $      2,231

                                                                                                                                                                  YTD-2025
                                                                                     U.S.         Canada             Europe              CRS     Corporate Great West
Base earnings (loss)                                                       $          706 $             691 $             501 $          442 $          (161) $      2,179
Items excluded from base earnings (loss)
  Market experience relative to expectations (pre-tax)                                  (1)              35              (186)           (66)             (11)        (229)




                                                                                                                                                                              PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
       Income tax (expense) benefit                                                     —                (20)              40             11                3          34
  Assumption changes and management actions (pre-tax)                                   —                 (1)             (33)            (4)              (9)         (47)
       Income tax (expense) benefit                                                     —                 —                    9           1                2          12
  Business transformation and other impacts (pre-tax)                                 (10)              (194)             (52)            (9)             71          (194)
       Income tax (expense) benefit                                                      3               54                12              3               (9)         63
  Amortization of acquisition-related finite life intangibles
    (pre-tax)                                                                         (74)               (13)             (11)            —               (4)         (102)
       Income tax (expense) benefit                                                    19                  4                2             —                2            27
  Tax legislative changes and other tax impacts (pre-tax)                              —                  —                —              —               —             —
       Income tax (expense) benefit                                                     —                 —                11             —               —            11
Net earnings (loss) - common shareholders                                  $          643 $             556 $             293 $          378 $          (116) $      1,754

Base earnings - pre-tax
Base earnings - pre-tax reflect management’s view of the underlying business performance of the Company prior to the
effects of income tax and provides an alternate measure to understand the underlying business performance compared to
net earnings before income taxes.

                                                                                       Q2-2026                    Q2-2025                YTD-2026                 YTD-2025
Base earnings (pre-tax)                                                   $              1,570 $                    1,337            $      3,122 $                  2,619
Items excluded from Great West base earnings (pre-tax)
    Market experience relative to expectations (pre-tax) $                                    (222) $                   (116) $                 (192) $               (229)
    Assumption changes and management actions (pre-tax)                                        (25)                       (5)                    (24)                  (47)
    Business transformation and other impacts (pre-tax)                                         (9)                    (181)                     (51)                (194)

    Amortization of acquisition-related finite life intangibles
      (pre-tax)                                                                                (47)                     (51)                     (92)                (102)
    Tax legislative changes and other tax impacts (pre-tax)                                     —                          —                       5                    —
  Total pre-tax items excluded from base earnings                         $                   (303) $                   (353) $                 (354) $               (572)
  Participating account                                                                         (4)                      (34)                    100                   (19)
Earnings before income taxes                                              $                  1,263 $                     950         $          2,868 $              2,028




                                                                       Great-West Lifeco Inc. Second Quarter 2026 Management's Discussion and Analysis                   32

                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                                         B  33
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis


                                  Assets under administration (AUA), assets under management or advisement (AUMA), assets under
                                  administration only (AUAO) and client assets
                                  Assets under administration, assets under management or advisement and client assets are non-GAAP financial
                                  measures. These measures provide an indication of the size and volume of the Company's overall business.
                                  Administrative services are an important aspect of the overall business of the Company and should be considered when
                                  comparing volumes, size and trends.
                                  Total assets under administration includes assets under management or advisement (AUMA), assets under administration
                                  only (AUAO), the total of which is total client assets, and other balance sheet assets.
                                  Client assets represents the total client assets under management or advisement plus assets under administration only for
                                  the Company's Retirement and Wealth lines of business.
                                  Client assets are classified as AUMA where the Company earns a fee for one or more of the following services:
                                  investment management services for proprietary funds or institutional assets, discretionary portfolio management on
                                  behalf of clients, and/or the provision of financial advice. AUMA relate to the Company's Retirement and Wealth lines of
                                  business only.
                                  Refer to the "Glossary" section of this document for the definition of AUAO.
                                  Other balance sheet assets include insurance contract assets, reinsurance contract assets, goodwill and intangible
                                  assets, other assets, as well as the portion of invested assets and investments on account of segregated fund
                                  policyholders not included within total client assets.
                                      As at                                                                                                                                                       June 30, 2026
                                                                                                           U.S.            Canada                 Europe                    CRS          Other2     Great West




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                      Assets under administration
                                      Assets under management or advisement                  $       652,479 $             232,779 $             323,800 $                     — $       69,104 $    1,278,162
                                      Assets under administration only1                            2,423,949                 3,048                 5,842                       —             —       2,432,839
                                      Total client assets                                    $     3,076,428 $             235,827 $             329,642 $                     — $       69,104 $    3,711,001
                                      Other assets on balance sheet                                    47,413              116,345                 60,877                11,950             —          236,585
                                      Total assets under administration                      $     3,123,841 $             352,172 $             390,519 $               11,950 $        69,104 $    3,947,586
                                      of which: Total balance sheet assets                           405,213               257,173               271,675                 11,950              —         946,011
                                      of which: Invested assets                                        93,315              105,044                 48,096                11,375             —          257,830

                                  1    Refer to the "Glossary" section of this document for additional detail regarding this metric.
                                  2    Other includes assets under management related to legacy asset management business included in the Corporate segment.

                                      As at                                                                                                                                                December 31, 2025
                                                                                                           U.S.            Canada                 Europe                    CRS          Other2     Great West
                                      Assets under administration
                                      Assets under management or advisement                  $       570,634 $             214,765 $             290,863 $                     — $       59,994 $    1,136,256
                                      Assets under administration only1                            2,173,061                 2,942                 5,318                       —             —       2,181,321
                                      Total client assets                                    $     2,743,695 $             217,707 $             296,181 $                     — $       59,994 $    3,317,577
                                      Other assets on balance sheet                                    47,250              113,210                 59,234                11,694             —          231,388
                                      Total assets under administration                      $     2,790,945 $             330,917 $             355,415 $               11,694 $        59,994 $    3,548,965
                                      of which: Total balance sheet assets                           358,912               241,841               250,381                 11,694             —          862,828
                                      of which: Invested assets                                       89,945               102,100                46,795                 11,211             —          250,051

                                  1    Refer to the "Glossary" section of this document for additional detail regarding this metric.
                                  2    Other includes assets under management related to legacy asset management business included in the Corporate segment.


                                  CSM impact (post-tax)
                                  Approximates the after-tax amount of CSM based on current effective income tax rates in the jurisdictions in which we
                                  operate. Effective income tax rates are subject to change in the future and would have an impact on the actual after-tax
                                  impact of these assumption changes.
                                  Run-rate insurance results
                                  This metric is a non-GAAP financial measure and represents the expected earnings on long term business and the run
                                  rate on short term or fee business. Taken together, this is an indicator of the recurring revenue of the business. It is
                                  calculated by adding short-term insurance contracts, risk adjustment release and CSM recognized for services provided.



                                                                                                               Great-West Lifeco Inc. Second Quarter 2026 Management's Discussion and Analysis               33

                                  B  34                                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
Management's Discussion and Analysis


Non-GAAP Ratios
A non-GAAP ratio is a financial measure in the form of a ratio, fraction, percentage or similar representation that is not
disclosed in the financial statements of the Company and has a non-GAAP financial measure as one or more of its
components. These financial measures do not have a standardized definition under IFRS Accounting Standards and
might not be comparable to similar financial measures disclosed by other issuers.
The non-GAAP ratios disclosed by the Company each use base earnings (loss) as the non-GAAP component. Base
earnings (loss) reflect management’s view of the underlying business performance of the Company and provides an
alternate measure to understand the underlying business performance compared to net earnings.
•     Base capital generation - This measure is expressed as a percentage of base earnings and provides a view of
      capital generated or consumed by the business above the Company's internal operating target level for capital. Base
      capital generation is calculated as base earnings plus the organic CSM and risk adjustment (RA) movements, if
      applicable, less the change in required capital related to new business and the run-off of in-force business at the
      Company's internal operating target level. These items exclude the impact of participating business and the
      conceptually similar items as those excluded from base earnings.
      •   Organic CSM movement refers to CSM (excluding participating products), plus impact of new insurance
          business, plus expected movements from asset returns and locked-in rates, plus CSM recognized for services
          provided, plus insurance experience gains and losses.
•     Base dividend payout ratio - Dividends paid to common shareholders are divided by base earnings (loss).
•     Base earnings per share - Base earnings (loss) for the period is divided by the number of average common shares
      outstanding for the period.




                                                                                                                                                              PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
•     Base return on equity - Base earnings (loss) for the trailing four quarters are divided by the average common
      shareholders' equity over the trailing four quarters. This measure provides an indicator of business unit profitability.
•     Cost of management ratio - Compares the amount paid by the Company to compensate its Named Executive
      Officers (NEOs) relative to the Company’s base earnings for the same period. Calculated by dividing total annual
      compensation paid to NEOs (as disclosed in the Executive Compensation section of the Company’s management
      proxy circular) by base earnings for the year.
•     Effective income tax rate (base earnings) - Calculated as income tax on base earnings divided by pre-tax base
      earnings.
•     Efficiency ratio - Calculated on a trailing four quarter basis as pre-tax non-par base operating and administrative
      expenses divided by the sum of pre-tax base earnings and pre-tax non-par base operating and administrative
      expenses.
•     Financial Leverage Ratio - Calculated as the aggregate of debt, hybrid securities, and preferred shares divided by
      total equity plus after-tax non-participating CSM, excluding CSM associated with segregated fund guarantees. The
      inclusion of CSM reflects its status as future profit and available capital under LICAT.
•     Pre-tax base operating margin - Pre-tax operating earnings expressed as a percentage of fee and spread income.
8.2       Glossary
•     Asset-based fee income - Represents fee income earned that is directly tied to the level of client assets under
      advisement, management or administration; including segregated fund products.
•     Asset-based expenses and commissions - Represents the variable expenses (such as asset-based commissions
      & bonuses, managed account expenses, sub-advisor and fund manager costs) incurred when generating fee and
      other income.
•     Assets under administration only (AUAO) - Client assets are classified as AUAO where the Company only
      provides administration services for which the Company earns fees and other income. These assets are beneficially
      owned by the clients and the Company does not direct the investing activities. Services provided relating to assets
      under administration include recordkeeping, safekeeping, collecting investment income, settling of transactions or
      other administrative services. Administrative services are an important aspect of the overall business of the Company
      and should be considered when comparing volumes, size and trends. Assets included in AUAO are not included in
      AUMA.
•     Assets under administration (AUA), assets under management or advisement (AUMA) and client assets -
      Non-GAAP financial measures. See definitions in Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios section.



                                                                    Great-West Lifeco Inc. Second Quarter 2026 Management's Discussion and Analysis      34

                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                             B  35
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis


                                  •   Assumption changes and management actions - The net earnings impact of: (i) revisions to the methodologies
                                      and assumptions used in the measurement of the Company’s assets, insurance contract liabilities and investment
                                      contract liabilities, and (ii) actions taken by management in the current reporting period which include, but are not
                                      limited to, changes in in-force product features (including prices), and new or revised reinsurance deals on in-force
                                      business. Assumption changes and management actions are excluded from base earnings.
                                  •   Average client assets - Calculated as the average of the opening and ending balances of client assets during the
                                      reporting period using daily balances where available and monthly or quarterly balances when daily balances are
                                      unavailable.
                                  •   Business transformation and other impacts - Business transformation and other impacts include acquisition and
                                      divestiture costs as well as restructuring and integration costs.
                                  •   Book value per common share - Measure is calculated by dividing Great West's common shareholders' equity, less
                                      non-controlling interest, limited recourse capital notes and preferred shares, by the number of common shares
                                      outstanding at the end of the period.
                                  •   Contractual service margin (CSM) - The CSM of a group of insurance contracts represents the unearned profit that
                                      the Company expects to recognize in the future as it provides services under those contracts. On initial recognition of
                                      a group of insurance contracts, if the total of the fulfillment cash flows, any derecognized assets for insurance
                                      acquisition cash flows, and any cash flows arising at that date is a net inflow, the group of contracts is non-onerous. In
                                      this case, the CSM is measured as the equal and opposite amount of the net inflow, which results in no net income or
                                      expenses arising on initial recognition.
                                  •   Common shareholders' equity - A financial measure comprised of the following items from Great West's balance
                                      sheet: share capital - common shares, accumulated surplus, accumulated other comprehensive income and




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                      contributed surplus.
                                  •   Dividend payout ratio - Dividends paid to common shareholders are divided by net earnings - common
                                      shareholders.
                                  •   Drivers of earnings (DOE) - Drivers of earnings analysis provides additional detail on the primary sources of Great
                                      West's earnings and is a consistent presentation across Canadian insurance industry peers. The DOE view presents
                                      net earnings attributable to common shareholders, comprising base earnings on a DOE basis and items excluded
                                      from base earnings. For base insurance service result, the DOE view provides detail on expected insurance earnings,
                                      the impact of new business and experience gains and losses. For base net investment result, the DOE view provides
                                      detail on expected investment earnings, credit experience, trading activity and earnings on surplus. Base other
                                      income and expenses are presented separately in the DOE view with additional detail on net fee and spread income,
                                      non-directly attributable and other expenses, income taxes on base earnings, non-controlling interests, preferred
                                      dividends and other items.
                                  •   General Measurement Model (GMM) - The Company applies this measurement model to all insurance contracts not
                                      measured under the PAA or VFA measurement models.
                                  •   Gross operating and administrative expenses - Gross operating and administrative expenses is a non-GAAP
                                      financial measure, which excludes certain insurance-related expenses, commissions and sub-advisory fees.
                                  •   Group Benefits in-force premiums (insured) - Represents the value of in-force premiums at the end of the
                                      reporting period where Great West underwrites the insurance risks of a group benefits solution. The Company may
                                      express the period-over-period net change in group life and health book premiums excluding the impact of foreign
                                      currency translation, which represents the net impact of new sales, terminations and organic growth of in-force
                                      business for the period.
                                  •   Group Benefits fee and other income (ASO & other fee-based products) - Represents administrative services
                                      only (ASO) and other fee-based income where clients self-insure the products and the Company administers it on
                                      their behalf, and other ancillary services.
                                  •   Impact of currency movement (constant currency basis) - Items impacting the Company's Consolidated
                                      Statements of Earnings, such as income and benefits and expenses and net earnings, are translated into Canadian
                                      dollars at an average rate for the period. These measures highlight the impact of changes in currency translation rates
                                      on Canadian dollar equivalent IFRS Accounting Standards results and have been calculated using the average rates
                                      in effect at the date of the comparative period. These measures provide useful information as it facilitates the
                                      comparability of results between periods. The exchange rates used in preparing these constant currency measures
                                      are disclosed in the Foreign Currency section of the Consolidated Operating Results.



                                                                                              Great-West Lifeco Inc. Second Quarter 2026 Management's Discussion and Analysis   35

                                  B  36                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
Management's Discussion and Analysis


•   Loan-to-value - Measures the outstanding loan balance relative to the value of the underlying asset securing the
    loan.
•   Market experience relative to expectations - The net earnings impact related to the direct equity and interest rate
    market impacts on insurance and investment contract liabilities, net of hedging, and related deferred tax liabilities,
    which includes:
    •   The impact of hedge ineffectiveness related to segregated fund guarantee liabilities that are hedged and the
        performance of the related hedge assets;
    •   The impact on segregated fund guarantee liabilities not hedged;
    •   The market-related impacts that are different than expectations on surplus assets, general account assets and
        the insurance and investment contract liabilities they support; and
    •   Other market impacts on general account assets and the insurance and investment contract liabilities they
        support that cannot be attributed to expectations within the period.
•   Net asset flows - Indicator of the Company's ability to attract and retain business. Net asset flows are measured by
    the following:
    •   Canada net asset flows include cash inflows and outflows related to segregated fund assets and proprietary and
        non-proprietary mutual funds.
    •   Europe net asset flows include cash inflows and outflows related to segregated fund assets, proprietary mutual
        funds and institutional assets as well as other assets under administration.
    •   Empower net asset flows include cash inflows and outflows related to segregated fund assets, general fund




                                                                                                                                                            PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
        assets, proprietary and non-proprietary mutual funds as well as other assets under management.
    •   PanAgora net asset flow include institutional sales and redemptions.
•   Net fee and spread income - Fee and spread income less asset-based expenses and commissions.
•   Non-meaningful figure (nmf) - Represents a non-meaningful percentage variance.
•   Non-par base operating and administrative expenses - Non-participating base operating and administrative
    expenses exclude business transformation costs and other expenses that are excluded from base earnings.
•   Office of the Superintendent of Financial Institutions Canada (OSFI) - Is an independent Canadian federal
    government agency that regulates and supervises federally regulated financial institutions and pension plans to
    determine whether they are in sound financial condition and meeting their requirements.
•   Other fee income - Represents other fee income earned that is not directly tied to the level of client assets; and the
    total base insurance service result related to unit-linked, unitized with profits and variable annuity products offered by
    the Wealth line of business.
•   Property Catastrophe Retrocession (P&C) - A product offered to reinsurance companies covering major weather
    and other catastrophic events, primarily hurricanes, windstorms and earthquakes.
•   Premium Allocation Approach (PAA) - The Company applies this measurement model to contracts with coverage
    periods of one year or less and those that are relatively stable and have low variability in fulfillment cash flows. Low
    variability in fulfillment cash flows indicates that no significant difference in measurement exists when compared to the
    general measurement model (GMM).
•   Price/book value ratio - The Company's closing share price divided by its book value per share.
•   Price/earnings ratio - The Company's closing share price divided by its net earnings per share on a trailing four
    quarter basis.
•   Return on equity (ROE) - Net earnings for the trailing four quarters are divided by the average common
    shareholders' equity over the trailing four quarters. This measure provides an indicator of business unit profitability.
•   Sales - Sales are measured according to product type:
    •   For risk-based Insurance & Annuities products, sales include 100% of single premium and annualized premiums
        expected in the first twelve months of the plan.
    •   Group Benefits (insured) sales reflect annualized premiums and premium equivalents for new policies and new
        benefits covered or expansion of coverage on existing policies on business where the Company underwrites the
        insurance risks of a group benefits solution.

                                                                  Great-West Lifeco Inc. Second Quarter 2026 Management's Discussion and Analysis      36

                          P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                             B  37
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis


                                        •   Group Benefits (ASO & other fee-based products) sales reflect annualized premiums and premium equivalents
                                            for new policies and new benefits covered or expansion of coverage on existing policies where clients self-insure
                                            the products and the Company administers it on their behalf, and other ancillary services.
                                  •     Segmented common shareholders' equity - The Company has a capital allocation methodology which tracks
                                        allocated capital required by each segment on a standalone basis.
                                        The capital allocation methodology allows the Company to calculate comparable ROE for each business unit. These
                                        ROEs are therefore based on the capital the business unit has been allocated. IFRS Accounting Standards do not
                                        prescribe the calculation of ROE and therefore a comparable measure under IFRS Accounting Standards are not
                                        available.
                                  •     Spread income - Represents spread income earned on general account investment products which represents the
                                        difference between earned rates and rates credited to clients; and other net investment income.
                                  •     Variable Fee Approach (VFA) - The Company applies this measurement model to contracts with direct participating
                                        features such as participating insurance and segregated fund business with insurance guarantees, where an
                                        investment return is provided to the policyholder based on a defined pool of items (e.g., a portfolio of assets).
                                  8.3       Disclosure Controls and Procedures
                                  The Company’s disclosure controls and procedures are designed to provide reasonable assurance that information
                                  relating to the Company which is required to be disclosed in reports filed under provincial and territorial securities
                                  legislation is: (a) recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the provincial and
                                  territorial securities legislation, and (b) accumulated and communicated to the Company's senior management, including
                                  the President and Chief Executive Officer and the Executive Vice-President and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to
                                  allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  8.4       Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
                                  The Company’s internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
                                  reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with IFRS
                                  Accounting Standards. The Company’s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining effective internal
                                  control over financial reporting. All internal control systems have inherent limitations and may become ineffective because
                                  of changes in conditions. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable
                                  assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation.
                                  There have been no changes during the six months ended June 30, 2026 that have materially affected, or are reasonably
                                  likely to materially affect, the Company's internal control over financial reporting.
                                  8.5       Transactions with Related Parties
                                  Related party transactions have not changed materially from December 31, 2025.
                                  The Company renewed its NCIB commencing January 6, 2026 and terminating January 5, 2027 to purchase for
                                  cancellation up to but not more than 20,000,000 of its common shares at market prices. On July 28, 2026, the Company
                                  announced an amendment to its current NCIB to increase the maximum number of common shares that may be
                                  repurchased from 20,000,000 common shares to 40,000,000 common shares. The amendment is expected to become
                                  effective on July 31, 2026. Great West is permitted to purchase its shares from Power Financial Corporation and certain of
                                  its wholly-owned subsidiaries (collectively, PFC) in connection with the NCIB pursuant to an automatic disposition plan, in
                                  order for PFC to approximately maintain its proportionate percentage ownership in the Company.




                                                                                              Great-West Lifeco Inc. Second Quarter 2026 Management's Discussion and Analysis   37

                                  B  38                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
Management's Discussion and Analysis



8.6         Quarterly Financial Information
                                                                          2026                                         2025                             2024
(in $ millions, except per share amounts)                           Q2             Q1             Q4             Q3            Q2        Q1        Q4          Q3
     Insurance revenue                                          $    5,822 $        5,699 $        5,690 $        5,594 $      5,551 $   5,486 $   5,399 $     5,292
     Net investment income                                           2,700          2,506          2,611          2,588        2,319     2,335     2,685       2,249
     Changes in fair value on FVTPL assets                           2,484         (2,069)             (5)        1,699         954      1,259     (2,981)     6,906
     Fee and other income                                            2,116          2,040          2,052          1,984        1,948     1,911     1,952       1,806
                                                                $ 13,122 $          8,176 $ 10,348 $ 11,865 $ 10,772 $ 10,991 $                    7,055 $ 16,253
Net earnings - common shareholders
   Total                                                        $    1,039 $        1,192 $        1,048 $        1,158 $        894 $    860 $    1,116 $      859
   Basic - per share                                                  1.16           1.32           1.15           1.25         0.96      0.92      1.20        0.92
   Diluted - per share                                                1.15           1.31           1.14           1.25         0.96      0.92      1.19        0.92

Insurance revenue
Insurance revenue for the second quarter of 2026 was $5.8 billion, an increase of $0.3 billion compared to the same
quarter last year, primarily due to higher earnings from short-term insurance contracts across CRS as well as higher CSM
recognized for services provided in the Europe and CRS segments, partially offset by less favourable insurance
experience in Canada.
Net investment income and changes in fair value on FVTPL assets
Total net investment income, which includes net investment income and changes in fair value on FVTPL assets, for the
second quarter of 2026 increased by $1.9 billion compared to the same quarter last year.




                                                                                                                                                                         PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
 •     Net investment income in the second quarter of 2026 of $2.7 billion, which excludes changes in fair value through
       profit or loss, increased by $0.4 billion compared to the same quarter last year, primarily due to favourable foreign
       exchange impacts from a stronger U.S. dollar relative to the Canadian dollar and higher bond volumes in Canada.
 •     Changes in fair value on FVTPL assets in the second quarter of 2026 increased by $1.5 billion compared to the same
       quarter last year, primarily due to higher unrealized gains driven by favourable market movements, including lower
       bond yields and improved derivative performance.
Fee and other income
Fee and other income for the second quarter of 2026 was $2.1 billion, an increase of $0.2 billion compared to the same
quarter last year, primarily due to higher fee and spread income. The increase was driven by higher asset levels from
market-driven growth across all segments, as well as business growth in the U.S.
Net earnings
Great West's consolidated net earnings attributable to common shareholders were $1,039 million for the second quarter of
2026 compared to $894 million for the same quarter last year. On a per share basis, this represents $1.16 per common
share ($1.15 diluted) for the second quarter of 2026 compared to $0.96 per common share ($0.96 diluted) a year ago.
8.7         Additional Information
Additional information relating to Great West, including Great West's most recent annual consolidated financial
statements, chief executive officer and chief financial officer certifications and Annual Information Form are available at
www.sedarplus.ca.




                                                                       Great-West Lifeco Inc. Second Quarter 2026 Management's Discussion and Analysis              38

                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                                   B  39
                                  Consolidated Statements of Earnings (unaudited)


                                                                                                                 For the three months                                        For the six months
                                  (in Canadian $ millions except per share amounts)                                 ended June 30                                              ended June 30
                                                                                                               2026                        2025                          2026                2025
                                  Insurance service result
                                    Insurance revenue (note 8)                                       $                  5,822 $                     5,551      $                 11,521 $           11,037
                                    Insurance service expenses                                                         (4,510)                     (4,315)                       (8,809)            (8,591)
                                    Net expenses from reinsurance contracts                                              (401)                        (379)                        (839)              (809)
                                                                                                                          911                          857                        1,873              1,637
                                  Net investment result
                                    Net investment income (note 5)                                                      2,700                       2,319                         5,206              4,654
                                    Changes in fair value on fair value through profit or
                                      loss (FVTPL) assets (note 5)                                                      2,484                          954                         415               2,213
                                                                                                                        5,184                       3,273                         5,621              6,867
                                    Net finance expenses from insurance contracts                                      (4,222)                     (1,637)                       (4,025)            (3,063)
                                    Net finance income (expenses) from reinsurance
                                      contracts                                                                             94                         (18)                        139                (157)
                                    Changes in investment contract liabilities                                           (647)                     (1,195)                         (697)            (2,803)
                                                                                                                          409                          423                        1,038               844
                                  Net investment result - insurance contracts on
                                    account of segregated fund policyholders
                                    Net investment income                                                               4,813                       1,661                         4,858              1,411
                                    Net finance expenses from insurance contracts                                      (4,813)                     (1,661)                       (4,858)            (1,411)
                                                                                                                            —                            —                           —                  —




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  Other income and expenses
                                    Fee and other income                                                                2,116                       1,948                         4,156              3,859
                                    Operating and administrative expenses                                              (1,959)                     (1,799)                       (3,766)            (3,608)
                                    Amortization of finite life intangible assets                                        (112)                        (112)                        (224)              (223)
                                    Financing costs                                                                        (87)                       (101)                        (174)              (204)
                                    Restructuring and integration expenses (note 4)                                        (15)                       (266)                         (35)              (277)
                                  Earnings before income taxes                                                          1,263                          950                        2,868              2,028
                                  Income taxes (note 14)                                                                  162                           30                         433                187
                                  Net earnings before non-controlling interests                                         1,101                          920                        2,435              1,841
                                  Attributable to non-controlling interests                                                 12                           (7)                       104                 22
                                  Net earnings - common shareholders, before
                                     preferred share dividends and other equity
                                     distributions                                                                      1,089                          927                        2,331              1,819
                                  Preferred share dividends and other equity distributions                                  50                          33                         100                 65
                                  Net earnings - common shareholders                                 $                  1,039 $                        894     $                  2,231 $            1,754


                                  Earnings per common share (note 12)
                                    Basic                                                            $                   1.16 $                       0.96     $                   2.48 $             1.89
                                    Diluted                                                          $                   1.15 $                       0.96     $                   2.46 $             1.88




                                                                                           Great-West Lifeco Inc. Second Quarter 2026 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements                 1

                                  B  40                                          P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (unaudited)



                                                                                For the three months                                For the six months
(in Canadian $ millions)                                                           ended June 30                                      ended June 30
                                                                              2026                        2025                    2026              2025
Net earnings - common shareholders, before
  preferred share dividends and other equity
  distributions                                                     $                  1,089 $                       927      $          2,331 $           1,819
Other comprehensive income (loss)
Items that may be reclassified subsequently to
   Consolidated Statements of Earnings
  Unrealized foreign exchange gains (losses) on
    translation of foreign operations                                                    455                        (641)                 652               (275)
       Income tax (expense) benefit                                                        —                           —                    (8)               —
  Unrealized gains (losses) on hedges of the net
    investment in foreign operations                                                      (89)                        (49)                 (96)             (187)
       Income tax (expense) benefit                                                        13                         (21)                 17                (10)
  Unrealized gains (losses) on bonds and mortgages at
    fair value through other comprehensive income
    (FVOCI)                                                                                81                          43                  (35)             114
       Income tax (expense) benefit                                                       (20)                          (5)                  4               (21)
  Realized losses on bonds and mortgages at FVOCI
    (note 5)                                                                                2                            6                 11                  7
       Income tax expense (benefit)                                                        (2)                         —                    (3)               —
  Unrealized gains (losses) on cash flow hedges                                          291                          (16)                264                55
       Income tax (expense) benefit                                                       (78)                           4                 (71)              (15)
  Realized (gains) losses on cash flow hedges                                           (142)                           (3)               (144)              (61)




                                                                                                                                                                    PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
       Income tax expense (benefit)                                                        38                          —                   39                16
  Non-controlling interests                                                               (47)                         30                  (25)              (17)
       Income tax (expense) benefit                                                        12                           (8)                  6                 5
  Total items that may be reclassified                                                   514                        (660)                 611               (389)
Items that will not be reclassified to Consolidated
   Statements of Earnings
  Unrealized gains on stocks at FVOCI                                                    425                         200                  413               153
       Income tax (expense) benefit                                                       (38)                         —                   (38)               —
  Realized losses on stocks at FVOCI                                                       (3)                         —                    (3)               —
       Income tax (expense) benefit                                                         1                          —                     1                —
  Re-measurements on defined benefit pension and
    other post-employment benefit plans                                                  135                           77                 204               102
       Income tax (expense) benefit                                                       (38)                        (22)                 (57)              (29)
  Non-controlling interests                                                               (13)                          (8)                (18)              (10)
       Income tax (expense) benefit                                                         4                            2                   5                 3
  Total items that will not be reclassified                                              473                         249                  507               219
Total other comprehensive income (loss)                                                  987                        (411)                1,118              (170)
Comprehensive income                                                $                  2,076 $                       516      $          3,449 $           1,649




                                                          Great-West Lifeco Inc. Second Quarter 2026 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements        2

                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                                B  41
                                  Consolidated Balance Sheets (unaudited)


                                  (in Canadian $ millions)                                                                                                     June 30, 2026            December 31, 2025
                                  Assets
                                  Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                $                    9,923 $            8,902
                                  Bonds (note 5)                                                                                                                              180,577            174,468
                                  Mortgage loans (note 5)                                                                                                                      36,578             36,873
                                  Stocks (note 5)                                                                                                                              22,105             21,515
                                  Investment properties (note 5)                                                                                                                8,647              8,293
                                                                                                                                                                              257,830            250,051

                                  Insurance contract assets (note 9)                                                                                                            1,586              1,571
                                  Reinsurance contract held assets (note 9)                                                                                                    16,755             16,850
                                  Goodwill                                                                                                                                     11,483             11,283
                                  Intangible assets                                                                                                                             4,999              4,912
                                  Derivative financial instruments                                                                                                              2,111              1,863
                                  Owner occupied properties                                                                                                                       824                829
                                  Fixed assets                                                                                                                                    405                395
                                  Accounts and interest receivable                                                                                                              5,545              6,029
                                  Other assets                                                                                                                                 15,447             15,190
                                  Current income taxes                                                                                                                            317                401
                                  Deferred tax assets                                                                                                                           2,490              2,285
                                  Investments on account of segregated fund policyholders (note 10)                                                                           626,219            551,169
                                  Total assets                                                                                                             $                  946,011 $          862,828

                                  Liabilities
                                  Insurance contract liabilities (note 9)                                                                                  $                  165,772 $          161,644
                                  Investment contract liabilities                                                                                                              91,271             89,042
                                  Reinsurance contract held liabilities (note 9)                                                                                                  860                919




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  Debentures and other debt instruments                                                                                                         8,965              8,792
                                  Derivative financial instruments                                                                                                              2,913              2,412
                                  Accounts payable                                                                                                                              3,522              3,981
                                  Other liabilities                                                                                                                            10,285             10,431
                                  Current income taxes                                                                                                                            506                498
                                  Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                                                      1,096                937
                                  Insurance contracts on account of segregated fund policyholders (note 9)                                                                     74,839             70,418
                                  Investment contracts on account of segregated fund policyholders                                                                            551,380            480,751
                                  Total liabilities                                                                                                                           911,409            829,825

                                  Equity
                                  Non-controlling interests
                                     Participating account surplus in subsidiaries                                                                                              3,212               3,079
                                     Non-controlling interests in subsidiaries                                                                                                     74                  67
                                  Shareholders' equity
                                     Share capital
                                           Limited recourse capital notes                                                                                                       1,500              1,500
                                           Preferred shares                                                                                                                     3,120              2,920
                                           Common shares (note 11)                                                                                                              5,952              5,983
                                     Accumulated surplus                                                                                                                       17,702             17,503
                                     Accumulated other comprehensive income                                                                                                     2,836              1,742
                                     Contributed surplus                                                                                                                          206                209
                                  Total equity                                                                                                                                 34,602             33,003
                                  Total liabilities and equity                                                                                             $                  946,011 $          862,828




                                                                                        Great-West Lifeco Inc. Second Quarter 2026 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements                  3

                                  B  42                                       P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity (unaudited)



(in Canadian $ millions)                                                                                      June 30, 2026
                                                                                                           Accumulated
                                                                                                              other                        Non-
                                                                  Share           Contributed Accumulated comprehensive                 controlling      Total
                                                                  capital          surplus      surplus      income                      interests       equity
Balance, beginning of year                                $         10,403 $              209 $            17,503 $            1,742 $         3,146 $     33,003
Net earnings - before preferred share dividends
  and other equity distributions                                            —               —                2,331                —              104        2,435
Other comprehensive income                                                  —               —                    —             1,118              32        1,150
                                                                    10,403                209              19,834              2,860           3,282       36,588
Preferred share dividends and other equity
  distributions (note 12)                                                   —               —                 (100)              —                 —         (100)
Common share dividends                                                      —               —              (1,203)               —                 —       (1,203)
Shares exercised and issued under share-based
  payment plans (note 11)                                                   58            (14)                   —               —                10              54
Shares purchased and cancelled under normal
  course issuer bid (note 11)                                           (89)                —                 (850)              —                 —         (939)
Equity settlement of subsidiary's share-based
  plans                                                                     —               —                    —                —                (6)            (6)
Transfer of FVOCI reserve on disposal of stocks                             —               —                    24              (24)              —              —
Issuance of preferred shares (note 11)                                  200                 —                    —               —                 —          200
Share issue costs (note 11)                                                 —               —                    (3)             —                 —               (3)
Share-based payment plans expense                                           —              11                    —               —                 —              11
Balance, end of period                                    $         10,572 $              206 $            17,702 $            2,836 $         3,286 $     34,602




                                                                                                                                                                           PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                                                                                           June 30, 2025
                                                                                                                  Accumulated
                                                                                                                      other                 Non-
                                                                   Share           Contributed     Accumulated comprehensive             controlling      Total
                                                                   capital          surplus          surplus         income               interests      equity
Balance, beginning of year                                    $       10,291 $              208 $           17,266 $           1,776 $         3,113 $     32,654
Net earnings - before preferred dividends                                    —                —               1,819               —                22       1,841
Other comprehensive income (loss)                                            —                —                   —             (170)              19        (151)
                                                                      10,291                208             19,085             1,606           3,154       34,344
Preferred share dividends (note 12)                                          —                —                  (65)             —                —              (65)
Common share dividends                                                       —                —              (1,134)              —                —        (1,134)
Shares exercised and issued under share-based
  payment plans (note 11)                                                    39             (18)                  —               —                16             37
Shares purchased and cancelled under normal
  course issuer bid (note 11)                                               (55)            (40)               (385)              —                —         (480)
Equity settlement of subsidiary's share-based
  plans                                                                      —                —                   —               —                (8)             (8)
Share-based payment plans expense                                            —               12                   —               —                —              12
Derecognition of non-controlling interest in
  subsidiary                                                                 —                —                   —               —               (10)            (10)
Balance, end of period                                        $       10,275 $              162 $           17,501 $           1,606 $         3,152 $     32,696




                                                           Great-West Lifeco Inc. Second Quarter 2026 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements              4

                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                                 B  43
                                  Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (unaudited)



                                                                                                                                                                              For the six months
                                  (in Canadian $ millions)                                                                                                                      ended June 30
                                                                                                                                                                          2026                2025
                                  Operations
                                    Earnings before income taxes                                                                                                $                  2,868 $            2,028
                                    Income taxes paid, net of refunds received                                                                                                      (509)              (380)
                                    Adjustments:
                                       Change in insurance contract liabilities                                                                                                    2,735              1,549
                                       Change in investment contract liabilities                                                                                                    (854)             2,535
                                       Change in reinsurance contract held liabilities                                                                                                (69)              (44)
                                       Change in reinsurance contract held assets                                                                                                    533               455
                                       Change in insurance contract assets                                                                                                              7               (81)
                                       Changes in fair value through profit or loss                                                                                                 (415)            (2,213)
                                       Sales, maturities and repayments of portfolio investments                                                                                  27,864             25,661
                                       Purchases of portfolio investments                                                                                                         (28,697)         (26,940)
                                       Other                                                                                                                                         (635)          (1,252)
                                                                                                                                                                                   2,828              1,318
                                  Financing Activities
                                    Issue of common shares                                                                                                                            58                39
                                    Issue of preferred shares (note 11)                                                                                                              200                 —
                                    Share issue costs (note 11)                                                                                                                        (3)               —
                                    Purchased and cancelled common shares                                                                                                           (939)              (440)




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                    Dividends paid on common shares                                                                                                                (1,203)           (1,134)
                                    Dividends paid on preferred shares and other equity distributions                                                                               (100)               (65)
                                                                                                                                                                                   (1,987)           (1,600)
                                  Investment Activities
                                   Investment in associates and joint ventures                                                                                                        (42)              (14)
                                   Sale of business, net of cash and cash equivalents in subsidiary                                                                                     8                —
                                   Business acquisition                                                                                                                               (17)               —
                                                                                                                                                                                      (51)              (14)


                                  Effect of changes in exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents                                                                                   231               (181)
                                  Change in cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                              1,021               (477)
                                  Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year                                                                                                     8,902             10,709
                                  Cash and cash equivalents, end of period                                                                                      $                  9,923 $           10,232


                                  Supplementary cash flow information
                                    Interest income received                                                                                                    $                  4,152 $            4,028
                                    Interest paid                                                                                                                                    152               182
                                    Dividend income received                                                                                                                         223               223




                                                                                            Great-West Lifeco Inc. Second Quarter 2026 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements                 5

                                  B  44                                           P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)


(in Canadian $ millions except per share amounts and where otherwise indicated)

1.    Corporate Information
Great-West Lifeco Inc. (Great West or the Company) is a publicly listed company (Toronto Stock Exchange: GWO), incorporated
and domiciled in Canada. The registered address of the Company is 100 Osborne Street North, Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada,
R3C 1V3. Great West is a member of the Power Corporation of Canada (Power Corporation) group of companies and is a
subsidiary of Power Corporation.
Great West is a financial services holding company with interests in the life insurance, health insurance, retirement savings,
wealth and asset management, and reinsurance businesses, primarily in the United States, Canada and Europe through its
operating subsidiaries including Empower Annuity Insurance Company of America (Empower) and The Canada Life Assurance
Company (Canada Life).
The condensed consolidated interim unaudited financial statements (financial statements) of the Company as at and for the three
and six months ended June 30, 2026 were approved by the Board of Directors on July 28, 2026.

2.    Basis of Presentation and Summary of Material Accounting Policies
These financial statements should be read in conjunction with the Company's December 31, 2025 consolidated annual audited
financial statements and notes thereto.
The financial statements of the Company as at June 30, 2026 have been prepared in compliance with the requirements of IAS
34, Interim Financial Reporting as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) using the same accounting
policies and methods of computation followed in the consolidated annual audited financial statements for the year ended
December 31, 2025 except as described below.




                                                                                                                                                             PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
Changes in Accounting Policies
The Company adopted the amendments to IFRS Accounting Standards for IFRS 9, Financial Instruments, and IFRS 7, Financial
Instruments: Disclosures effective January 1, 2026. The amendments clarify the classification of financial assets with
environmental, social and corporate governance and similar features, the settlement of liabilities through electronic payment
systems, and introduce additional disclosure requirements to enhance transparency for investors.
The amendments do not impact the financial statements of the Company, except as indicated below:
•    The Company applied the election permitted by the amendments to deem a financial liability (or part of a financial liability)
     that is settled using an electronic payment system to be derecognized before the settlement date if specified criteria are met.
     The Company applied this election to all settlements made through electronic payment systems meeting the criteria.
•    For cash settlement of financial liabilities that did not qualify for the election at period-end, the Company derecognized the
     associated liabilities on the settlement date. The adoption of this amendment did not have a material impact on the
     Company’s financial statements.
These amendments are applied retrospectively with no restatement of comparative balances.

Future Accounting Policies
The Company actively monitors changes in IFRS Accounting Standards, both proposed and released, by the IASB for potential
impact on the Company. There have been no new standards issued and there have been no significant changes to the future
accounting policies, that are applicable to the Company, from those disclosed in the December 31, 2025 consolidated annual
audited financial statements.

Use of Significant Judgments, Estimates and Assumptions
In preparation of these financial statements, management is required to make significant judgments, estimates and assumptions
that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, net earnings and related disclosures. Although some uncertainty is inherent
in these judgments and estimates, management believes that the amounts recorded are reasonable. Key sources of estimation
uncertainty and areas where significant judgments have been made are further described in the relevant accounting policies in
note 2 of the Company's December 31, 2025 consolidated annual audited financial statements and notes thereto.




                                                        Great-West Lifeco Inc. Second Quarter 2026 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements   6

                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                          B  45
                                  Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)



                                  3.      Business Acquisitions and Other Transactions

                                  (a) Sale of U.K. Onshore Bond Business
                                  On December 23, 2024, Canada Life U.K. announced the signing of an agreement to transfer its onshore bond business to
                                  Countrywide Assured plc (Countrywide), a subsidiary of Chesnara plc. Concurrently, the two parties entered into a reinsurance
                                  agreement such that the risks and rewards of the underlying business are transferred to Countrywide. The underlying assets and
                                  the related liabilities on account of segregated fund policyholders, with a carrying value of $2,851 as at June 30, 2026 ($2,787 as
                                  at December 31, 2025), are to be transferred to Countrywide subject to court approval. Subsequent to June 30, 2026, the
                                  Company received this court approval and expects the transfer to occur in the second half of 2026.

                                  (b) Acquisition of the Retirement Plan and Benefits Administration Business of Milliman, Inc.
                                  On June 30, 2026, Empower announced that it has entered into an agreement with Milliman, Inc. (Milliman) to acquire Milliman’s
                                  retirement plan and benefits administration business for total consideration of approximately US$340. The transaction supports
                                  Empower’s strategy to deliver an integrated workplace ecosystem, enhancing its ability to serve clients with broader and more
                                  comprehensive retirement and benefits solutions. The closing of the transaction is subject to customary closing conditions and
                                  regulatory approvals.

                                  (c) Subsequent Event
                                  On July 7, 2026, the Company issued €500 ($810) 7-year bonds and will pay an annual coupon of 3.625%, priced at 99.575% of
                                  par to yield 3.695%. The bonds are listed on the Official List of Euronext Dublin and are admitted to trading on the Global
                                  Exchange Market of Euronext Dublin.

                                  4.      Restructuring Expenses




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  The Company undertakes a variety of initiatives related to operational restructuring, acquisition-related integration and
                                  technology and process modernization. Only the initiatives that qualify as formal restructuring programs in accordance with IAS
                                  37, Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets, result in a provision. These provisions are described further below.
                                  Other restructuring and business transformation costs that do not qualify are expensed as incurred and are not included in the
                                  amounts described below.
                                  The Company recorded restructuring provisions of $12 and $30 for the three and six months ended June 30, 2026 ($266 and
                                  $276 for the three and six months ended June 30, 2025). The provisions recorded in the three and six months ended June 30,
                                  2026 are related to planned technology and efficiency initiatives in the United States intended to position the Company for future
                                  growth and expense savings.
                                  As at June 30, 2026, the Company has restructuring provisions of $307 remaining in other liabilities ($365 at December 31,
                                  2025). These provisions primarily relate to previously announced restructuring initiatives, which the Company expects to
                                  complete by the end of 2027.




                                                                                    Great-West Lifeco Inc. Second Quarter 2026 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements   7

                                  B  46                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)



5.      Portfolio Investments

(a) Carrying Values and Estimated Fair Values of Portfolio Investments
                                                                                           June 30, 2026                                 December 31, 2025
                                                                           Carrying value                 Fair value              Carrying value            Fair value
Bonds
     FVTPL - designated                                                $              165,416 $                    165,416 $              159,320 $               159,320
     FVTPL - mandatory                                                                     2,211                      2,211                    2,108                 2,108
     FVOCI                                                                               12,950                     12,950                    13,040               13,040
                                                                                      180,577                      180,577                174,468                 174,468
Mortgage loans
     FVTPL - designated                                                                  25,595                     25,595                    26,139               26,139
     FVTPL - mandatory                                                                     5,897                      5,897                    5,664                 5,664
     FVOCI                                                                                   271                        271                     269                      269
     Amortized cost                                                                        4,815                      4,366                    4,801                 4,350
                                                                                         36,578                     36,129                    36,873               36,422
Stocks
     FVTPL - mandatory                                                                   19,746                     19,746                    19,370               19,370
     FVOCI - designated                                                                    1,197                      1,197                    1,033                 1,033
     Equity method                                                                         1,162                      1,453                    1,112                 1,255
                                                                                         22,105                     22,396                    21,515               21,658




                                                                                                                                                                                 PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
Investment properties                                                                      8,647                      8,647                    8,293                 8,293
Total                                                                  $              247,907 $                    247,749 $              241,149 $               240,841

(b) Net Investment Income
                                                                                            Mortgage                            Investment
For the three months ended June 30, 2026                                   Bonds             loans              Stocks           properties        Other         Total
Net investment income:
     Investment income earned                                          $        2,015 $              368 $              156 $          145 $           134 $         2,818
     Net realized losses on derecognition of FVOCI assets                            (2)               —                  —              —                 —               (2)
     Net realized losses on derecognition of amortized cost
       assets                                                                       —                   (1)               —              —                 —               (1)
     Net expected credit loss (ECL) recovery                                        —                    1                —              —                 —                1
     Other income and expenses                                                      —                  —                  —             (64)           (52)              (116)
                                                                                2,013                368                156             81                 82        2,700
Changes in fair value on FVTPL assets:
     FVTPL - designated                                                         1,050                  72                 —              —             167           1,289
     FVTPL - mandatory                                                              14                 98             1,117              —                 —         1,229
     Recorded at fair value                                                         —                  —                  —             (34)               —              (34)
                                                                                1,064                170              1,117             (34)           167           2,484
Total                                                                  $        3,077 $              538 $            1,273 $           47 $           249 $         5,184




                                                            Great-West Lifeco Inc. Second Quarter 2026 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements                   8

                                P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                                        B  47
                                  Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)



                                                                                                                       Mortgage                             Investment
                                  For the three months ended June 30, 2025                            Bonds             loans               Stocks           properties        Other          Total
                                  Net investment income:
                                    Investment income earned                                      $        1,873 $              374 $              159 $               136 $      (113) $        2,429
                                    Net realized losses on derecognition of FVOCI assets                        (6)               —                   —                  —             —               (6)
                                    Net realized gains on derecognition of amortized cost
                                      assets                                                                   —                    1                 —                  —             —               1
                                    Net ECL recovery (charge)                                                   (1)                 2                 —                  —             —                1
                                    Other income and expenses                                                  —                  —                   —                (54)            (52)       (106)
                                                                                                           1,866                377                159                  82        (165)          2,319
                                  Changes in fair value on FVTPL assets:
                                    FVTPL - designated                                                       322                  39                  —                  —        (325)               36
                                    FVTPL - mandatory                                                            1                84               896                   —             —          981
                                    Recorded at fair value                                                     —                  —                   —                (63)            —              (63)
                                                                                                             323                123                896                 (63)       (325)           954
                                  Total                                                           $        2,189 $              500 $            1,055 $                19 $      (490) $        3,273

                                                                                                                      Mortgage                             Investment
                                  For the six months ended June 30, 2026                              Bonds            loans               Stocks           properties         Other          Total
                                  Net investment income:
                                    Investment income earned                                      $        3,885 $              723 $              301 $               286 $       242 $         5,437
                                    Net realized losses on derecognition of FVOCI assets                      (11)                —                   —                  —             —              (11)




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                    Net realized losses on derecognition of amortized cost
                                      assets                                                                   —                   (4)                —                  —             —               (4)
                                    Net ECL recovery                                                           —                    8                 —                  —             —               8
                                    Other income and expenses                                                  —                  —                   —               (126)            (98)       (224)
                                                                                                           3,874                727                301                 160         144           5,206
                                  Changes in fair value on FVTPL assets:
                                    FVTPL - designated                                                      (934)                 16                  —                  —         123            (795)
                                    FVTPL - mandatory                                                           (4)              (96)            1,319                   —             —         1,219
                                    Recorded at fair value                                                     —                  —                   —                  (9)           —               (9)
                                                                                                            (938)                (80)            1,319                   (9)       123            415
                                  Total                                                           $        2,936 $              647 $            1,620 $               151 $       267 $         5,621

                                                                                                                       Mortgage                             Investment
                                  For the six months ended June 30, 2025                              Bonds             loans               Stocks           properties        Other          Total
                                  Net investment income:
                                    Investment income earned                                      $        3,661 $              760 $              303 $               275 $      (138) $        4,861
                                    Net realized losses on derecognition of FVOCI assets                        (7)               —                   —                  —             —               (7)
                                    Net realized gains on derecognition of amortized cost
                                      assets                                                                   —                    1                 —                  —             —               1
                                    Net ECL recovery (charge)                                                   (1)                 5                 —                  —             —                4
                                    Other income and expenses                                                  —                  —                   —               (108)            (97)       (205)
                                                                                                           3,653                766                303                 167        (235)          4,654
                                  Changes in fair value on FVTPL assets:
                                    FVTPL - designated                                                     1,018                385                   —                  —        (114)          1,289
                                    FVTPL - mandatory                                                            9                43               960                   —             —         1,012
                                    Recorded at fair value                                                     —                  —                   —                (88)            —              (88)
                                                                                                           1,027                428                960                 (88)       (114)          2,213
                                  Total                                                           $        4,680 $            1,194 $            1,263 $                79 $      (349) $        6,867

                                  Investment income from bonds and mortgage loans includes interest income, and premium and discount amortization.
                                  Investment income from stocks includes dividends and distributions from private equity funds. Investment properties income
                                  includes rental income earned on investment properties, ground rent income earned on leased and sub-leased land, fee
                                  recoveries, lease cancellation income, and interest and other investment income earned on investment properties. Other
                                  investment income and expenses includes expenses incurred by investment properties, foreign exchange gains and losses,



                                                                                       Great-West Lifeco Inc. Second Quarter 2026 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements                    9

                                  B  48                                      P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)


income earned from derivative financial instruments, and equity income from the investments in IGM Financial Inc. (IGM) and
other related parties.

6.     Risk Management
The Company has policies relating to the identification, measurement, management, monitoring and reporting of risks associated
with financial instruments and insurance contracts. The key risks related to financial instruments are credit risk, liquidity risk and
market risk (currency, interest rate and equity). The Risk Committee of the Board of Directors is responsible for the oversight of
the Company's key risks. The Company's approach to risk management has not substantially changed from that described in the
Company's 2025 Annual Report. Certain risks have been outlined below. The Company has also established policies and
procedures designed to identify, measure and report all material risks.

(a) Credit Risk
Credit risk is the risk of loss resulting from an obligor's potential inability or unwillingness to fully meet its contractual obligations.
(i)    Concentration of Credit Risk
Concentrations of credit risk arise from exposures to a single obligor, a group of related obligors or groups of obligors that have
similar credit risk characteristics and operate in the same geographic region or in similar industries. The characteristics are
similar in that changes in economic or political environments may impact their ability to meet obligations as they come due. No
significant changes have occurred from the year ended December 31, 2025.
(ii) Expected Credit Losses
The majority of the Company's financial assets are measured at FVTPL and therefore are not subject to the ECL model. The ECL
model only applies to FVOCI and amortized cost fixed income investments. The ECL allowance was $17 at June 30, 2026, of
which $4 was Stage 1, $10 was Stage 2 and $3 was Stage 3 ($25 at December 31, 2025, of which $4 was Stage 1, $16 was




                                                                                                                                                             PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
Stage 2 and $5 was Stage 3).
(iii) Credit Impact on Financial Assets and Liabilities Designated as FVTPL
The carrying value of the Company’s financial assets and liabilities designated as FVTPL represents the maximum exposure to
credit risk for those financial instruments. The change in fair value attributable to the change in credit risk of these financial
instruments is generally insignificant in the absence of significant credit events occurring on specific financial instruments. Fair
value losses of $25 and $47 for the three and six months ended June 30, 2026, respectively ($69 and $125 for the three and six
months ended June 30, 2025) are reflected in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings related to significant credit events
occurring on financial instruments designated as FVTPL.

(b) Liquidity Risk
Liquidity risk is the risk that the Company will not be able to meet all cash outflow obligations as they come due. The following
policies and procedures are in place to manage this risk:
•     The Company closely manages operating liquidity through cash flow matching of assets and liabilities and forecasting
      earned and required yields, to ensure consistency between policyholder requirements and the yield of assets.
•     Management closely monitors the solvency and capital positions of its principal subsidiaries opposite liquidity requirements
      at the holding company. Additional liquidity is available through established lines of credit or via capital market transactions.
      The Company maintains committed lines of credit with Canadian chartered banks.

(c) Market Risk
Market risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument and the value of insurance and investment
contract liabilities will fluctuate as a result of changes in market factors which include three types: currency risk, interest rate
(including related inflation) risk and equity risk.
Caution Related to Risk Sensitivities
These financial statements include estimates of sensitivities and risk exposure measures for certain risks, such as the sensitivity
due to specific changes in interest rate levels projected and market prices as at the valuation date. Actual results can differ
significantly from these estimates for a variety of reasons including, but not limited to, changes in the Company’s asset or liability
profile, changes in business mix, effective income tax rates, other market factors, differences in the actual exposure relative to
broad market indices, variation in exposures by geography, and general limitations of the Company’s internal models.
For these reasons, the sensitivities should only be viewed as directional estimates of the underlying sensitivities for the
respective factors. Given the nature of these calculations, the Company cannot provide assurance that the actual impact on
shareholders' net earnings will be as indicated.




                                                       Great-West Lifeco Inc. Second Quarter 2026 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements   10

                             P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                         B  49
                                  Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)


                                  (i)     Currency Risk
                                  Currency risk relates to the Company operating and holding financial instruments in different currencies. For the assets backing
                                  insurance and investment contract liabilities that are not matched by currency, changes in foreign exchange rates can expose the
                                  Company to the risk of foreign exchange losses not offset by liability decreases.
                                  •     A 10% weakening of the Canadian dollar against foreign currencies would be expected to increase non-participating
                                        insurance and investment contract liabilities and their supporting assets by approximately the same amount resulting in an
                                        immaterial immediate change to net earnings. A 10% strengthening of the Canadian dollar against foreign currencies would
                                        be expected to decrease non-participating insurance and investment contract liabilities and their supporting assets by
                                        approximately the same amount resulting in an immaterial immediate change in shareholders' net earnings.
                                  The Company has net investments in foreign operations. The Company’s debt obligations are denominated in Canadian dollars,
                                  euros, and U.S. dollars. Foreign currency translation gains and losses from net investments in foreign operations, net of related
                                  hedging activities and tax effects, are recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income. Strengthening or weakening of the
                                  Canadian dollar spot rate compared to the U.S. dollar, British pound and euro spot rates impacts the Company’s total equity.
                                  Correspondingly, the Company’s book value per share and capital ratios monitored by rating agencies are also impacted.
                                  (ii) Interest Rate Risk
                                  Interest rate risk exists if asset and liability cash flows are not closely matched and interest rates change, causing a difference in
                                  the value of assets and the value of liabilities. The following policies and procedures are in place to mitigate the Company's
                                  exposure to interest rate risk:
                                  •     Interest rate risk is managed by investing in assets that are suitable for the products sold.
                                  •     The Company utilizes a formal process for managing the matching of assets and liabilities. This involves grouping general
                                        fund assets and liabilities into segments. Assets in each segment are managed in relation to the liabilities in the segment.




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  •     For products with fixed and highly predictable benefit payments, investments are generally made in fixed income assets or
                                        investment properties whose cash flows closely match the liability product cash flows. Where assets are not available to
                                        match certain period cash flows, such as long-tail cash flows, a portion of these are invested in equities and other non-fixed
                                        income assets, while the rest are duration matched.
                                  •     Hedging instruments are employed when there is a lack of suitable permanent investments or to manage the level of loss
                                        exposure to interest rate changes.
                                  •     To the extent asset and liability cash flows are matched, protection against interest rate change is achieved and any change
                                        in the fair value of the assets will be offset by a similar change in the fair value of the liabilities.
                                  •     For products with less predictable timing of benefit payments, investments are made in fixed income assets with cash flows
                                        of a shorter duration than the anticipated timing of benefit payments, or equities and other non-fixed income assets.
                                  •     The risk associated with the mismatch in portfolio duration and cash flow, asset prepayment exposure and the pace of asset
                                        acquisition are quantified and reviewed regularly.
                                  The impact to shareholders' net earnings from changes in the interest rates would be largely offset by changes in the value of
                                  financial assets supporting the liabilities. However, differences in the interest rate sensitivity in the value of assets and the value
                                  of insurance and investment contract liabilities leads to a sensitivity to interest rate movements in shareholders' net earnings.
                                  The Company's asset liability management strategy uses public equities and other non-fixed income assets as a component of
                                  general fund assets supporting liabilities, which leads to interest rate exposure in shareholders' net earnings. Further, the
                                  classification of financial assets, such as mortgage assets in the United Kingdom which are carried at amortized cost and held in
                                  the general fund assets supporting liabilities, also contributes to interest rate exposure in shareholders' net earnings.
                                  The impact to shareholders' net earnings and equity from an immediate parallel 50 basis point increase or decrease in interest
                                  rates is illustrated in the table below, rounded to the nearest $25:
                                  Change in Market Yield Curves

                                                                                                                   June 30, 2026                                        December 31, 2025
                                                                                                  Increase 50 basis Decrease 50 basis                      Increase 50 basis     Decrease 50 basis
                                                                                                    points interest  points interest                         points interest       points interest
                                                                                                        rates             rates                                  rates                 rates
                                  Net earnings – common shareholders                             $                      25 $                       (50) $                    25 $              (50)
                                  Shareholders' equity                                                                 (25)                        (25)                      —                 (25)

                                  The sensitivities above reflect the immediate impacts on shareholders' net earnings and shareholders’ equity from market
                                  movements.



                                                                                    Great-West Lifeco Inc. Second Quarter 2026 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements               11

                                  B  50                                     P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)


Actual impacts of interest rate changes will vary depending upon the geography where the changes occur. Net earnings are
positively impacted by a parallel increase in interest rates and credit spreads in Canada and the United Kingdom, and are
positively impacted by a parallel decrease in interest rates in the United States and eurozone. Actual impacts of interest rate
changes also vary by the level of change in interest rates by term. Therefore, actual impacts from interest rate changes may
differ materially from the estimated impact of parallel movements in all geographies, which is presented above.
The potential impact on shareholders' net earnings of the Company does not take into account any future potential changes to
the Company's ultimate investment rate (UIR) assumptions. As at both June 30, 2026 and December 31, 2025, the sensitivity of
shareholders' net earnings of the Company to a 10 basis point increase or decrease in the UIR in all geographies would be an
increase of $10 or a decrease of $10 post-tax, respectively, when rounded to the nearest $10.
The impact to shareholders' net earnings and equity from an immediate parallel 50 basis point increase or decrease in credit
spreads is illustrated in the table below, rounded to the nearest $25, with no change to the ultimate illiquidity premium:
Change in Credit Spreads

                                                                               June 30, 2026                                            December 31, 2025
                                                                    Increase 50 basis Decrease 50 basis                       Increase 50 basis Decrease 50 basis
                                                                      points credit      points credit                           points credit      points credit
                                                                         spreads           spreads                                 spreads            spreads
Net earnings – common shareholders                                 $                    200 $                      (225) $                 150 $                (200)
Shareholders' equity                                                                    250                        (325)                   225                  (300)

The sensitivities above reflect the immediate impacts on shareholders' net earnings and shareholders’ equity from market
movements.
Actual impacts of credit spread changes will vary depending on the geographies where the changes occur, and the changes in




                                                                                                                                                                           PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
credit spreads by term. A change in credit spreads may also lead to a change in the allowance for credit risk within the discount
rate, depending on prevailing market and credit conditions at the time; any potential earnings impacts that may arise from such a
change are not reflected in the sensitivities above.
(iii) Equity Risk
Equity risk is the uncertainty associated with the valuation of assets and liabilities arising from changes in equity markets and
other pricing risk. To mitigate this risk, the Company has investment policy guidelines in place that provide for prudent investment
in equity markets within clearly defined limits. The risks associated with segregated fund guarantees on lifetime Guaranteed
Minimum Withdrawal Benefits have been mitigated through a hedging program using equity futures, currency forwards, and
interest rate derivatives.
Some insurance and investment contract liabilities with long-tail cash flows are supported by publicly traded common stocks and
investments in other non-fixed income assets, primarily comprised of investment properties, real estate funds, private stocks, and
equity release mortgages. Shareholders' net earnings will reflect changes in the values of non-fixed income assets. However, in
most cases the value of the liabilities will not fluctuate with changes in the value of the non-fixed income assets.
The liabilities for segregated fund products with guarantees will fluctuate with changes in the value of the non-fixed income
assets. Under current market conditions, there are no material earnings impacts to the Company on segregated fund business
that it does not hedge, as changes in the cost of guarantees are offset within the contractual service margin (CSM). For
segregated fund business that the Company hedges, there is a limited earnings impact with respect to the change in liability
versus the change in hedge assets.
The following table provides information on the expected impacts of an immediate 10% or 20% increase or decrease in the value
of publicly traded common stocks on the shareholders' net earnings and equity, rounded to the nearest $25:
Change in Publicly Traded Common Stock Values

                                              June 30, 2026                                                                  December 31, 2025
                         20%             10%                 10%                  20%                  20%                    10%           10%              20%
                       increase        increase            decrease             decrease             increase               increase      decrease         decrease

Net earnings –
  common
  shareholders     $           50 $                25 $                (25) $              (50) $                75 $              50 $           (50) $          (75)
Shareholders'
  equity                     525                 275                 (275)                (550)                500                250            (250)          (525)

The sensitivities above reflect the immediate impacts on shareholders' net earnings and shareholders’ equity from market
movements.



                                                       Great-West Lifeco Inc. Second Quarter 2026 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements                 12

                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                                       B  51
                                  Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)


                                  The following table provides information on the expected impacts of an immediate 5% or 10% increase or decrease in the value
                                  of other non-fixed income assets on the shareholders' net earnings and equity, rounded to the nearest $25:
                                  Change in Other Non-Fixed Income Asset Values

                                                                            June 30, 2026                                                                 December 31, 2025
                                                            10%           5%              5%                   10%                   10%                  5%                 5%             10%
                                                          increase      increase        decrease             decrease              increase            increase            decrease       decrease
                                  Net earnings –
                                    common
                                    shareholders      $         600 $         300 $               (325) $              (650) $              550 $                275 $          (300) $        (600)
                                  Shareholders'
                                    equity                      650           325                 (350)                (675)                600                  300            (325)          (650)

                                  The sensitivities above reflect the immediate impacts on shareholders' net earnings and shareholders’ equity from market
                                  movements.

                                  7.      Fair Value Measurement
                                  The Company’s assets and liabilities recorded at fair value have been categorized based upon the following fair value hierarchy:
                                  Level 1: Fair value measurements utilize observable, quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities
                                  that the Company has the ability to access. Assets and liabilities utilizing Level 1 inputs include actively exchange-traded equity
                                  securities, exchange-traded futures, and mutual and segregated funds which have available prices in an active market with no
                                  redemption restrictions.
                                  Level 2: Fair value measurements utilize inputs other than quoted prices included in Level 1 that are observable for the asset or




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  liability, either directly or indirectly. Level 2 inputs include quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets, and
                                  inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability, such as interest rates and yield curves that are
                                  observable at commonly quoted intervals. Level 2 assets and liabilities include those priced using a matrix which is based on
                                  credit quality and average life, government and agency securities, restricted stock, some private bonds and investment funds,
                                  most investment-grade and high-yield corporate bonds, most asset-backed securities, most over-the-counter derivatives, and
                                  mortgage loans. Investment contracts that are measured at FVTPL are mostly included in the Level 2 category. Notes issued by
                                  consolidated Collateralized Loan Obligations (CLOs) are measured at FVTPL and included in Level 2.
                                  Level 3: Fair value measurements utilize one or more significant inputs that are not based on observable market inputs and
                                  include situations where there is little, if any, market activity for the asset or liability. The values of the majority of Level 3
                                  securities were obtained from single broker quotes, internal pricing models, or external appraisers. Assets and liabilities utilizing
                                  Level 3 inputs generally include certain bonds, certain asset-backed securities, some private equities, investments in mutual and
                                  segregated funds where there are redemption restrictions, certain over-the-counter derivatives, investment properties and equity
                                  release mortgages.




                                                                                    Great-West Lifeco Inc. Second Quarter 2026 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements                   13

                                  B  52                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)


The following presents the Company’s assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis by hierarchy level:

                                                                                June 30, 2026                                                  December 31, 2025
    Assets measured at fair value                            Level 1         Level 2         Level 3           Total           Level 1         Level 2      Level 3     Total
    Cash and cash equivalents                            $      9,923 $              — $              — $          9,923 $          8,902 $          — $          — $     8,902
    Financial assets at FVTPL
      Bonds                                                         —         166,902               725        167,627                   —     161,130           298    161,428
      Mortgage loans                                                —          25,595             5,897          31,492                  —       26,139        5,664     31,803
      Stocks                                                   12,048              177            7,521          19,746           12,559            183        6,628     19,370
    Total financial assets at FVTPL                            12,048         192,674           14,143         218,865            12,559       187,452        12,590    212,601
    Financial assets at FVOCI
      Bonds                                                         —          12,950                 —          12,950                  —       13,040           —      13,040
      Mortgage loans                                                —              271                —              271                 —          269           —         269
      Stocks                                                    1,197                —                —            1,197            1,033            —            —       1,033
    Total financial assets at FVOCI                             1,197          13,221                 —          14,418             1,033        13,309           —      14,342
    Investment properties                                           —                —            8,647            8,647                 —           —         8,293      8,293
    Derivatives 1                                                   —            2,111                —            2,111                 2        1,861           —       1,863
    Other assets:
      Trading account assets                                      262            3,871                —            4,133                244       3,751           —       3,995
    Other 2                                                         —              237                —              237                 —          615           —         615
    Total assets measured at fair value                  $     23,430 $ 212,114 $               22,790 $ 258,334 $                22,740 $ 206,988 $          20,883 $ 250,611




                                                                                                                                                                                      PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
    Liabilities measured at fair value
    Mortgage on investment property                      $          — $              52 $             — $              52 $              — $         51 $         — $           51
    Derivatives 3                                                      5         2,908                —            2,913                 3        2,409           —       2,412
    Investment contract liabilities                                 —          91,271                 —          91,271                  —       89,042           —      89,042
    Collateralized loan obligation liabilities                      —            4,091                —            4,091                 —        3,904           —       3,904
    Other liabilities 2                                             —              237                —              237                 —          615           —         615
    Total liabilities measured at fair value             $             5 $     98,559 $               — $        98,564 $                3 $     96,021 $         — $    96,024

1     Excludes collateral received from counterparties of $567 at June 30, 2026 ($523 at December 31, 2025).
2     Includes collateral received under securities lending arrangements.
3     Excludes collateral pledged to counterparties of $2,307 at June 30, 2026 ($1,551 at December 31, 2025).

There were no transfers of the Company's assets and liabilities between Level 1 and Level 2 during the period ended June 30,
2026 and the year ended December 31, 2025.




                                                                  Great-West Lifeco Inc. Second Quarter 2026 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements                 14

                                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                                     B  53
                                  Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)


                                  The following presents additional information about assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis and for
                                  which the Company has utilized Level 3 inputs to determine fair value:

                                                                                                                                                        For the six months ended June 30, 2026
                                                                                                                                                              FVTPL                                            Total
                                                                                                                                               FVTPL         mortgage          FVTPL         Investment       Level 3
                                                                                                                                               bonds          loans           stocks 3        properties      assets
                                      Balance, beginning of year                                                                           $        298 $          5,664 $          6,628 $       8,293 $       20,883
                                      Total gains (losses)
                                        Included in net earnings                                                                                      19               22             250             (9)          282
                                        Included in other comprehensive income 1                                                                      1               53               89           108            251
                                      Purchases                                                                                                     105               —               747           267          1,119
                                      Issues                                                                                                         —               287               —             —             287
                                      Sales                                                                                                          (6)              —              (193)           (12)         (211)
                                      Settlements                                                                                                    —              (129)              —              —           (129)
                                      Transferred from owner occupied properties                                                                     —                —                —              —             —
                                      Transfers into Level 3 2                                                                                      308               —                —              —            308
                                      Transfers out of Level 3 2                                                                                     —                —                —             —              —
                                      Balance, end of period                                                                               $        725 $          5,897 $          7,521 $       8,647 $       22,790
                                      Total gains (losses) for the period included in net investment result                                $          19 $             22 $           250 $           (9) $        282
                                      Change in unrealized gains (losses) for the period included in net
                                        earnings for assets held at June 30, 2026                                                          $          19 $             21 $           244 $           (9) $        275




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                                                                                                                                           For the year ended December 31, 2025
                                                                                                                                                              FVTPL                                            Total
                                                                                                                                               FVTPL         mortgage          FVTPL         Investment       Level 3
                                                                                                                                               bonds           loans           stocks 3       properties      assets
                                      Balance, beginning of year                                                                           $        178 $          4,818 $          5,581 $       8,257 $       18,834
                                      Total gains (losses)
                                        Included in net earnings                                                                                       (6)           274              361          (159)           470
                                        Included in other comprehensive income 1                                                                       3               84            (103)          (42)           (58)
                                      Purchases                                                                                                       50               —            1,216           650          1,916
                                      Issues                                                                                                          —              739               —             —             739
                                      Sales                                                                                                           (5)             —              (427)         (439)          (871)
                                      Settlements                                                                                                    —              (251)              —             —            (251)
                                      Transferred from owner occupied properties                                                                     —                —                —             26             26
                                      Transfers into Level 3 2                                                                                       78               —                —             —              78
                                      Transfers out of Level 3 2                                                                                     —                —                —             —              —
                                      Balance, end of year                                                                                 $        298 $          5,664 $          6,628 $       8,293 $       20,883
                                      Total gains (losses) for the year included in net investment result                                  $           (6) $         274 $            361 $        (159) $         470
                                      Change in unrealized gains (losses) for the year included in net earnings for
                                       assets held at December 31, 2025                                                                    $           (6) $         262 $            294 $        (159) $         391

                                  1    Amount of other comprehensive income for FVTPL bonds, mortgage loans and investment properties represents the unrealized gains (losses) on foreign exchange.
                                  2    Transfers into Level 3 are due primarily to decreased observability of inputs in valuation methodologies or the placement of redemption restrictions on investments in mutual
                                       and segregated funds. Transfers out of Level 3 are due primarily to increased observability of inputs in valuation methodologies as evidenced by corroboration of market prices
                                       with multiple pricing vendors or the lifting of redemption restrictions on investments in mutual and segregated funds.
                                  3    Includes investments in mutual and segregated funds where there are redemption restrictions. The fair value is based on observable, quoted prices.




                                                                                                  Great-West Lifeco Inc. Second Quarter 2026 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements                        15

                                  B  54                                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)


The following sets out information about significant unobservable inputs used at period-end in measuring assets categorized as
Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy:

                                                                                                                                       Inter-relationship between
                                                             Significant                                                               key unobservable inputs
Type of asset            Valuation approach                  unobservable input Input value                                            and fair value measurement
Investment               Investment properties are primarily Discount rate           Range of 4.5% - 15.2%                             A decrease in the discount
properties               valued using a discounted cash                                                                                rate would result in an
                         flow model. The determination of                                                                              increase in fair value. An
                         the fair value of investment                                                                                  increase in the discount rate
                         properties requires the use of                                                                                would result in a decrease in
                         estimates such as future cash                                                                                 fair value.
                         flows (such as future leasing       Terminal capitalization Range of 4.3% - 11.0%                             A decrease in the terminal
                         assumptions, rental rates, capital rate                                                                       capitalization rate would
                         and operating expenditures),                                                                                  result in an increase in fair
                         discount rates and terminal                                                                                   value. An increase in the
                         capitalization rates applicable to                                                                            terminal capitalization rate
                         the asset based on current market                                                                             would result in a decrease in
                         rates.                                                                                                        fair value.
                                                                      Vacancy rate                    Weighted average of 8.1%         A decrease in the expected
                                                                                                                                       vacancy rate would generally
                                                                                                                                       result in an increase in fair
                                                                                                                                       value. An increase in the
                                                                                                                                       expected vacancy rate would
                                                                                                                                       generally result in a decrease
                                                                                                                                       in fair value.
Mortgage loans -  The valuation approach for equity                   Discount rate                   Range of 5.0% - 6.7%             A decrease in the discount
equity release    release mortgages is to use an                                                                                       rate would result in an
mortgages (FVTPL) internal valuation model to                                                                                          increase in fair value. An
                  determine the projected asset                                                                                        increase in the discount rate
                  cash flows, including the cost of                                                                                    would result in a decrease in




                                                                                                                                                                            PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                  the no negative equity guarantee                                                                                     fair value.
                  for each individual loan, to
                  aggregate these across all loans
                  and to discount those cash flows
                  back to the valuation date. The
                  projection is done monthly until
                  expected redemption of the loan
                  either voluntarily or on the death/
                  entering into long term care of the
                  loanholders.

Stocks categorized as level 3 in the fair value hierarchy relate to limited partnership investments which are reported at fair value
on initial recognition and subsequently remeasured at fair value at each reporting period based on the closing net asset value
provided by the fund managers. Most of the FVTPL bonds categorized as level 3 are private placements for which the valuation
approach is similar to that of the stocks in level 3.

8.      Insurance Revenue

                                                                                   For the three months                                For the six months
                                                                                      ended June 30                                      ended June 30
                                                                                 2026                        2025                    2026               2025
Contracts not measured under the premium
  allocation approach (PAA)
Amounts relating to changes in liabilities for remaining
  coverage
     Experience adjustments                                            $                     (27) $                      (18) $                (35) $             (45)
     CSM recognized for services provided                                                   359                         340                   709                671
     Change in risk adjustment for non-financial risk for risk
       expired                                                                              152                         149                   305                302
     Expected incurred claims and other insurance service
       expenses                                                                           2,515                       2,481                  4,995              4,921
     Recovery of insurance acquisition cash flows                                           167                         161                   362                328
                                                                                          3,166                       3,113                  6,336              6,177
Contracts measured under the PAA                                                          2,656                       2,438                  5,185              4,860
Total insurance revenue                                                $                  5,822 $                     5,551      $          11,521 $           11,037




                                                           Great-West Lifeco Inc. Second Quarter 2026 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements              16

                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                                  B  55
                                  Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)



                                  9.      Insurance Contracts and Reinsurance Contracts Held

                                  (a) Insurance Contract (Assets) / Liabilities
                                                                                                                                     June 30, 2026
                                                                                             Not measured under the PAA
                                                                            Estimates of               Risk adjustment
                                                                          present value of             for non-financial
                                                                         future cash flows                   risk                           CSM                         PAA                 Total
                                  Assets                                 $                (7,344) $                     1,569 $                     4,369 $                       (180) $           (1,586)
                                  Liabilities                                           136,692                         4,991                      10,054                       14,035          165,772
                                  Liabilities on account of segregated
                                     fund policyholders                                   74,839                            —                            —                          —               74,839
                                                                         $              204,187 $                       6,560 $                    14,423 $                     13,855 $        239,025

                                                                                                                                  December 31, 2025
                                                                                               Not measured under the PAA
                                                                                Estimates of            Risk adjustment
                                                                              present value of          for non-financial
                                                                             future cash flows                risk                          CSM                         PAA                 Total
                                  Assets                                 $                (7,185) $                     1,549 $                     4,267 $                       (202) $           (1,571)
                                  Liabilities                                           132,620                         5,044                      10,130                       13,850          161,644
                                  Liabilities on account of segregated




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                     fund policyholders                                   70,418                            —                            —                          —               70,418
                                                                         $              195,853 $                       6,593 $                    14,397 $                     13,648 $        230,491

                                  (b) Reinsurance Contract Held Assets / (Liabilities)
                                                                                                                                     June 30, 2026
                                                                                             Not measured under the PAA
                                                                            Estimates of               Risk adjustment
                                                                          present value of             for non-financial
                                                                         future cash flows                   risk                           CSM                         PAA                 Total
                                  Assets                                 $                15,570 $                        718 $                        298 $                      169 $             16,755
                                  Liabilities                                             (2,579)                       1,146                          583                         (10)               (860)
                                                                         $                12,991 $                      1,864 $                        881 $                      159 $             15,895

                                                                                                                                  December 31, 2025
                                                                                               Not measured under the PAA
                                                                                Estimates of            Risk adjustment
                                                                              present value of          for non-financial
                                                                             future cash flows                risk                          CSM                         PAA                 Total
                                  Assets                                 $                15,713 $                        708 $                        255 $                      174 $             16,850
                                  Liabilities                                             (2,633)                       1,109                          612                          (7)               (919)
                                                                         $                13,080 $                      1,817 $                        867 $                      167 $             15,931




                                                                                        Great-West Lifeco Inc. Second Quarter 2026 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements                   17

                                  B  56                                         P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)



10. Segregated Funds
The following presents further details of the investments, determined in accordance with the relevant statutory reporting
requirements of each region of the Company's operations, on account of segregated fund policyholders:

(a) Changes in Insurance and Investment Contracts on Account of Segregated Fund
    Policyholders
                                                                                                                                                For the six months
                                                                                                                                                  ended June 30
                                                                                                                                              2026               2025
    Balance, beginning of year                                                                                                            $      551,169 $            496,386
      Additions (deductions):
         Policyholder deposits                                                                                                                       50,150               29,158
         Net investment income                                                                                                                        2,556                2,221
         Net realized capital gains on investments                                                                                                   13,802                9,467
         Net unrealized capital gains (losses) on investments                                                                                        29,234                4,835
         Unrealized gains (losses) due to changes in foreign exchange rates                                                                          11,402               (1,680)
         Policyholder withdrawals                                                                                                                (34,863)              (31,539)
         Change in segregated fund investment in general fund                                                                                           (17)                 13
         Change in general fund investment in segregated fund                                                                                            (6)                  —
         Net transfer from general fund                                                                                                                   9                    7




                                                                                                                                                                                     PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
         Non-controlling mutual funds interest                                                                                                        2,783                 447
    Total                                                                                                                                            75,050               12,929
    Balance, end of period 1, 2                                                                                                           $      626,219 $            509,315

1    At June 30, 2026, $59,941 of investments on account of segregated fund policyholders are reinsured by the Company on a modified coinsurance basis ($58,675 at
     December 31, 2025). Included in this amount are $600 of cash and cash equivalents, $9,416 of bonds, $17 of stocks and units in unit trusts, $49,852 of mutual funds, $77 of
     accrued income and $(21) of other liabilities.
2    At June 30, 2026, $2,851 of investments on account of segregated fund policyholders on the Company’s Consolidated Balance Sheets are expected to be transferred to
     Countrywide in 2026 ($2,787 at December 31, 2025) (note 3). Included in this amount are $93 of cash and cash equivalents, $2,786 of stocks and units in unit trusts and $(28)
     of other liabilities.

(b) Investments on Account of Segregated Fund Policyholders by Fair Value Hierarchy Level
                                                                                                                             June 30, 2026
                                                                                         Level 1                      Level 2             Level 3                Total

    Investments on account of segregated fund
      policyholders 1                                                            $               468,638 $                    142,540 $              17,675 $          628,853

1    Excludes other liabilities, net of other assets, of $2,634.

                                                                                                                          December 31, 2025
                                                                                          Level 1                     Level 2            Level 3                  Total

    Investments on account of segregated fund
       policyholders 1                                                           $               402,281 $                    139,230 $              14,013 $          555,524

1    Excludes other liabilities, net of other assets, of $4,355.

For the six months ended June 30, 2026, certain foreign stock holdings valued at $493 have been transferred from Level 2 to
Level 1 ($2,779 were transferred from Level 1 to Level 2 at December 31, 2025) primarily based on the Company's change in
use of inputs in addition to quoted prices in active markets for certain foreign stock holdings. Level 2 assets include those assets
where fair value is not available from normal market pricing sources, where inputs are utilized in addition to quoted prices in
active markets and where the Company does not have access to the underlying asset details within an investment fund.




                                                                    Great-West Lifeco Inc. Second Quarter 2026 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements             18

                                          P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                                    B  57
                                  Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)


                                  The following presents additional information about the Company's investments on account of segregated fund policyholders for
                                  which the Company has utilized Level 3 inputs to determine fair value:

                                                                                                                                                              June 30, 2026            December 31, 2025
                                  Balance, beginning of year                                                                                              $                  14,013 $             13,354
                                  Total gains (losses) included in segregated fund investment income                                                                           275                  (450)
                                  Purchases                                                                                                                                    427                 2,067
                                  Sales                                                                                                                                        (473)               (1,066)
                                  Transfers into Level 3                                                                                                                      3,588                  135
                                  Transfers out of Level 3                                                                                                                    (155)                   (27)
                                  Balance, end of period                                                                                                  $                  17,675 $             14,013

                                  Transfers into Level 3 are due primarily to decreased observability of inputs in valuation methodologies. Transfers out of Level 3
                                  are due primarily to increased observability of inputs in valuation methodologies as evidenced by corroboration of market prices
                                  with multiple pricing vendors.

                                  11. Share Capital

                                  Common Shares
                                                                                                                                  For the six months ended June 30
                                                                                                                          2026                                                    2025
                                                                                                          Number                 Carrying value                    Number                Carrying value




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  Common shares
                                  Balance, beginning of year                                                906,331,875 $                        5,983              932,107,643 $                  6,071
                                  Shares exercised and issued under share-based payment
                                    plans                                                                      1,530,812                             58                 1,035,148                     39
                                  Shares purchased and cancelled under normal course
                                    issuer bid                                                              (13,397,692)                           (925)               (8,384,563)                  (432)
                                  Excess of redemption proceeds over stated capital per
                                    normal course issuer bid                                                             —                          836                          —                   377
                                  Balance, end of period                                                    894,464,995 $                        5,952              924,758,228 $                  6,055

                                  During the six months ended June 30, 2026, 1,530,812 common shares were exercised under the Company's stock option plan
                                  with a carrying value of $58, including $14 from contributed surplus transferred upon exercise (1,035,148 with a carrying value of
                                  $39, including $18 from contributed surplus transferred upon exercise for the six months ended June 30, 2025).
                                  On January 2, 2026, the Company announced the renewal of its normal course issuer bid (NCIB) commencing January 6, 2026
                                  and terminating January 5, 2027 to purchase for cancellation up to, but not more than, 20,000,000 of its common shares at
                                  market prices. The renewed NCIB continues to permit the Company to purchase its shares from Power Financial Corporation
                                  and certain of its wholly-owned subsidiaries (collectively, PFC) in order for PFC to approximately maintain its proportionate
                                  percentage ownership in the Company. On July 28, 2026, the Company announced an amendment to its current NCIB to
                                  increase the maximum number of common shares that may be repurchased from 20,000,000 common shares to 40,000,000
                                  common shares. The amendment is expected to become effective on July 31, 2026.
                                  During the first quarter of 2026, the Company entered into an automatic purchase plan (APP) with a designated broker to
                                  facilitate repurchases of common shares under the NCIB, including at times when the Company would ordinarily not be permitted
                                  to make purchases due to regulatory restrictions or self-imposed blackout periods. As at June 30, 2026, no obligation for the
                                  repurchase of shares under the APP was recognized.
                                  During the six months ended June 30, 2026, the Company repurchased and subsequently cancelled 13,397,692 common shares
                                  under the current NCIB at a cost of $925 (8,384,563 common shares at a cost of $432 for the six months ended June 30, 2025,
                                  under the previous NCIB). The Company’s share capital was reduced by the average carrying value of the shares repurchased
                                  for cancellation. The excess paid over the average carrying value, including associated taxes and other related fees, was $850
                                  and was recognized as a reduction to accumulated surplus for the six months ended June 30, 2026 ($385 for the six months
                                  ended June 30, 2025, under the previous NCIB).

                                  Preferred Shares
                                  On June 22, 2026, the Company issued 8,000,000, 5.70% Non-Cumulative First Preferred Shares, Series 24 at $25.00 per share
                                  for gross proceeds of $200. Transaction costs incurred in connection with the preferred share issue of $4 ($3 after-tax) were
                                  charged to accumulated surplus.



                                                                                     Great-West Lifeco Inc. Second Quarter 2026 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements                       19

                                  B  58                                      P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)



12. Earnings Per Common Share
The following provides the reconciliation between basic and diluted earnings per common share:

                                                                                For the three months                                For the six months
                                                                                   ended June 30                                      ended June 30
                                                                              2026                        2025                    2026              2025
Earnings
Net earnings - common shareholders, before preferred
  share dividends and other equity distributions                    $                  1,089 $                       927      $          2,331 $            1,819
Preferred share dividends and other equity distributions                                  (50)                        (33)               (100)                 (65)
Net earnings - common shareholders                                  $                  1,039 $                       894      $          2,231 $            1,754


Number of common shares
Average number of common shares outstanding                                  896,475,776                  928,546,140             899,418,426      930,125,524
Add: Potential exercise of outstanding stock options                             7,025,556                   4,344,589              6,376,027            4,284,985
Average number of common shares outstanding -
  diluted basis                                                              903,501,332                  932,890,729             905,794,453      934,410,509


Basic earnings per common share                                     $                   1.16 $                      0.96      $           2.48 $              1.89


Diluted earnings per common share                                   $                   1.15 $                      0.96      $           2.46 $              1.88




                                                                                                                                                                      PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
Dividends per common share                                          $                  0.670 $                     0.610      $          1.340 $            1.220

13. Capital Management
Managing capital is the continual process of establishing and maintaining the quantity and quality of capital appropriate for the
Company and ensuring capital is deployed in a manner consistent with the expectations of the Company’s stakeholders. For
these purposes, the Board of Directors considers the key stakeholders to be the Company’s shareholders, policyholders and
holders of subordinated liabilities in addition to the relevant regulators in the various jurisdictions where the Company and its
subsidiaries operate. Further details on the Company’s capital and how it is managed are described in the Company’s 2025
Annual Report.
In Canada, The Office of the Superintendent of Financial Institutions (OSFI) has established a regulatory capital adequacy
measurement for life insurance companies incorporated under the Insurance Companies Act (Canada) and their subsidiaries.
The Life Insurance Capital Adequacy Test (LICAT) Ratio compares the regulatory capital resources of a company to its required
capital, defined by OSFI, as the aggregate of all defined capital requirements. As at June 30, 2026, Canada Life’s LICAT ratio
exceeded OSFI’s minimum regulatory target.
As at June 30, 2026, the Company’s foreign operations and foreign subsidiaries met all applicable local capital and solvency
requirements.

14. Income Taxes

(a) Income Tax Expense
Income tax recognized in Consolidated Statements of Earnings:

                                                                                For the three months                                For the six months
                                                                                   ended June 30                                      ended June 30
                                                                              2026                        2025                    2026              2025
Current income tax
  Current income tax                                                $                    235 $                         55     $           506 $               209
  Global Minimum Tax (GMT)                                                                 31                          37                  77                  68
Total current income tax                                                                 266                           92                 583                 277
Total deferred income tax                                                               (104)                         (62)               (150)                 (90)
Total income tax expense                                            $                    162 $                         30     $           433 $               187




                                                        Great-West Lifeco Inc. Second Quarter 2026 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements           20

                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                                  B  59
                                  Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)



                                  (b) Effective Income Tax Rate
                                  The Company's effective income tax rate is generally lower than the statutory income tax rate of 28.0% due to benefits related to
                                  non-taxable investment income and lower income tax rates in certain foreign jurisdictions.
                                  The effective income tax rate varies from period to period as a result of changes in the jurisdictional mix of earnings and
                                  movements in non-taxable investment income. It may also be affected by other items such as provision-to-return adjustments,
                                  tax rate changes, the recognition of tax credits and updates to tax estimates, including deferred tax asset recoverability and
                                  uncertain tax position estimates.
                                  The effective income tax rate, calculated based on earnings before income taxes, for the three and six months ended June 30,
                                  2026 was 12.8% and 15.1%, respectively (3.2% and 9.2% for the three and six months ended June 30, 2025, respectively).
                                  The effective income tax rate for the shareholder account for the three and six months ended June 30, 2026 was 14.0% and
                                  15.8%, respectively (5.9% and 11.2% for the three and six months ended June 30, 2025, respectively).
                                  The Company has applied the mandatory temporary exception in IAS 12, Income Taxes from recognizing and disclosing
                                  deferred tax assets and liabilities related to the GMT.




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.




                                                                                 Great-West Lifeco Inc. Second Quarter 2026 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements   21

                                  B  60                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)



15. Segmented Information

(a) Consolidated Net Earnings
                                                                                                       For the three months ended June 30, 2026
                                                                                                                                        Capital and
                                                                                  United                                                   Risk
                                                                                  States            Canada             Europe            Solutions     Corporate      Total
    Segment revenue
      Insurance revenue 1                                                     $            — $            2,504 $            1,905 $         1,379 $          34 $      5,822
      Net investment income 2                                                            914              1,051                585              93            57        2,700
      Changes in fair value on FVTPL assets 2                                              12             2,120                369              (52)          35        2,484
                                                                                         926              5,675              2,859           1,420           126       11,006
      Fee and other income 3                                                           1,269                559                247                5           36        2,116
                                                                                       2,195              6,234              3,106           1,425           162       13,122
    Other insurance results
      Insurance service expenses                                                           —             (1,793)            (1,635)          (1,050)         (32)       (4,510)
      Net expenses from reinsurance contracts                                              —               (357)                (24)            (13)          (7)         (401)
                                                                                           —             (2,150)            (1,659)          (1,063)         (39)       (4,911)
    Other investment results
      Net finance income (expenses) from insurance
        contracts                                                                          —             (3,137)            (1,036)               2          (51)       (4,222)
      Net finance income (expenses) from reinsurance




                                                                                                                                                                                     PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
        contracts                                                                          —                  33                 83              (3)         (19)             94
      Changes in investment contract liabilities                                         (606)               (26)                 (9)            (5)          (1)         (647)
                                                                                         (606)           (3,130)              (962)              (6)         (71)       (4,775)
    Net investment result - insurance contracts on
      account of segregated fund policyholders
      Net investment income                                                                —              3,545              1,268               —            —         4,813
      Net finance expenses from insurance contracts                                        —             (3,545)            (1,268)              —            —         (4,813)
                                                                                           —                  —                  —               —            —               —
    Other income and expenses
      Operating and administrative expenses                                           (1,012)              (533)              (282)             (14)        (118)       (1,959)
      Amortization of finite life intangible assets                                       (60)               (33)               (16)             —            (3)         (112)
      Financing costs                                                                       (2)               —                  —               —           (85)             (87)
      Restructuring and integration expenses                                              (15)                —                  —               —            —               (15)
    Earnings (loss) before income taxes                                                  500                388                187             342          (154)       1,263
    Income taxes                                                                           96                 64                 24             37           (59)         162
    Net earnings (loss) before non-controlling interests                                 404                324                163             305           (95)       1,101
    Attributable to non-controlling interests                                              —                  14                 —               —            (2)             12
    Net earnings (loss) - common shareholders, before
      preferred share dividends and other equity
      distributions                                                                      404                310                163             305           (93)       1,089
    Preferred share dividends and other equity distributions                               —                  —                  —               —            50              50
    Net earnings (loss) - common shareholders                                 $          404 $              310 $              163 $           305 $        (143) $     1,039

1    Included within insurance service result in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.
2    Included within net investment result in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.
3    Included within other income and expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.




                                                                 Great-West Lifeco Inc. Second Quarter 2026 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements                 22

                                       P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                                     B  61
                                  Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)



                                                                                                                                     For the three months ended June 30, 2025
                                                                                                                                                                         Capital and
                                                                                                                   United                                                   Risk
                                                                                                                   States            Canada             Europe            Solutions           Corporate     Total
                                      Segment revenue
                                        Insurance revenue 1                                                    $             — $           2,385 $            1,815 $            1,298 $             53 $      5,551
                                        Net investment income 2                                                            921               719                496                  77             106        2,319
                                        Changes in fair value on FVTPL assets 2                                            514               103                353                 (41)             25         954
                                                                                                                        1,435              3,207              2,664              1,334              184        8,824
                                        Fee and other income 3                                                          1,124                491                233                       4          96        1,948
                                                                                                                        2,559              3,698              2,897              1,338              280      10,772
                                      Other insurance results
                                        Insurance service expenses                                                           —            (1,647)            (1,573)            (1,048)              (47)     (4,315)
                                        Net expenses from reinsurance contracts                                              —              (346)                (12)               (13)              (8)       (379)
                                                                                                                             —            (1,993)            (1,585)            (1,061)              (55)     (4,694)
                                      Other investment results
                                        Net expenses from insurance contracts                                                —              (657)              (885)                (24)             (71)     (1,637)
                                        Net finance income (expenses) from reinsurance
                                          contracts                                                                          —                (16)                13                  (2)            (13)           (18)
                                        Changes in investment contract liabilities                                     (1,173)                (13)                 —                  (7)             (2)     (1,195)
                                                                                                                       (1,173)              (686)              (872)                (33)             (86)     (2,850)
                                      Net investment result - insurance contracts on account of
                                        segregated fund policyholders




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                        Net investment income                                                                —             1,342                319                   —              —         1,661
                                        Net finance expenses from insurance contracts                                        —            (1,342)              (319)                  —              —        (1,661)
                                                                                                                             —                 —                   —                  —              —              —
                                      Other income and expenses
                                        Operating and administrative expenses                                              (937)            (490)              (285)                (12)             (75)     (1,799)
                                        Amortization of finite life intangible assets                                       (59)              (32)               (18)                 (1)             (2)       (112)
                                        Financing costs                                                                       (1)              —                   —                  (1)            (99)       (101)
                                        Restructuring and integration expenses                                                (8)           (226)                (23)                 (9)            —          (266)
                                      Earnings (loss) before income taxes                                                  381               271                114                 221              (37)       950
                                      Income taxes                                                                          76                 22                (12)                27              (83)           30
                                      Net earnings before non-controlling interests                                        305               249                126                 194              46         920
                                      Attributable to non-controlling interests                                              —                  (6)                —                  —               (1)            (7)
                                      Net earnings - common shareholders, before preferred
                                        share dividends                                                                    305               255                126                 194              47         927
                                      Preferred share dividends                                                              —                 —                   —                  —              33             33
                                      Net earnings - common shareholders                                       $           305 $             255 $              126 $               194 $            14 $       894

                                  1    Included within insurance service result in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.
                                  2    Included within net investment result in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.
                                  3    Included within other income and expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.




                                                                                                  Great-West Lifeco Inc. Second Quarter 2026 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements                      23

                                  B  62                                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)



                                                                                                         For the six months ended June 30, 2026
                                                                                                                                        Capital and
                                                                                  United                                                   Risk
                                                                                  States            Canada             Europe            Solutions     Corporate      Total
    Segment revenue
      Insurance revenue 1                                                     $            — $            4,932 $            3,789 $         2,715 $          85 $     11,521
      Net investment income 2                                                          1,786              2,064                952             239           165        5,206
      Changes in fair value on FVTPL assets 2                                            (546)            1,665               (382)           (320)           (2)         415
                                                                                       1,240              8,661              4,359           2,634           248       17,142
      Fee and other income 3                                                           2,486              1,096                497                8           69        4,156
                                                                                       3,726              9,757              4,856           2,642           317       21,298
    Other insurance results
      Insurance service expenses                                                           —             (3,447)            (3,267)          (1,993)        (102)       (8,809)
      Net expenses from reinsurance contracts                                              —               (755)                (43)            (25)         (16)         (839)
                                                                                           —             (4,202)            (3,310)          (2,018)        (118)       (9,648)
    Other investment results
      Net finance income (expenses) from insurance
        contracts                                                                          —             (3,575)              (538)            166           (78)       (4,025)
      Net finance income from reinsurance contracts                                        —                  31               105                3           —           139
      Changes in investment contract liabilities                                         (652)               (31)                 (8)            (2)          (4)         (697)
                                                                                         (652)           (3,575)              (441)            167           (82)       (4,583)
    Net investment result - insurance contracts on
      account of segregated fund policyholders




                                                                                                                                                                                     PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
      Net investment income                                                                —              3,756              1,102               —            —         4,858
      Net finance expenses from insurance contracts                                        —             (3,756)            (1,102)              —            —         (4,858)
                                                                                           —                  —                  —               —            —               —
    Other income and expenses
      Operating and administrative expenses                                           (1,985)              (958)              (580)             (27)        (216)       (3,766)
      Amortization of finite life intangible assets                                      (120)               (66)               (32)             —            (6)         (224)
      Financing costs                                                                       (5)               —                  —               (1)        (168)         (174)
      Restructuring and integration expenses                                              (35)                —                  —               —            —               (35)
    Earnings (loss) before income taxes                                                  929                956                493             763          (273)       2,868
    Income taxes                                                                         173                188                  75            105          (108)         433
    Net earnings (loss) before non-controlling interests                                 756                768                418             658          (165)       2,435
    Attributable to non-controlling interests                                              —                102                  —               —             2          104
    Net earnings (loss) - common shareholders, before
      preferred share dividends and other equity
      distributions                                                                      756                666                418             658          (167)       2,331
    Preferred share dividends and other equity distributions                               —                  —                  —               —           100          100
    Net earnings (loss) - common shareholders                                 $          756 $              666 $              418 $           658 $        (267) $     2,231

1    Included within insurance service result in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.
2    Included within net investment result in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.
3    Included within other income and expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.




                                                                 Great-West Lifeco Inc. Second Quarter 2026 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements                 24

                                       P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                                     B  63
                                  Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)



                                                                                                                                     For the six months ended June 30, 2025
                                                                                                                                                                         Capital and
                                                                                                                   United                                                   Risk
                                                                                                                   States            Canada             Europe            Solutions           Corporate      Total
                                      Segment revenue
                                        Insurance revenue 1                                                    $             — $           4,806 $            3,541 $            2,578 $            112 $     11,037
                                        Net investment income 2                                                         1,829              1,585                900                 151             189         4,654
                                        Changes in fair value on FVTPL assets 2                                         1,447                841                 (20)              (160)            105         2,213
                                                                                                                        3,276              7,232              4,421              2,569              406       17,904
                                        Fee and other income 3                                                          2,277                987                466                       8         121         3,859
                                                                                                                        5,553              8,219              4,887              2,577              527       21,763
                                      Other insurance results
                                        Insurance service expenses                                                           —            (3,339)            (3,054)            (2,099)              (99)      (8,591)
                                        Net expenses from reinsurance contracts                                              —              (717)                (53)               (23)             (16)        (809)
                                                                                                                             —            (4,056)            (3,107)            (2,122)            (115)       (9,400)
                                      Other investment results
                                        Net finance income (expenses) from insurance
                                          contracts                                                                          —            (2,148)              (730)                 34            (219)       (3,063)
                                        Net finance income (expenses) from reinsurance
                                          contracts                                                                          —                  (2)            (146)                      2          (11)        (157)
                                        Changes in investment contract liabilities                                     (2,727)                (49)                 —                (24)              (3)      (2,803)
                                                                                                                       (2,727)            (2,199)              (876)                 12            (233)       (6,023)
                                      Net investment result - insurance contracts on account of




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                        segregated fund policyholders
                                        Net investment income                                                                —             1,356                  55                  —              —          1,411
                                        Net finance expenses from insurance contracts                                        —            (1,356)                (55)                 —              —         (1,411)
                                                                                                                             —                 —                   —                  —              —               —
                                      Other income and expenses
                                        Operating and administrative expenses                                          (1,894)            (1,000)              (533)                (24)           (157)       (3,608)
                                        Amortization of finite life intangible assets                                      (120)              (64)               (33)                 (1)             (5)        (223)
                                        Financing costs                                                                       (3)              —                   —                  (2)          (199)         (204)
                                        Restructuring and integration expenses                                                (9)           (226)                (33)                 (9)            —           (277)
                                      Earnings (loss) before income taxes                                                  800               674                305                 431            (182)        2,028
                                      Income taxes                                                                         157                 98                 12                 53            (133)         187
                                      Net earnings (loss) from continuing operations before
                                        non-controlling interests                                                          643               576                293                 378              (49)       1,841
                                      Attributable to non-controlling interests                                              —                 20                  —                  —                2             22
                                      Net earnings (loss) from continuing operations before
                                        preferred share dividends                                                          643               556                293                 378              (51)       1,819
                                      Preferred share dividends                                                              —                 —                   —                  —              65              65
                                      Net earnings (loss) - common shareholders                                $           643 $             556 $              293 $               378 $          (116) $      1,754

                                  1    Included within insurance service result in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.
                                  2    Included within net investment result in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.
                                  3    Included within other income and expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.




                                                                                                  Great-West Lifeco Inc. Second Quarter 2026 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements                      25

                                  B  64                                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)


Revenue by Source Currency for Capital and Risk Solutions
                                                                                    For the three months                                     For the six months
                                                                                       ended June 30                                           ended June 30
                                                                                  2026                        2025                         2026                2025
Revenue
United States                                                           $                    414 $                       300       $               793 $                736
United Kingdom                                                                               650                         613                      1,155                1,117
Japan                                                                                         (74)                        (30)                     (126)                 (82)
Other                                                                                        435                         455                       820                  806
Total revenue                                                           $                  1,425 $                     1,338       $              2,642 $              2,577
Negative income in the table above is primarily due to unrealized fair value losses through profit or loss on bonds.

(b) Consolidated Total Assets and Liabilities
                                                                                                                  June 30, 2026
                                                                      United                                                               Capital and
                                                                      States                  Canada                   Europe             Risk Solutions       Total
Assets
Invested assets                                                 $            93,315 $                105,044 $                48,096 $             11,375 $       257,830
Insurance contract assets                                                        304                     450                       513                319              1,586
Reinsurance contract held assets                                             11,668                    1,254                      3,733               100             16,755
Goodwill and intangible assets                                                6,508                    6,790                      3,184                   —           16,482




                                                                                                                                                                                PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
Other assets                                                                 16,274                    6,037                      4,672               156             27,139
Investments on account of segregated fund
   policyholders                                                            277,144                  137,598                211,477                       —       626,219
Total                                                           $           405,213 $                257,173 $              271,675 $              11,950 $       946,011


Liabilities
Insurance contract liabilities                                  $            17,125 $                 94,926 $                47,121 $              6,600 $       165,772
Investment contract liabilities                                              86,800                    3,230                       672                569             91,271
Reinsurance contract held liabilities                                            146                     314                       352                    48            860
Other liabilities                                                            12,338                    9,685                      3,794             1,470             27,287
Insurance contracts on account of segregated fund
   policyholders                                                             15,146                   40,715                  18,978                      —           74,839
Investment contracts on account of segregated
   fund policyholders                                                       261,998                   96,883                192,499                       —       551,380
Total                                                           $           393,553 $                245,753 $              263,416 $               8,687 $       911,409




                                                            Great-West Lifeco Inc. Second Quarter 2026 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements                 26

                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                                        B  65
                                  Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)



                                                                                                                                                      December 31, 2025
                                                                                                            United                                                              Capital and Risk
                                                                                                            States                  Canada                    Europe               Solutions                  Total
                                      Assets
                                      Invested assets                                                 $            89,945 $               102,100 $                 46,795 $                 11,211 $              250,051
                                      Insurance contract assets                                                        315                     445                       534                      277                 1,571
                                      Reinsurance contract held assets                                             11,818                     1,224                   3,705                       103               16,850
                                      Goodwill and intangible assets                                                6,283                     6,734                   3,178                        —                16,195
                                      Other assets                                                                 16,339                     6,162                   4,388                       103               26,992
                                      Investments on account of segregated fund
                                         policyholders                                                            234,212                 125,176                 191,781                          —               551,169
                                      Total                                                           $           358,912 $               241,841 $               250,381 $                  11,694 $              862,828


                                      Liabilities
                                      Insurance contract liabilities                                  $            17,632 $                91,645 $                 45,504 $                     6,863 $           161,644
                                      Investment contract liabilities                                              84,620                     3,456                      377                      589               89,042
                                      Reinsurance contract held liabilities                                            158                     321                       397                       43                  919
                                      Other liabilities                                                            12,140                     9,835                   3,756                      1,320              27,051
                                      Insurance contracts on account of segregated fund
                                         policyholders                                                             14,265                  38,237                   17,916                         —                70,418
                                      Investment contracts on account of segregated
                                         fund policyholders                                                       219,947                  86,939                 173,865                          —               480,751
                                      Total                                                           $           348,762 $               230,433 $               241,815 $                      8,815 $           829,825




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  Assets by Source Currency for Capital and Risk Solutions
                                                                                                                                                                           June 30, 2026            December 31, 2025
                                      Assets
                                      United States                                                                                                                    $                   4,900 $                    4,702
                                      United Kingdom                                                                                                                                       3,689                      3,765
                                      Japan                                                                                                                                                2,655                      2,722
                                      Other                                                                                                                                                  706                       505
                                      Total assets                                                                                                                     $                  11,950 $                  11,694

                                  (c) CSM
                                                                                                                                   For the six months ended June 30, 2026
                                                                                                     Non-Participating (excluding Segregated Funds)
                                                                                                                                               Capital
                                                                                                  United                                      and Risk                       Segregated
                                                                                                  States         Canada         Europe        Solutions          Total         Funds    Participating Total 1
                                      CSM, beginning of year                                     $         60 $        513 $        3,866 $         2,430 $        6,869 $            3,175 $              3,486 $13,530
                                         CSM recognized for services provided                              (3)         (29)           (174)           (151)          (357)                (208)             (83)       (648)
                                         Contracts initially recognized in the period                      —            11             142              46            199                  63                51        313
                                         Changes in estimates that adjust the CSM                          2             (4)           (49)            (50)          (101)                224                43        166
                                         Net finance (income) expenses from
                                           insurance contracts                                             —              8             48              32             88                   (7)              —          81
                                         Effect of movement in exchange rates                              2             —              49              35             86                    7                7        100
                                      CSM, end of period                                         $         61 $        499 $        3,882 $         2,342 $        6,784 $            3,254 $              3,504 $13,542

                                  1     The amounts in the table above are presented net of reinsurance.




                                                                                                  Great-West Lifeco Inc. Second Quarter 2026 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements                          27

                                  B  66                                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)



                                                                                                    For the year ended December 31, 2025
                                                                     Non-Participating (excluding Segregated Funds)
                                                                                                              Capital
                                                                  United                                     and Risk                        Segregated
                                                                  States       Canada          Europe        Solutions          Total          Funds       Participating    Total 1
    CSM, beginning of year                                      $        55 $        690 $         3,664 $         2,436 $       6,845 $          3,268 $         3,255 $13,368
      CSM recognized for services provided                               (8)          (67)          (326)           (269)          (670)           (407)           (155)    (1,232)
      Contracts initially recognized in the year                         —             40            267             100               407          126             109        642
      Changes in estimates that adjust the CSM                           14         (168)                5             28          (121)             83             289        251
      Net finance (income) expenses from
        insurance contracts                                               2            18              91              65              176          (15)              —        161
      Effect of movement in exchange rates                               (3)           —             165               70              232          120              (12)      340
    CSM, end of year                                            $        60 $        513 $         3,866 $         2,430 $       6,869 $          3,175 $         3,486 $13,530

1    The amounts in the table above are presented net of reinsurance.




                                                                                                                                                                                       PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.




                                                                 Great-West Lifeco Inc. Second Quarter 2026 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements                   28

                                       P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                                         B  67
Page intentionally left blank.




     B  68                       P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
                              IGM Financial Inc.
                                                  PART C




Management’s Discussion and Analysis
PAGE C 2



Financial Statements and Notes
PAGE C 56




Please note that the bottom of each page in Part C contains two different
page numbers. A page number with the preﬁx “C” refers to the number of
such page in this document and the page number without any preﬁx refers to
the number of such page in the original document issued by IGM Financial Inc.



The attached documents concerning IGM Financial Inc. are documents
prepared and publicly disclosed by such subsidiary, and are available under
such subsidiary’s proﬁle on SEDAR+, at www.sedarplus.ca. Certain statements
in the attached documents, other than statements of historical fact, are
forward-looking statements based on certain assumptions and reﬂect the
current expectations of the subsidiary as set forth therein. Forward-looking
statements are provided for the purposes of assisting the reader in understanding
the subsidiary’s ﬁnancial performance, ﬁnancial position and cash ﬂows as at
and for the periods ended on certain dates and to present information about
the subsidiary’s management’s current expectations and plans relating to the
future and the reader is cautioned that such statements may not be appropriate for
other purposes.

By its nature, forward-looking information is subject to inherent risks and




                                                                                                       PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
uncertainties that may be general or speciﬁc and which give rise to the possibility
that expectations, forecasts, predictions, projections or conclusions will not
prove to be accurate, that assumptions may not be correct and that objectives,
strategic goals and priorities will not be achieved.

For further information provided by the subsidiary as to the material factors
that could cause actual results to differ materially from the content of forward-
looking statements, the material factors and assumptions that were applied
in making the forward-looking statements, and the subsidiary’s policy for
updating the content of forward-looking statements, please see the attached
documents, including the section entitled Forward-looking Statements. The
reader is cautioned to consider these factors and assumptions carefully and
not to put undue reliance on forward-looking statements.




P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6   C  1
                                         Management’s
                                         Discussion
                                         and Analysis
                                         IGM Financial Inc.
                                         Summary of Consolidated Operating Results                                        7

                                         Wealth Management
                                         Review of the Business                                                         18
                                         Review of Segment Operating Results                                            23

                                         Asset Management
                                         Review of the Business                                                         30
                                         Review of Segment Operating Results                                            36

                                         Corporate and Other
                                         Review of Segment Operating Results                                            41

                                         IGM Financial Inc.




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                         Consolidated Financial Position                                                43
                                         Consolidated Liquidity and Capital Resources                                   47
                                         Risk Management                                                                51
                                         Critical Accounting Estimates and Policies                                     56
                                         Internal Control Over Financial Reporting                                      57
                                         Other Information                                                              57




                              4   IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2026 SECOND QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


                                  C  2                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
Management’s Discussion and Analysis
The Management’s Discussion and Analysis (MD&A) presents management’s view of the results of operations and
financial condition of IGM Financial Inc. (IGM Financial or the Company) as at and for the three and six months
ended June 30, 2026 and should be read in conjunction with the unaudited Interim Condensed Consolidated
Financial Statements (Interim Financial Statements) as well as the 2025 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report and the 2026
IGM Financial Inc. First Quarter Report to Shareholders filed on www.sedarplus.ca. Commentary in the MD&A as at
and for the three and six months ended June 30, 2026 is as of July 29, 2026.

Basis of Presentation and Summary of Accounting Policies
The Interim Financial Statements of IGM Financial, which are the basis of the information presented in the Company’s
MD&A, have been prepared in accordance with International Accounting Standard 34, Interim Financial Reporting and
are presented in Canadian dollars (Note 2 to the Interim Financial Statements).

Forward-looking Statements
Certain statements in this report, other than statements of historical                       affect the operations, performance and results of the Company
fact, are forward-looking statements based on certain assumptions                            and its subsidiaries and strategic investments, and their businesses,
and reflect IGM Financial Inc.’s (IGM Financial, IGM or the Company)                         and could cause actual results to differ materially from current
and, where applicable, its subsidiaries’ and strategic investments’,                         expectations of estimated or anticipated events or results. These
current expectations. Forward-looking statements are provided                                factors include, but are not limited to: the impact or unanticipated
to assist the reader in understanding the Company’s, and its                                 impact of general economic, political and market factors in North
subsidiaries and strategic investments, financial position and results                       America and internationally, interest and foreign exchange rates,
of operations as at and for the periods ended on certain dates and                           global equity and capital markets, management of market liquidity
to present information about management’s current expectations                               and funding risks, changes in accounting policies and methods used
and plans relating to the future. Readers are cautioned that such                            to report financial condition (including uncertainties associated with
statements may not be appropriate for other purposes. These                                  critical accounting assumptions and estimates), the effect of applying
statements may include, without limitation, statements regarding the                         future accounting changes, operational and reputational risks,
operations, business, financial condition, expected financial results,                       environmental and social risks, business competition, technological
performance, prospects, opportunities, priorities, targets, goals,                           change including artificial intelligence, changes in government
ongoing objectives, strategies and outlook of the Company, and its                           regulations and legislation, changes in tax laws, the impact of trade
subsidiaries and strategic investments, as well as the outlook for North                     relations, unexpected judicial or regulatory proceedings, catastrophic
American and international economies, for the current fiscal year and                        events, outbreaks of disease or pandemics (such as COVID-19),
subsequent periods. Forward-looking statements include statements                            the Company’s ability to complete strategic transactions, integrate
that are predictive in nature, depend upon or refer to future events                         acquisitions and implement other growth strategies, and the
or conditions, or include words such as “expects”, “anticipates”,                            Company’s and its subsidiaries’ and strategic investments’ success in
“plans”, “believes”, “estimates”, “seeks”, “intends”, “targets”, “projects”,                 anticipating and managing the foregoing factors.
“forecasts” or negative versions thereof and other similar expressions,
                                                                                             The reader is cautioned that the foregoing list is not exhaustive of
or future or conditional verbs such as “may”, “will”, “should”, “would”
                                                                                             the factors that may affect any of the Company’s forward-looking
and “could”.
                                                                                             statements. The reader is also cautioned to consider these and other
This information is based upon certain material factors or assumptions                       factors, uncertainties and potential events carefully and not place
that were applied in drawing a conclusion or making a forecast or                            undue reliance on forward-looking statements.
projection as reflected in the forward-looking statements, including
                                                                                             Other than as specifically required by applicable Canadian law, the
the perception of historical trends, current conditions and expected
                                                                                             Company undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking
future developments, as well as other factors that are believed to
                                                                                             statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date on
be appropriate in the circumstances. While the Company considers
                                                                                             which such statements are made, or to reflect the occurrence of
these assumptions to be reasonable based on information currently
                                                                                             unanticipated events, whether as a result of new information, future




                                                                                                                                                                        PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
available to management, they may prove to be incorrect.
                                                                                             events or results, or otherwise.
By its nature, this information is subject to inherent risks and
                                                                                             Additional information about the risks and uncertainties of the
uncertainties that may be general or specific and which give rise to
                                                                                             Company’s business and material factors or assumptions on which
the possibility that expectations, forecasts, predictions, projections or
                                                                                             information contained in forward-looking statements is based is
conclusions will not prove to be accurate, that assumptions may not
                                                                                             provided in its disclosure materials, including this Management’s
be correct and that objectives, including environmental and social,
                                                                                             Discussion and Analysis and its most recent Annual Information Form,
strategic goals and priorities will not be achieved.
                                                                                             filed with the securities regulatory authorities in Canada, available at
A variety of material factors, many of which are beyond the                                  www.sedarplus.ca.
Company’s and its subsidiaries’ and strategic investments’ control,




                                               IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2026 SECOND QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                              5
                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                               C  3
                              Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures
                              This report contains Non-IFRS financial measures and non-IFRS ratios                  This report also contains other financial measures which include:
                              that do not have standard meanings prescribed by International
                                                                                                                    • Assets Under Management and Advisement (AUM&A) represents
                              Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) and may not be directly
                                                                                                                      the consolidated AUM and AUA of IGM Financial’s core businesses
                              comparable to similar measures used by other companies. These
                                                                                                                      IG Wealth Management and Mackenzie Investments. In the Wealth
                              measures and ratios are used to provide management, investors
                                                                                                                      Management segment, AUM is a component part of AUA. All
                              and investment analysts with additional measures to assess
                                                                                                                      instances where the asset management segment is providing
                              earnings performance.
                                                                                                                      investment management services or distributing its products
                              Non-IFRS financial measures include, but are not limited to, “adjusted                  through the Wealth Management segment are eliminated in
                              net earnings available to common shareholders”, “adjusted net                           IGM Financial’s reporting such that there is no double-counting
                              earnings”, “adjusted earnings before income taxes”, “adjusted                           of the same client savings held at IGM Financial’s core businesses.
                              earnings before interest and taxes” (Adjusted EBIT), “earnings
                                                                                                                    • Assets Under Advisement (AUA) are the key driver of the Wealth
                              before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization before sales
                                                                                                                      Management segment. AUA are savings and investment products
                              commissions” (EBITDA before sales commissions), and “earnings
                                                                                                                      held within client accounts of our Wealth Management segment
                              before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization after sales
                                                                                                                      core business.
                              commissions” (EBITDA after sales commissions). These measures
                              exclude other items which are items of a non-recurring nature,                        • Non-fee-bearing assets are institutional client assets for which the
                              or that could make the period-over-period comparison of results                         Company does not earn ongoing advisory fees. These assets are
                              from operations less meaningful. These measures also exclude the                        included for reporting completeness but do not contribute to
                              Company’s proportionate share of items that Great-West Lifeco Inc.                      recurring fee revenue.
                              (Great West) excludes from its IFRS reported net earnings in arriving
                                                                                                                    • Assets Under Management (AUM) are the key driver of the Asset
                              at Great West’s base earnings. Base earnings is an alternate measure
                                                                                                                      Management segment. AUM are an additional driver of revenues
                              Great West uses to understand the underlying business performance
                                                                                                                      and expenses within the Wealth Management segment in relation
                              compared to IFRS net earnings. Great West’s financial information
                                                                                                                      to its investment management activities. AUM are client assets
                              can be obtained in its disclosure materials filed on www.sedarplus.ca.
                                                                                                                      where we provide investment management services, and include
                              EBITDA before sales commissions excludes all sales commissions.
                                                                                                                      investment funds where we are the fund manager, investment
                              EBITDA after sales commissions includes all sales commissions and
                                                                                                                      advisory mandates to institutions, and other client accounts where
                              highlights aggregate cash flows.
                                                                                                                      we have discretionary portfolio management responsibilities.
                              Non-IFRS ratios include the following:
                                                                                                                    • Assets Under Management and Advisement Including Strategic
                                                                                                                      Investments (AUM&A Including SI) represents AUM&A including
                               Ratio                   Numerator             Denominator
                                                                                                                      the Company’s proportionate share of the AUM&A of strategic
                               Adjusted earnings       Adjusted net          Average number of                        investments based on the Company’s interest in the strategic
                               per share               earnings available    outstanding common                       investments. The strategic investments included are those whose
                               (Adjusted EPS)          to common             shares on a diluted basis                activities are primarily in asset and wealth management, and include
                                                       shareholders                                                   ChinaAMC, Northleaf, Rockefeller and Wealthsimple. Rockefeller
                               Return (Adjusted        Net earnings          Average shareholders’                    client assets include assets under management and advisement
                               return) on equity       (Adjusted net         equity                                   as well as assets held for investment purposes and only receiving
                               (ROE, Adjusted ROE)     earnings) available                                            administrative services.
                                                       to common                                                    • Working Capital which consists of current assets less current liabilities
                                                       shareholders                                                   excluding assets and liabilities not reflective of ongoing operations.
                               ROE (Adjusted ROE)      Net earnings          Average shareholders’                  • Unallocated Capital represents capital not allocated to any of
                               excluding the impact    (Adjusted net         equity excluding                         the operating companies and which would be available for
                               of fair value through   earnings) available   the impact of fair
                                                                                                                      investment, debt repayment, distribution to shareholders or other
                               other comprehensive     to common             value through other
                                                                                                                      corporate purposes.
                               income investments      shareholders          comprehensive income
                                                                             investments net of tax
                              Refer to the appropriate reconciliations of non-IFRS financial measures,
                              including as components of non-IFRS ratios, to reported results in
                              accordance with IFRS in Tables 1 to 4.




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.




                              6     IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2026 SECOND QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


                                   C  4                                         P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
IGM Financial Inc.
Summary of Consolidated Operating Results
IGM Financial Inc. (TSX:IGM) is a leading wealth and                                   $1.20 per share. Net earnings available to common
asset management company supporting advisors                                           shareholders for the six months ended June 30, 2026
and the clients they serve in Canada, and institutional                                were $545.3 million or $2.32 per share compared to
investors globally. The Company operates through                                       net earnings available to common shareholders of
a number of operating subsidiaries and also holds a                                    $480.5 million or $2.02 per share for the comparative
number of strategic investments that provide benefits                                  period in 2025, representing an increase of 14.9% in
to these subsidiaries while furthering the Company’s                                   earnings per share.
growth prospects. The Company’s wealth management                                      Adjusted net earnings available to common shareholders
segment consists of IG Wealth Management (IG), and                                     (a non-IFRS measure – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures
strategic investments in Rockefeller Capital Management                                and Other Financial Measures and Table 1), excluding
(Rockefeller) and Wealthsimple Financial Corp.                                         other items outlined below, for the three months ended
(Wealthsimple). The asset management segment consists                                  June 30, 2026 were $330.0 million or $1.41 per share,
of Mackenzie Investments (Mackenzie) and strategic                                     which were both at record highs, compared to adjusted
investments in China Asset Management Co., Ltd.                                        net earnings available to common shareholders of
(ChinaAMC) and Northleaf Capital Group Ltd. (Northleaf).                               $252.7 million or $1.07 per share in 2025, representing
The Company also holds an investment in Great-West                                     an increase of 31.8% in adjusted earnings per share.
Lifeco Inc. (Great West).                                                              Adjusted net earnings available to common shareholders
IGM Financial’s Assets Under Management and                                            in the current quarter represented an increase of 16.5%
Advisement Including Strategic Investments (AUM&A                                      in adjusted earnings per share from $284.3 million or
Including SI) were $622.1 billion at June 30, 2026,                                    $1.21 per share for the three months ended March 31,
compared to $521.1 billion at June 30, 2025 and                                        2026. Adjusted net earnings available to common
$566.2 billion at December 31, 2025, as detailed in Table 6.                           shareholders, excluding other items outlined below, for
IGM Financial’s Assets Under Management and                                            the six months ended June 30, 2026 were $614.3 million
Advisement (AUM&A) were $343.3 billion at June 30, 2026,                               or $2.62 per share compared to adjusted net earnings
a record high, compared to $283.9 billion at June 30, 2025                             available to common shareholders of $490.5 million
and $310.1 billion at December 31, 2025. IGM Financial’s                               or $2.06 per share in 2025, representing an increase of
Assets Under Management and Advisement (AUM&A)                                         27.2% in adjusted earnings per share.
excluding non-fee-bearing assets were $340.6 billion                                   Other items for the six months ended June 30, 2026
at June 30, 2026, compared to $283.9 billion at June 30,                               consisted of:
2025 and $310.1 billion at December 31, 2025. Average                                  • The Company’s proportionate share of items Great
total AUM&A excluding non-fee-bearing assets for the                                     West excludes from its base earnings (Great West
second quarter of 2026 were $328.5 billion compared                                      other items) of ($7.0) million, including ($6.5) million
to $273.8 billion in the second quarter of 2025. Average                                 recorded in the second quarter, reflecting the
total AUM&A excluding non-fee-bearing assets for the                                     Company’s proportionate share of items Great West




                                                                                                                                                    PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
six months ended June 30, 2026 were $322.2 billion                                       excludes from its IFRS reported net earnings to arrive
compared to $274.3 billion for the six months ended                                      at base earnings, which are an alternate measure Great
June 30, 2025.                                                                           West uses to understand the underlying business
Net earnings available to common shareholders for the                                    performance compared to IFRS net earnings. Great
three months ended June 30, 2026 were $261.5 million                                     West’s financial information can be obtained in its
or $1.12 per share, compared to net earnings available                                   disclosure materials filed on www.sedarplus.ca.
to common shareholders of $246.7 million or $1.04 per                                  • Restructuring and other charges of $70.1 million after
share for the comparative period in 2025, representing                                   tax ($95.3 million pre-tax), recorded in the second
an increase of 7.7% in earnings per share. Net earnings                                  quarter, related to actions taken to simplify the
available to common shareholders for the three                                           Company’s organizational structure and operating
months ended March 31, 2026 were $283.8 million or                                       model, and to improve efficiency. These actions


                                         IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2026 SECOND QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                 7
                         P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                   C  5
                              Table 1: Reconciliation of Non-IFRS Financial Measures
                                                                                                                                                  Three months ended                     Six months ended
                                                                                                                                      2026            2026               2025             2026        2025
                              ($ millions except EPS)                                                                               Jun. 30          Mar. 31           Jun. 30          Jun. 30     Jun. 30
                              Adjusted net earnings available to common shareholders(1)                                        $      330.0 $           284.3 $           252.7     $     614.3 $     490.5
                               Great West other items                                                                                   (6.5)            (0.5)             (6.0)            (7.0)     (10.0)
                               Restructuring and other, net of tax                                                                    (70.1)                –                 –           (70.1)          –
                               Rockefeller equity compensation                                                                          (0.9)               –                 –             (0.9)         –
                               Gain on partial sale of investment in associates, net of tax                                              9.0                –                 –              9.0          –
                              Net earnings available to common shareholders                                                    $      261.5 $           283.8 $           246.7     $     545.3 $     480.5
                              Adjusted earnings per share(1)                                                                   $        1.41 $            1.21 $            1.07    $      2.62 $      2.06
                               Great West other items                                                                                  (0.03)            (0.01)            (0.03)         (0.03)      (0.04)
                               Restructuring and other, net of tax                                                                     (0.30)                –                 –          (0.30)          –
                               Rockefeller equity compensation                                                                             –                 –                 –          (0.01)          –
                               Gain on partial sale of investment in associates, net of tax                                             0.04                 –                 –           0.04           –
                              Earnings per share(2)                                                                            $        1.12 $            1.20 $            1.04    $      2.32 $      2.02
                              Average outstanding shares – Diluted (thousands)                                                     233,887           235,809          237,236           234,685     237,731

                              EBITDA before sales commissions(1)                                                               $      515.7 $           455.0 $           410.9     $     970.7 $     804.5
                               Sales–based commissions paid                                                                           (35.2)            (36.8)            (27.4)          (72.0)      (61.6)
                              EBITDA after sales commissions(1)                                                                       480.5             418.2             383.5           898.7       742.9
                               Sales–based commissions paid subject to amortization                                                    35.2              36.8              27.4            72.0        61.6
                               Amortization of capitalized sales commissions                                                          (31.1)            (30.5)            (28.3)          (61.6)      (56.1)
                               Amortization of capital, intangible and other assets                                                   (26.2)            (24.4)            (24.2)          (50.6)      (48.9)
                              Adjusted earnings before interest and income taxes(1)                                                   458.4             400.1             358.4           858.5       699.5
                               Interest expense(3)                                                                                     33.8              32.1              32.2            65.9        64.2
                              Adjusted earnings before income taxes(1)                                                                424.6             368.0             326.2           792.6       635.3
                               Income taxes                                                                                            93.1              82.2              71.6           175.3       141.2
                              Adjusted net earnings(1)                                                                                331.5             285.8             254.6           617.3       494.1
                               Great West other items                                                                                   (6.5)            (0.5)             (6.0)            (7.0)     (10.0)
                               Restructuring and other, net of tax                                                                    (70.1)                –                 –           (70.1)          –
                               Rockefeller equity compensation                                                                          (0.9)               –                 –             (0.9)         –
                               Gain on partial sale of investment in associates, net of tax                                              9.0                –                 –              9.0          –
                              Net earnings                                                                                            263.0             285.3             248.6           548.3       484.1
                               Non-controlling interest                                                                                 1.5               1.5               1.9             3.0         3.6
                              Net earnings available to common shareholders                                                    $      261.5 $           283.8 $           246.7     $     545.3 $     480.5
                              (1) A non-IFRS financial measure – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures section of this document.
                              (2) Diluted earnings per share.
                              (3) Interest expense includes interest on long-term debt and leases.




                                are intended to create capacity for the Company to                                        Rockefeller equity-based long-term employee




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                further invest in artificial intelligence (AI) capabilities.                              incentives that the Company accounts for on a
                                The initiatives include organizational structure                                          cash-settled basis, creating potential for meaningful
                                changes, consolidation of certain team structures                                         volatility from fair value changes. This expense
                                and streamlined workflows. The charge is primarily                                        is excluded to enhance the comparability of
                                severance and also includes other related costs                                           period-over-period financial results and better
                                associated with these activities.                                                         reflect the underlying performance of the Company.
                              • The Company’s proportionate share of Rockefeller’s                                      • Gain on partial sale of investment in associates of
                                option program expense of $0.9 million, recorded                                          $9.0 million net of tax and one-time costs, recorded
                                in the second quarter. The expense arises from                                            in the second quarter.




                              8     IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2026 SECOND QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


                                   C  6                                             P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
Other items for the six months ended June 30, 2025                                    Market Overview
consisted of Great West other items of ($10.0) million,
                                                                                      Financial market returns were positive for the second
including ($6.0) million recorded in the second quarter.
                                                                                      quarter of 2026:
Total equity was $9.4 billion as at June 30, 2026,                                    • The S&P TSX Composite total return index increased by
compared to $9.0 billion at December 31, 2025. Adjusted                                 7.0% in the second quarter and 3.9% in the first quarter.
ROE (a non-IFRS ratio – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures
                                                                                      • U.S. equity markets, as measured by the S&P 500 total
and Other Financial Measures) for the six months ended
                                                                                        return index, increased by 15.2% in the second quarter
June 30, 2026 was 13.5% compared with 12.4% for the
                                                                                        and decreased by 4.3% in the first quarter.
comparative period in 2025. Adjusted ROE excluding
                                                                                      • European equity markets, as measured by the MSCI
the impact of fair value through other comprehensive
                                                                                        Europe net total return index, increased by 11.8% in
income investments (a non-IFRS ratio – see Non-IFRS
                                                                                        the second quarter and decreased by 0.9% in the
Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures)
                                                                                        first quarter.
for the six months ended June 30, 2026 was 17.0%
compared with 14.2% for the comparative period                                        • Asian equity markets, as measured by the MSCI AC Asia
in 2025. The quarterly dividend per common share                                        Pacific net total return index, increased by 21.5% in the
declared in the second quarter of 2026 was 62 cents,                                    second quarter and remained flat in the first quarter.
unchanged from the first quarter of 2026.                                             • Chinese equity markets, as measured by the CSI 300
                                                                                        net total return index, increased by 12.7% in the second
2026 Developments                                                                       quarter and decreased by 3.7% in the first quarter.
                                                                                      • The FTSE TMX Canada Universe Bond total return index
Northleaf
                                                                                        increased by 2.0% in the second quarter and 0.2% in
Subsequent to June 30, 2026, pursuant to the 2020                                       the first quarter.
Northleaf transaction and related rights and obligations,
                                                                                      • Our clients experienced average investment returns of
the Company completed a series of transactions that
                                                                                        9.4% in the second quarter and -0.2% in the first quarter.
aligned its voting rights and economic interests and
increased its ownership in Northleaf by 4.9%, net of                                  IGM Financial’s AUM&A increased by 10.7% from
NCI, to 60.9%, for cash consideration of $43 million. As a                            $310.1 billion at December 31, 2025 to $343.3 billion at
result of the transactions, the Company will consolidate                              June 30, 2026.
Northleaf effective July 1, 2026 and recognize a non-cash
accounting gain in the third quarter of approximately                                 Reportable Segments
$187 million, or $149 million net of NCI.                                             The Company’s reportable segments are Wealth
Northleaf is a global private equity, private credit and                              Management, Asset Management and Corporate & Other
infrastructure investment firm with more than $37 billion                             and reflect the Company’s internal financial reporting and
in assets under management, reflecting commitments                                    performance measurement (Tables 2, 3 and 4):
raised to date from more than 375 institutional and family                            • Wealth Management – reflects the activities of its core
office investors and a growing number of wealth, asset                                  business and strategic investments that are principally
management and insurance partners. Northleaf sources,                                   focused on providing financial planning and related
evaluates and manages private markets investments, with                                 services to retail client households. This segment
a focus on mid-market companies and assets. Northleaf’s                                 includes the activities of IG Wealth Management




                                                                                                                                                     PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
320-person team is located across offices in Canada, the                                which is a retail distribution organization that serves
U.S., the U.K., Australia, South Korea and Japan.                                       Canadian households through its investment dealer
                                                                                        and other subsidiaries licensed to distribute financial
Long-term Debt                                                                          products and services. A majority of the revenues of
On June 2, 2026, the Company issued $200 million of                                     this segment are derived from providing financial
10-year, 4.407% debentures and $200 million of 30-year,                                 advice and distributing financial products and services
5.002% debentures. The net proceeds were used by the                                    to Canadian households. This segment also includes
Company to fund the early redemption on July 2, 2026                                    the investment management activities of these
of all of its outstanding $400 million aggregate principal                              organizations, including mutual fund management
amount of 3.44% debentures due January 26, 2027.                                        and discretionary portfolio management services.
                                                                                        This segment also includes the Company’s strategic


                                        IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2026 SECOND QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                   9
                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                    C  7
                              Table 2: Consolidated Operating Results by Segment – Q2 2026 vs. Q2 2025
                                                                                   Wealth Management                  Asset Management                   Corporate & Other                                  Total
                              Three months ended                                           2026          2025               2026           2025               2026           2025               2026        2025
                              ($ millions)                                               Jun. 30       Jun. 30            Jun. 30        Jun. 30            Jun. 30        Jun. 30            Jun. 30     Jun. 30
                              Revenues
                               Wealth management                                     $     777.2 $        653.0       $           – $             –     $       (5.7) $         (3.6)     $    771.5 $     649.4

                               Asset management                                                 –               –           308.6           280.1             (28.6)          (26.3)           280.0       253.8
                               Dealer compensation expense                                      –               –           (85.4)          (80.9)             (2.2)            (1.4)           (87.6)     (82.3)
                               Net asset management                                             –               –           223.2           199.2             (30.8)          (27.7)           192.4       171.5

                               Net investment income and other                                3.1             2.2              9.7             5.0              5.9             4.5             18.7         11.7
                               Proportionate share of associates’ earnings                    0.1            (0.4)            51.6            39.0             31.3            27.5             83.0         66.1
                                                                                          780.4           654.8             284.5           243.2                0.7                0.7       1,065.6      898.7
                              Expenses
                               Advisory and business development                          333.7           283.4               25.9            21.4                –               –            359.6       304.8
                               Operations and support                                     121.1           116.1               95.2            95.3              0.6             0.9            216.9       212.3
                               Sub-advisory                                                61.4            51.6                5.8             2.9            (36.5)          (31.3)            30.7        23.2
                                                                                          516.2           451.1             126.9           119.6             (35.9)          (30.4)           607.2       540.3
                              Adjusted earnings before interest
                              and taxes(1)                                                264.2           203.7             157.6           123.6              36.6            31.1            458.4       358.4
                              Interest expense(2)                                          27.1            25.8               6.7             6.4                 –               –             33.8        32.2
                              Adjusted earnings before income taxes(1)                     237.1          177.9             150.9           117.2              36.6            31.1            424.6       326.2
                              Income taxes                                                  62.7           47.1              29.0            23.6               1.4             0.9             93.1        71.6
                              Adjusted net earnings(1)                                    174.4           130.8             121.9             93.6             35.2            30.2            331.5       254.6
                              Non-controlling interest                                        –               –               1.5              1.9                –               –              1.5         1.9
                              Adjusted net earnings available
                              to common shareholders(1)                              $    174.4 $         130.8       $ 120.4 $               91.7      $      35.2 $          30.2            330.0       252.7
                              Other items(1), net of tax
                               Great West other items                                                                                                                                            (6.5)       (6.0)
                               Restructuring and other                                                                                                                                          (70.1)          –
                               Rockefeller equity compensation                                                                                                                                    (0.9)         –
                               Gain on partial sale of investment
                               in associates                                                                                                                                                      9.0          –
                              Net earnings available to
                              common shareholders                                                                                                                                         $ 261.5 $        246.7
                              (1) A non-IFRS financial measure – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures section of this document.
                              (2) Interest expense includes interest on long-term debt and leases.




                                investments in Rockefeller and Wealthsimple.                                              services to a suite of investment funds that are
                                Rockefeller is classified as an investment in associate                                   distributed through third party dealers and financial
                                and accounted for using the equity method, with                                           advisors, and through institutional advisory mandates




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                the proportionate share of earnings included in                                           to financial institutions, pensions and other institutional
                                revenue. Wealthsimple is classified as an investment                                      investors. This segment also includes the Company’s
                                which is accounted for at fair value through other                                        strategic investments in ChinaAMC and Northleaf
                                comprehensive income (FVTOCI) and therefore has no                                        which are classified as investments in associates
                                impact on the segment earnings.                                                           and accounted for using the equity method. The
                              • Asset Management – reflects the activities of its core                                    proportionate share of earnings on these investments
                                business and strategic investments primarily focused                                      are included in the segment’s revenue.
                                on providing investment management services.                                            • Corporate and Other – primarily represents the
                                This segment includes the operations of Mackenzie                                         investments in Great West and Portage Ventures
                                Investments which provides investment management


                              10 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2026 SECOND QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                   C  8                                             P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
Table 3: Consolidated Operating Results by Segment – Six Months Ended
                                                          Wealth Management                  Asset Management                   Corporate & Other                            Total
Six months ended                                                 2026           2025               2026          2025                 2026         2025         2026         2025
($ millions)                                                   Jun. 30        Jun. 30            Jun. 30       Jun. 30              Jun. 30      Jun. 30      Jun. 30      Jun. 30
Revenues
 Wealth management                                         $ 1,511.9 $ 1,295.8               $          – $             –       $     (10.7) $      (6.9)    $ 1,501.2 $ 1,288.9

 Asset management                                                      –              –            611.7          564.5               (56.2)       (52.8)       555.5        511.7
 Dealer compensation expense                                           –              –           (170.5)        (164.6)                (4.2)        (2.8)     (174.7)      (167.4)
 Net asset management                                                  –              –           441.2           399.9               (60.4)       (55.6)       380.8       344.3

 Net investment income and other                                    6.0             4.3             11.5             6.5              11.6           8.7         29.1        19.5
 Proportionate share of associates’ earnings                       (2.4)           (4.1)            93.7            78.0              61.6          52.0        152.9       125.9
                                                               1,515.5        1,296.0             546.4           484.4                 2.1         (1.8)     2,064.0      1,778.6
Expenses
 Advisory and business development                              645.2           558.5              52.9            47.6                   –            –        698.1       606.1
 Operations and support                                         247.3           234.0             200.2           191.0                 1.1          1.7        448.6       426.7
 Sub-advisory                                                   119.5           103.1              10.5             5.7               (71.2)       (62.5)        58.8        46.3
                                                               1,012.0          895.6             263.6           244.3               (70.1)       (60.8)     1,205.5      1,079.1
Adjusted earnings before interest
and taxes(1)                                                    503.5           400.4             282.8           240.1               72.2          59.0        858.5       699.5
Interest expense(2)                                              52.8            51.3              13.1            12.9                  –             –         65.9        64.2
Adjusted earnings before income taxes(1)                        450.7           349.1             269.7           227.2               72.2          59.0        792.6       635.3
Income taxes                                                    120.2            94.0              52.2            45.4                2.9           1.8        175.3       141.2
Adjusted net earnings(1)                                        330.5           255.1              217.5          181.8                69.3         57.2        617.3       494.1
Non-controlling interest                                            –               –                3.0            3.6                   –            –          3.0         3.6
Adjusted net earnings available
to common shareholders(1)                                  $    330.5 $         255.1        $ 214.5 $            178.2         $      69.3 $       57.2        614.3       490.5
Other items(1), net of tax
 Great West other items                                                                                                                                           (7.0)      (10.0)
 Restructuring and other                                                                                                                                        (70.1)           –
 Rockefeller equity compensation                                                                                                                                  (0.9)          –
 Gain on partial sale of investment
 in associates                                                                                                                                                    9.0            –
Net earnings available to
common shareholders                                                                                                                                          $ 545.3 $      480.5
(1) A non-IFRS financial measure – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures section of this document.
(2) Interest expense includes interest on long-term debt and leases.




  LPs, the Company’s unallocated capital, as well as                                          Assets Under Advisement (AUA) are the key driver of
  consolidation elimination entries.                                                          the Wealth Management segment. AUA are savings and
                                                                                              investment products held within client accounts of our




                                                                                                                                                                                      PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
Assets Under Management and Advisement (AUM&A)
represents the consolidated AUM and AUA of IGM                                                Wealth Management segment operating companies.
Financial’s core businesses IG Wealth Management and                                          Non-fee-bearing assets are institutional client assets for
Mackenzie Investments. In the Wealth Management                                               which the Company does not earn ongoing advisory fees.
segment, AUM is a component part of AUA. All instances                                        These assets are included for reporting completeness
where the Asset Management segment is providing                                               but do not contribute to recurring fee revenue.
investment management services or distributing its                                            Assets Under Management (AUM) are the key driver of
products through the Wealth Management segment are                                            the Asset Management segment. AUM are an additional
eliminated in IGM Financial’s reporting such that there                                       driver of revenues and expenses within the Wealth
is no double-counting of the same client savings held at                                      Management segment in relation to its investment
IGM Financial’s core businesses.                                                              management activities. AUM are client assets where we


                                                IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2026 SECOND QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                                           11
                                P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                                             C  9
                              Table 4: Consolidated Operating Results by Segment – Q2 2026 vs. Q1 2026
                                                                                   Wealth Management                  Asset Management                   Corporate & Other                                  Total
                              Three months ended                                           2026         2026                2026          2026                2026         2026                 2026       2026
                              ($ millions)                                               Jun. 30       Mar. 31            Jun. 30        Mar. 31            Jun. 30       Mar. 31             Jun. 30     Mar. 31
                              Revenues
                               Wealth management                                     $     777.2 $        734.7       $           – $             –     $       (5.7) $         (5.0)     $    771.5 $     729.7

                               Asset management                                                 –               –           308.6           303.1             (28.6)          (27.6)           280.0       275.5
                               Dealer compensation expense                                      –               –           (85.4)          (85.1)             (2.2)            (2.0)           (87.6)     (87.1)
                               Net asset management                                             –               –           223.2           218.0             (30.8)          (29.6)           192.4       188.4

                               Net investment income and other                               3.1              2.9             9.7              1.8              5.9             5.7             18.7         10.4
                               Proportionate share of associates’ earnings                   0.1             (2.5)           51.6             42.1             31.3            30.3             83.0         69.9
                                                                                          780.4           735.1             284.5           261.9                0.7                1.4       1,065.6      998.4
                              Expenses
                               Advisory and business development                          333.7           311.5               25.9           27.0                 –               –            359.6       338.5
                               Operations and support                                     121.1           126.2               95.2          105.0               0.6             0.5            216.9       231.7
                               Sub-advisory                                                61.4            58.1                5.8            4.7             (36.5)          (34.7)            30.7        28.1
                                                                                          516.2           495.8             126.9           136.7             (35.9)          (34.2)           607.2       598.3
                              Adjusted earnings before interest
                              and taxes(1)                                                264.2           239.3             157.6           125.2              36.6            35.6            458.4       400.1
                              Interest expense(2)                                          27.1            25.7               6.7             6.4                 –               –             33.8        32.1
                              Adjusted earnings before income taxes(1)                     237.1          213.6             150.9           118.8              36.6            35.6            424.6       368.0
                              Income taxes                                                  62.7           57.5              29.0            23.2               1.4             1.5             93.1        82.2
                              Adjusted net earnings(1)                                    174.4           156.1             121.9             95.6             35.2            34.1            331.5       285.8
                              Non-controlling interest                                        –               –               1.5              1.5                –               –              1.5         1.5
                              Adjusted net earnings available
                              to common shareholders(1)                              $    174.4 $         156.1       $ 120.4 $               94.1      $      35.2 $          34.1            330.0       284.3
                              Other items(1), net of tax
                               Great West other items                                                                                                                                            (6.5)       (0.5)
                               Restructuring and other                                                                                                                                          (70.1)          –
                               Rockefeller equity compensation                                                                                                                                    (0.9)         –
                               Gain on partial sale of investment
                               in associates                                                                                                                                                      9.0          –
                              Net earnings available to
                              common shareholders                                                                                                                                         $ 261.5 $        283.8
                              (1) A non-IFRS financial measure – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures section of this document.
                              (2) Interest expense includes interest on long-term debt and leases.




                              provide investment management services, and include                                       Wealthsimple. Rockefeller client assets include AUM&A
                              investment funds where we are the fund manager,                                           as well as assets held for investment purposes and only
                              investment advisory mandates to institutions, and other                                   receiving administrative services.




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                              client accounts where we have discretionary portfolio
                              management responsibilities.                                                              Financial Presentation
                              Assets Under Management and Advisement Including                                          The financial presentation includes revenues and
                              Strategic Investments (AUM&A Including SI) represents                                     expenses to align with the key drivers of business activity
                              AUM&A including the Company’s proportionate share                                         and to reflect our emphasis on business growth and
                              of the AUM&A of strategic investments based on                                            operational efficiency. The categories are as follows:
                              the Company’s interest in the strategic investments.                                      • Wealth management revenue – revenues earned
                              The strategic investments included are those whose                                          by the Wealth Management segment for providing
                              activities are primarily in asset and wealth management,                                    financial planning, investment advisory and related
                              and include ChinaAMC, Northleaf, Rockefeller and                                            financial services. Revenues include:


                              12    IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2026 SECOND QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


                                   C  10                                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
  - Advisory fees are related to providing financial advice                             directly with levels of assets under management
    to clients including fees related to the distribution                               or advisement, business development measures
    of products and depend largely on the level and                                     including sales and client acquisition, and the number
    composition of AUA. Advisory fees also include net                                  of advisor and client relationships.
    interest income from client cash on deposit.                                      • Operations and support expenses – expenses
  - Product and program fees are related to the                                         associated with business operations, including
    management of investment products and include                                       technology and business processes; in-house
    management, administration and other related fees                                   investment management and product shelf
    and depend largely on the level and composition of                                  management; corporate management and
    assets under management.                                                            support functions. These expenses primarily reflect
  - Other financial planning revenues are fees                                          compensation, technology and other service
    primarily related to providing clients other financial                              provider expenses.
    products including mortgages, insurance and                                       • Sub-advisory expenses – reflects fees relating
    banking products.                                                                   to investment management services that are
• Asset management revenue – revenues earned by                                         typically variable with the level of assets under
  the Asset Management segment related to investment                                    management, and in certain circumstances, the
  management advisory and administrative services.                                      performance of the investment advisors. These fees
  Revenues include:                                                                     include investment advisory services performed
  - Asset management fees – third party includes                                        for the Wealth Management segment by the Asset
     fees received from our investment funds and fees                                   Management segment.
     from third parties for investment management                                     Interest expense represents interest expense on
     services. Compensation paid to dealers offsets the                               long-term debt and leases. The change in interest
     fees earned.                                                                     expense for the three and six month periods resulted
  - Asset management fees – Wealth Management                                         from the impact of the issuance of $400 million
     includes fees received from the Wealth                                           debentures on June 2, 2026. Debt and related interest
     Management segment. Wealth Management is                                         expense is allocated to each segment based on
     considered a client of the Asset Management                                      management’s assessment of: i) capacity to service the
     segment and transfer pricing is based on values                                  debt, and ii) where the debt is being serviced.
     for similar sized asset management mandates.                                     Income taxes are reported in each segment. IGM
• Dealer compensation – asset-based and sales-based                                   Financial consolidated changes in the effective tax rates
  compensation paid to dealers by the Asset                                           are detailed in Table 5.
  Management segment.
                                                                                      Tax planning may result in the Company recording
• Proportionate share of associates’ earnings – the                                   lower levels of income taxes. Management monitors the
  Company’s proportionate share of earnings from                                      status of its income tax filings and regularly assesses the
  equity investments including Great West, ChinaAMC,                                  overall adequacy of its provision for income taxes and,
  Northleaf and Rockefeller.                                                          as a result, income taxes recorded in prior years may be
• Advisory and business development expenses –                                        adjusted in the current year. The effect of changes in
  expenses incurred on activities directly associated                                 management’s best estimates reported in adjusted net
  with providing financial planning services to                                       earnings is reflected in Other, which also includes, but




                                                                                                                                                     PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
  clients of the Wealth Management segment and                                        is not limited to, the effect of lower effective income tax
  wholesale distribution activities performed by the                                  rates on foreign operations.
  Asset Management segment. Expenses include
                                                                                      Other items, as reflected in Tables 2, 3 and 4, include the
  compensation, recognition and other support
                                                                                      after-tax impact of any item that management considers
  provided to our advisors, field management, product
                                                                                      to be of a non-recurring nature or that could make the
  & planning specialists; expenses associated with
                                                                                      period-over-period comparison of results from operations
  facilities, technology and training relating to our
                                                                                      less meaningful and are not allocated to segments.
  advisors and specialists; other business development
  activities including direct marketing and advertising.
  A significant component of these expenses varies



                                        IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2026 SECOND QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                  13
                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                   C  11
                              Table 5: Effective Income Tax Rate
                                                                                                                                       Three months ended                              Six months ended
                                                                                                                    2026                2026                  2025                    2026        2025
                                                                                                                  Jun. 30              Mar. 31              Jun. 30                 Jun. 30     Jun. 30
                              Income taxes at Canadian federal and provincial
                              statutory rates                                                                       26.64 %               26.61 %              26.57 %               26.62 %      26.59 %
                               Effect of:
                                 Proportionate share of associates’ earnings(1)                                      (5.30)                (4.10)               (4.54)                (4.66)      (4.38)
                                 Other                                                                               (0.67)                (0.17)               (0.16)                (0.41)      (0.05)
                                Other items:
                                 Great West other items                                                               0.52                  0.03                 0.49                  0.26        0.42
                                 Gain on partial sale of investment in associates                                    (0.52)                    –                    –                 (0.24)          –
                                 Rockefeller equity compensation                                                      0.07                     –                    –                  0.03           –
                              Effective income tax rate – net earnings available to
                              common shareholders                                                                    20.74 %              22.37 %              22.36 %               21.60 %      22.58 %
                              (1) Includes proportionate share of Great West’s base earnings.


                              Other items for the six months ended June 30, 2026                                        inflows for the six months ended June 30, 2026 were
                              consisted of:                                                                             $7.8 billion, compared to net inflows of $4.2 billion in
                              • Great West other items of ($7.0) million, including                                     2025. Net inflows of $7.8 billion included $3.1 billion of
                                ($6.5) million recorded in the second quarter.                                          non-fee-bearing assets. Investment fund net sales for the
                              • Restructuring and other of $70.1 million after tax                                      six month period were $3.2 billion in 2026, compared to
                                ($95.3 million pre-tax), recorded in the second quarter.                                net sales of $1.5 billion in 2025. Net flows and net sales
                                                                                                                        are based on AUM&A excluding sub-advisory assets to
                              • The Company’s proportionate share of Rockefeller’s
                                                                                                                        Canada Life and to the Wealth Management segment.
                                option program expense of $0.9 million, recorded in
                                the second quarter.                                                                     The Company also benefits from the underlying assets
                              • Gain on partial sale of investment in associates of                                     under management of the Company’s investments in
                                $9.0 million net of tax and one-time costs, recorded in                                 associates, including ChinaAMC, Northleaf, Rockefeller
                                the second quarter.                                                                     and its investment in Wealthsimple which is classified as
                                                                                                                        FVTOCI. The Company has included its proportionate
                              Other items for the six months ended June 30, 2025
                                                                                                                        share of the AUM&A of these investments in its AUM&A
                              consisted of Great West other items of ($10.0) million,
                                                                                                                        Including SI based on its direct and indirect interest in
                              including ($6.0) million recorded in the second quarter.
                                                                                                                        these companies.
                                                                                                                        At June 30, 2026, ChinaAMC’s AUM was RMB¥
                              Total AUM&A
                                                                                                                        2,908.0 billion ($607.8 billion), compared to RMB¥
                              IGM Financial’s AUM&A Including SI were $622.1 billion                                    2,851.2 billion ($542.3 billion) at June 30, 2025, an
                              at June 30, 2026 compared to $521.1 billion at June 30,                                   increase of 2.0% (CAD 12.1%). IGM Financial holds a
                              2025, as detailed in Table 6.                                                             27.8% interest in ChinaAMC.
                              AUM&A were $343.3 billion at June 30, 2026 compared                                       At June 30, 2026, Northleaf’s AUM was $37.1 billion,
                              to $283.9 billion at June 30, 2025, an increase of 20.9%.




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                                                                                                        compared to $32.8 billion at June 30, 2025, an increase
                              AUM&A excluding non-fee-bearing assets of $2.7 billion                                    of 13.1%. IGM Financial holds a 56% economic interest
                              were $340.6 billion at June 30, 2026 compared to                                          in Northleaf.
                              $283.9 billion at June 30, 2025, an increase of 20.0%.
                                                                                                                        At June 30, 2026, Rockefeller’s client assets were
                              AUM were $319.7 billion at June 30, 2026, compared to
                                                                                                                        USD $224.3 billion ($318.5 billion), compared to USD
                              $266.8 billion at June 30, 2025, an increase of 19.8%.
                                                                                                                        $170.8 billion ($232.7 billion) at June 30, 2025, an increase
                              AUM&A net inflows in the second quarter of 2026 were                                      of 31.3% (CAD 36.9%). IGM Financial holds a 17.2% interest
                              $2.2 billion, compared to net inflows of $90 million in                                   in Rockefeller, compared to 20.5% at June 30, 2025.
                              the second quarter of 2025. Second quarter investment
                                                                                                                        At June 30, 2026, Wealthsimple’s AUA was $155.6 billion,
                              fund net sales were $850 million, compared to net
                                                                                                                        compared to $84.5 billion at June 30, 2025, an increase
                              sales of $676 million in the second quarter of 2025. Net


                              14 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2026 SECOND QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                   C  12                                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
of 84.1%. IGM Financial holds a 25.1% interest in                                              Summary of Quarterly Results
Wealthsimple, compared to 26.7% at June 30, 2025.
                                                                                               The Summary of Quarterly Results in Table 7 includes
Changes in AUM&A for the Wealth Management and                                                 the eight most recent quarters and the reconciliation
Asset Management segments are discussed further in                                             of non-IFRS financial measures to net earnings in
each of their respective Review of the Business sections                                       accordance with IFRS.
in the MD&A.
                                                                                               Changes in average AUM&A over the eight most recent
                                                                                               quarters, as shown in Table 7, largely reflect the impact of
                                                                                               changes in domestic and foreign markets and net sales of
                                                                                               the Company.




Table 6: AUM&A
                                                                         Wealth                             Asset                       Intercompany
                                                                    Management(1)                     Management(2)                       Eliminations            Consolidated
                                                                  2026           2025               2026          2025                 2026       2025          2026        2025
($ millions)                                                    Jun. 30        Jun. 30            Jun. 30       Jun. 30              Jun. 30    Jun. 30       Jun. 30     Jun. 30
Three months ended
Gross flows
 Mutual fund gross sales(3)                                 $    4,673 $         3,775        $    3,253 $         2,104         $        – $        –    $    7,926 $     5,879
 Dealer gross inflows(4)                                         4,544           3,613                 –               –                  –          –         4,544       3,613
Net flows
 Mutual fund net sales(3)(5)                                        487             489              (426)          (366)                 –          –            61            123
 ETF net creations                                                    –               –               789            553                  –          –           789            553
 Investment fund net sales                                          487             489              363             187                  –          –           850         676
 Institutional SMA net sales(5)(6)                                    –               –            1,524            (322)                 –          –         1,524        (322)
 IGM product net sales                                              487             489            1,887            (135)                 –          –         2,374         354
 Other dealer net flows                                            (146)           (264)               –               –                  –          –          (146)       (264)
 Total net flows(4)                                                 341             225            1,887            (135)                 –          –         2,228            90
Six months ended
Gross flows
 Mutual fund gross sales(3)                                 $ 10,836 $           8,682        $    7,316 $         4,741         $        – $        –    $ 18,152 $ 13,423
 Dealer gross inflows(4)                                      12,792             7,779                 –               –                  –          –      12,792    7,779
Net flows
 Mutual fund net sales(3)(5)                                     2,143           1,433              (682)         (1,066)                 –          –         1,461         367
 ETF net creations                                                   –               –             1,774           1,168                  –          –         1,774       1,168
 Investment fund net sales(7)                                    2,143           1,433             1,092             102                  –          –         3,235       1,535
 Institutional SMA net sales(5)(6)                                   –               –             2,458           3,204                  –          –         2,458       3,204
 IGM product net sales                                           2,143           1,433             3,550           3,306                  –          –         5,693       4,739
 Other dealer net flows                                          2,154            (490)                –               –                  –          –         2,154        (490)




                                                                                                                                                                                      PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
 Total net flows(4)                                              4,297              943            3,550           3,306                  –          –         7,847       4,249
(1) Mackenzie Investment fund products sold through IG Wealth Management are reported within IG Wealth Management’s AUM and Mackenzie Sub-advisory and
    AUM to Wealth Management.
(2) Asset Management flows activity excludes sub-advisory to Canada Life and the Wealth Management segment.
(3) Wealth Management AUM and net sales include separately managed accounts.
(4) In the first and second quarters of 2026, Wealth Management and Consolidated dealer gross inflows and total net flows included $3.1 billion and nil, respectively,
    of non-fee-bearing assets.
(5) In the second quarter of 2025, IG Wealth Management pension plan redeemed $24 million from IG Wealth Management mutual funds that was re-allocated into
    a separately managed account managed by Mackenzie.
(6) Sub-advisory, institutional and other accounts:
    2026 Q2 – Mackenzie onboarded institutional mandates of $1.8 billion and institutional clients re-assigned sub-advisory responsibilities totalling $0.7 billion on
                 mandates advised upon by Mackenzie as part of an overall asset allocation decision.
          Q1 – Mackenzie onboarded institutional mandates of $1.2 billion.
    2025 Q2 – An institutional investor redeemed $320 million within products that Mackenzie sub-advises.
          Q1 – Mackenzie onboarded institutional mandates of $3.6 billion.
(7) In the first quarter of 2025, an institutional investor which includes Mackenzie mutual funds in its product offerings made fund allocation changes resulting in
    redemptions of $144 million.


                                                 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2026 SECOND QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                                         15
                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                                          C  13
                              Table 6: AUM&A (continued)
                                                                                                    Wealth                            Asset                     Intercompany
                                                                                               Management                       Management                        Eliminations(1)            Consolidated
                                                                                          2026            2025              2026            2025              2026            2025         2026      2025
                              ($ millions)                                              Jun. 30         Jun. 30           Jun. 30         Jun. 30           Jun. 30         Jun. 30      Jun. 30   Jun. 30

                              AUM&A
                               IG Wealth Management
                                AUM(2)                                                $ 152,925 $ 129,526
                                Other AUA                                               23,654     17,138
                                AUA                                                     176,579         146,664
                                AUA excl. non-fee-bearing assets                        173,854         146,664
                               Mackenzie Investments
                                Mutual funds                                                                           $ 70,222 $ 62,488
                                ETFs(3)                                                                                  15,333    8,683
                                Investment funds                                                                           85,555          71,171

                                Institutional SMA                                                                          19,899          12,023
                                Sub-advisory to Canada Life                                                                61,291          54,031
                                Total Institutional SMA                                                                    81,190          66,054

                                Third Party AUM                                                                          166,745         137,225
                                Sub-advisory and AUM
                                to Wealth Management                                                                     102,090           87,352
                                Total AUM                                                                                268,835          224,577
                               Consolidated
                                AUM                                                   $ 152,925 $129,526               $268,835 $ 224,577                $(102,090) $ (87,352)          $ 319,670 $266,751
                                AUM&A                                                   176,579 146,664                 268,835 224,577                   (102,090) (87,352)              343,324 283,889
                                AUM&A excl. non-fee-bearing assets                      173,854 146,664                 268,835 224,577                   (102,090) (87,352)             340,599 283,889
                               Strategic investments(4)
                                ChinaAMC                                                                                  168,960         150,748
                                Northleaf                                                                                  20,775          18,361
                                Rockefeller                                              54,797          47,605
                                Wealthsimple                                             39,048          22,567
                                Intra-segment eliminations                                 (488)             (8)           (1,403)            (309)
                                                                                         93,357          70,164           188,332        168,800             (2,877)          (1,772)    278,812   237,192
                               Consolidated AUM&A Including SI                        $ 269,936 $216,828               $ 457,167 $ 393,377               $(104,967) $ (89,124)          $ 622,136 $ 521,081
                              (1) Consolidated results eliminate double counting where business is reflected within multiple segments.
                              (2) Wealth Management AUM includes separately managed accounts.
                              (3) ETF assets inclusive of IGM Financial’s managed products were $29.9 billion at June 30, 2026 (2025 – $18.7 billion).
                              (4) Proportionate share of strategic investments’ AUM comprised of 27.8% (2025 – 27.8%) of ChinaAMC’s AUM, 56% (2025 – 56%) of Northleaf’s AUM, 17.2% (2025 – 20.5%)
                                  of Rockefeller’s client assets, and 25.1% (2025 – 26.7%) of Wealthsimple’s AUA.




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.




                              16 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2026 SECOND QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                   C  14                                             P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
Table 7: Summary of Quarterly Results
                                                                                     2026          2026          2025            2025        2025        2025        2024          2024
                                                                                      Q2            Q1            Q4              Q3          Q2          Q1          Q4            Q3
Consolidated statements of earnings ($ millions)
Revenues
 Wealth management                                                            $     771.5 $        729.7 $       731.7 $         696.8 $     649.4 $     639.5 $     647.5 $     616.0

 Asset management                                                                   280.0          275.5         278.7           270.7       253.8       257.9       261.6       253.4
 Dealer compensation expense                                                         (87.6)         (87.1)        (88.3)          (86.2)      (82.3)      (85.1)      (85.2)      (82.8)
 Net asset management                                                               192.4          188.4         190.4           184.5       171.5       172.8       176.4       170.6

 Net investment income and other                                                      18.7          10.4           9.5            13.3        11.7         7.8        17.3         10.1
 Proportionate share of associates’ earnings                                          83.0          69.9          76.2            80.3        66.1        59.8        53.1         61.4
                                                                                  1,065.6          998.4       1,007.8           974.9       898.7       879.9       894.3       858.1
Expenses
 Advisory and business development                                                   359.6         338.5         337.3           309.1       304.8       301.3       298.3       278.3
 Operations and support                                                              216.9         231.7         220.1           219.6       212.3       214.4       215.2       210.2
 Sub-advisory                                                                         30.7          28.1          27.1            25.3        23.2        23.1        22.5        21.2
 Interest(1)                                                                          33.8          32.1          32.6            32.4        32.2        32.0        32.5        32.4
                                                                                    641.0          630.4         617.1           586.4       572.5       570.8       568.5       542.1
Earnings before undernoted                                                          424.6          368.0         390.7           388.5       326.2       309.1       325.8       316.0
Great West other items                                                                (6.5)          (0.5)         (5.1)           (3.1)       (6.0)       (4.0)         –         (4.9)
Restructuring and other                                                              (95.3)             –             –               –           –           –          –            –
Rockefeller equity compensation                                                        (0.9)            –             –               –           –           –          –            –
Gain on partial sales of investment in associates                                       9.9             –         44.6                –           –           –          –            –
Earnings before income taxes                                                        331.8          367.5         430.2           385.4       320.2       305.1       325.8       311.1
Income taxes                                                                         68.8           82.2         105.7            87.0        71.6        69.6        70.4        71.2
Net earnings                                                                        263.0          285.3         324.5           298.4       248.6       235.5       255.4       239.9
Non-controlling interest                                                              1.5            1.5           2.1             0.3         1.9         1.7         0.7         0.7
Net earnings available to common shareholders                                 $     261.5 $        283.8 $       322.4 $         298.1 $     246.7 $     233.8 $     254.7 $     239.2
Reconciliation of non-IFRS financial measures ($ millions)
Adjusted net earnings available to common shareholders(2)                     $     330.0 $        284.3 $       301.4 $         301.2 $     252.7 $     237.8 $     250.0 $     244.1
Other items:
 Great West other items                                                               (6.5)          (0.5)         (5.1)           (3.1)       (6.0)       (4.0)         –          (4.9)
 Restructuring and other, net of tax                                                 (70.1)             –             –               –           –           –          –             –
 Rockefeller equity compensation                                                       (0.9)            –             –               –           –           –          –             –
 Gain on partial sales of investment in associates, net of tax                          9.0             –         26.1                –           –           –          –             –
 Tax loss consolidation                                                                   –             –             –               –           –           –        4.7             –
Net earnings available to common shareholders                                 $     261.5 $        283.8 $       322.4 $         298.1 $     246.7 $     233.8 $     254.7 $     239.2
Earnings per share ($)
Adjusted earnings per share(2)
 – Basic                                                                      $       1.42 $        1.21 $        1.28 $          1.28 $      1.07 $      1.00 $      1.05 $       1.03
 – Diluted                                                                            1.41          1.21          1.27            1.27        1.07        1.00        1.05         1.03
Earnings per share
 – Basic                                                                              1.13          1.21          1.37            1.26        1.04        0.99        1.07         1.01
 – Diluted                                                                            1.12          1.20          1.36            1.26        1.04        0.98        1.07         1.01




                                                                                                                                                                                            PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
Average outstanding shares – Diluted (thousands)                                  233,887       235,809       237,550       237,169        237,236     238,233     238,304     236,931
Average AUM&A ($ billions)
 Investment fund AUM                                                          $     230.4 $        221.3 $       217.0 $         206.1 $     192.8 $     195.1 $     192.0 $     183.8
 AUM                                                                                308.2          294.9         289.2           274.2       257.2       257.7       253.3       243.4
 AUM&A                                                                              331.0          316.9         307.5           291.7       273.8       274.7       269.3       258.6
 AUM&A excl. non-fee-bearing assets                                                 328.5          314.8         307.5           291.7       273.8       274.7       269.3       258.6
Ending AUM&A ($ billions)
 Investment fund AUM                                                          $     238.5 $        218.7 $       216.9 $         213.7 $     200.7 $     193.4 $     191.9 $     188.6
 AUM                                                                                319.7          291.9         289.9           284.7       266.8       258.1       253.1       249.3
 AUM&A                                                                              343.3          314.0         310.1           302.6       283.9       275.0       270.4       264.9
 AUM&A excl. non-fee-bearing assets                                                 340.6          311.4         310.1           302.6       283.9       275.0       270.4       264.9
Ending AUM&A Including SI ($ billions)                                        $     622.1 $        568.9 $       566.2 $         562.4 $     521.1 $     503.6 $     483.5 $     461.6

(1) Interest expense includes interest on long-term debt and leases.
(2) A non-IFRS financial measure – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures section of this document.

                                                 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2026 SECOND QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                                             17
                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                                             C  15
                              Wealth Management
                              Segment results are presented on the same basis as the
                              fourth quarter of 2025 and should be read in conjunction
                              with the MD&A included in the 2025 Annual Report.




                              Review of the Business
                              The Wealth Management segment includes IG Wealth                              The following provides a breakdown of the IG Wealth
                              Management and strategic investments in Rockefeller                           Management entrepreneurial advisor network into its
                              and Wealthsimple.                                                             significant components at June 30, 2026:
                                                                                                            • 1,556 advisor practices (1,597 at June 30, 2025), which
                              IG Wealth Management                                                             reflect advisors with more than four years of experience.
                                                                                                               These practices may include associates as described
                              IG Wealth Management is a leading wealth management
                                                                                                               below. The level and productivity of advisor practices
                              company in Canada providing clients with personalized
                                                                                                               is a key measurement of our business as they serve
                              advice, comprehensive financial planning, insurance
                                                                                                               clientele representing approximately 93% of AUA.
                              and mortgage services, and professionally managed
                              investment solutions.                                                         • 208 new advisors (209 at June 30, 2025), which are
                                                                                                               those advisors with less than four years of experience.
                              IG Wealth Management has a national distribution
                                                                                                            • 1,382 associates and regional vice-presidents (1,325 at
                              network of independent financial planners totalling more
                                                                                                               June 30, 2025). Associates are licensed team members
                              than 3,000 advisors in communities throughout Canada
                                                                                                               of advisor practices who provide financial planning
                              and provides advice through two primary channels:
                                                                                                               services and advice to the clientele served by the team.
                              • IG Wealth Management entrepreneurial advisors are
                                                                                                            • IG Wealth Management had a total advisor network
                                focused on households with more complex needs by
                                                                                                               of 3,146 (3,131 at June 30, 2025).
                                focusing on households with greater than $250,000
                                of assets.                                                                  IG Wealth Management uses advisor productivity as
                              • IG Wealth Management corporate channel advisors                             a key performance measure in evaluating its advisor
                                are focused on servicing households with less complex                       network. The productivity is measured based on gross
                                requirements with assets up to $250,000.                                    inflows per advisor and is monitored for both advisor
                                                                                                            recruits with less than four years experience and advisor
                              AUA consists of the following:
                                                                                                            practices with greater than four years experience.
                              • Clients with household assets greater than $1 million                       Experienced recruits are included within the greater than
                                (defined as “high net worth”) which totalled                                four years experience category.
                                $93.6 billion at June 30, 2026, an increase of 39.4%
                                                                                                            • The advisor recruit’s gross inflows were $0.9 million per
                                from one year ago, and represented 53% of total AUA.
                                                                                                              advisor, compared to $0.6 million in the comparative




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                              • Clients with household assets between $250,000 and                            period of 2025.
                                $1 million (defined as “mass affluent”) which totalled
                                                                                                            • The advisor practices gross inflows were $2.6 million
                                $61.0 billion at June 30, 2026, an increase of 7.3% from
                                                                                                              per practice, compared to $2.0 million in the
                                one year ago, and represented 35% of total AUA.
                                                                                                              comparative period of 2025.
                              • Clients with household assets less than $250,000
                                                                                                            IG Wealth Management distinguishes itself from
                                (defined as “mass market”) which totalled $21.8 billion
                                                                                                            competition by offering comprehensive financial
                                at June 30, 2026, a decrease of 3.7% from one year
                                ago, and represented 12% of total AUA.                                      planning solutions to our clients that synchronize every
                                                                                                            aspect of their financial life. IG Wealth Management
                                                                                                            services clients located in communities throughout



                              18   IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2026 SECOND QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


                                   C  16                                P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
Canada. A primary focus is on advising and attracting                                   At June 30, 2026, Rockefeller’s client assets were
high net worth and mass affluent clients.                                               USD $224.3 billion ($318.5 billion), compared to USD
For the distinct needs of the high net worth market,                                    $170.8 billion ($232.7 billion) at June 30, 2025, an increase
IG Private Wealth Management focuses on industry                                        of 31.3% (CAD 36.9%). IGM Financial holds a 17.2% interest
wealth drivers including:                                                               in Rockefeller, compared to 20.5% at June 30, 2025.
• tax planning and optimization,                                                        At June 30, 2026, Wealthsimple’s AUA was $155.6 billion,
• retirement readiness,                                                                 compared to $84.5 billion at June 30, 2025, an increase
                                                                                        of 84.1%. IGM Financial holds a 25.1% interest in
• wealth transfer and estate planning,
                                                                                        Wealthsimple at June 30, 2026, compared to 26.7% at
• small and medium enterprise monetization,
                                                                                        June 30, 2025.
• high net worth family wealth – dynamics, education
  and governance, and                                                                   IG Wealth Management AUM and AUA
• philanthropy and legacy planning.                                                     Change in AUM & AUA – 2026 vs. 2025
IG Wealth Management has a broad range of products                                      IG Wealth Management’s AUA of $176.6 billion at
tailored to personalized plans that include:                                            June 30, 2026, a record quarter end high, increased
• Financial solutions that include investment vehicles,                                 20.4% from $146.7 billion at June 30, 2025. IG Wealth
   focusing on managed solutions, designed to match                                     Management’s AUA excluding non-fee-bearing assets
   risk and investment return expectations to each client’s                             of $2.7 billion were $173.9 billion at June 30, 2026, an
   needs and requirements.                                                              increase of 18.5% from $146.7 billion at June 30, 2025.
• Insurance products that include a variety of policy                                   IG Wealth Management’s mutual fund AUM were
   types from the leading insurers in Canada.                                           $152.9 billion at June 30, 2026, representing an increase
                                                                                        of 18.1% from $129.5 billion at June 30, 2025. Average
• Mortgage banking solutions that are offered as part
                                                                                        daily mutual fund assets were $147.8 billion in the second
   of a comprehensive financial plan.
                                                                                        quarter of 2026, up 18.7% from $124.5 billion in the
                                                                                        second quarter of 2025. Average daily mutual fund assets
Wealth Management AUM and AUA                                                           were $144.8 billion for the six months ended June 30,
AUM and AUA are key performance indicators for the                                      2026, an increase of 15.8% from $125.0 billion in 2025.
Wealth Management segment and are detailed in                                           For the quarter ended June 30, 2026, gross client inflows
Tables 8 and 9.                                                                         of IG Wealth Management AUA were a record high of
Wealth Management AUA including strategic investments                                   $4.5 billion, an increase of 25.8% from $3.6 billion in 2025.
were $269.9 billion at June 30, 2026, compared to                                       For the quarter ended June 30, 2026, gross inflows from
$216.8 billion at June 30, 2025. Strategic investments AUA                              newly acquired clients with more than $1.0 million of
is based on the Company’s interest in these companies.                                  assets accounted for 37.6% of all newly acquired client
IG Wealth Management’s AUA were $176.6 billion at                                       inflows. Net client inflows were $341 million, compared
June 30, 2026, an increase of 20.4% from June 30,                                       to net client inflows of $225 million in the comparable
2025. IG Wealth Management’s AUA excluding                                              period in 2025. During the second quarter, investment
non-fee-bearing assets of $2.7 billion were $173.9 billion                              returns resulted in an increase of $13.6 billion in AUA,
at June 30, 2026, an increase of 18.5% from June 30,                                    compared to an increase of $4.9 billion in the second
2025. The level of AUA is influenced by three factors:                                  quarter of 2025.




                                                                                                                                                        PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
client inflows, client outflows and investment returns.                                 For the quarter ended June 30, 2026, sales of IG Wealth
AUA represents savings and investment products,                                         Management mutual funds through its advisor network
including AUM where we provide investment                                               were $4.7 billion, an increase of 23.8% from the
management services, that are held within our clients’                                  comparable period in 2025. Mutual fund redemptions
accounts. Advisory fees are charged based on an                                         totalled $4.2 billion, an increase of 27.4% from 2025.
annual percentage of substantially all AUA, through the                                 IG Wealth Management mutual fund net sales for the
IG Advisory Account fee, and represent the majority of                                  second quarter of 2026 were $487 million, compared
the fees earned from our clients. Our entrepreneurial                                   to net sales of $489 million in 2025. During the second
advisors’ compensation is also based on AUA and net                                     quarter, investment returns resulted in an increase of
assets contributed by our clients.


                                          IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2026 SECOND QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                   19
                          P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                    C  17
                              Table 8: Change in AUA – Wealth Management
                                                                                                                                                                                              Change
                              Three months ended                                                                                  2026            2026               2025          2026         2025
                              ($ millions)                                                                                      Jun. 30          Mar. 31           Jun. 30        Mar. 31     Jun. 30
                              Change in AUA – IG Wealth Management
                               Gross client inflows(1)                                                                      $     4,544 $           8,248 $           3,613         (44.9)%      25.8 %
                               Gross client outflows(2)                                                                           4,203             4,292             3,388           (2.1)      24.1
                               Net flows(1)                                                                                         341             3,956               225         (91.4)      51.6
                               Investment returns                                                                                13,590              (249)            4,910         N/M        176.8
                               Net change in assets                                                                              13,931             3,707             5,135         N/M        171.3
                               Beginning assets                                                                                 162,648          158,941           141,529            2.3        14.9
                               Ending AUA                                                                                   $ 176,579 $ 162,648 $ 146,664                             8.6 %      20.4 %
                               Ending AUA excl. non-fee-bearing assets                                                        173,854   160,048   146,664                             8.6        18.5
                              Strategic investments ending AUA
                               Rockefeller                                                                                  $    54,797 $          48,645 $         47,605           12.6 %     15.1 %
                               Wealthsimple                                                                                      39,048            31,714           22,567           23.1       73.0
                               Intra-segment eliminations                                                                          (488)             (475)              (8)          (2.7)      N/M
                                                                                                                            $    93,357 $          79,884 $         70,164           16.9 %      33.1 %
                              Consolidated ending AUA including strategic investments                                       $ 269,936 $ 242,532 $ 216,828                            11.3 %      24.5 %
                              Daily average AUA
                               IG Wealth Management                                                                         $ 170,605 $ 163,803 $ 141,170                             4.2 %      20.9 %
                               IG Wealth Management excl. non-fee-bearing assets                                              168,108   161,738   141,170                             3.9        19.1

                              Six months ended                                                                                                                       2026           2025
                              ($ millions)                                                                                                                         Jun. 30        Jun. 30     Change
                              Change in AUA – IG Wealth Management
                               Gross client inflows(1)                                                                                                         $    12,792 $        7,779        64.4 %
                               Gross client outflows(2)                                                                                                              8,495          6,836        24.3
                               Net flows(1)                                                                                                                           4,297           943       N/M
                               Investment returns                                                                                                                    13,341         5,301      151.7
                               Net change in assets                                                                                                                  17,638         6,244      182.5
                               Beginning assets                                                                                                                    158,941        140,420        13.2
                               Ending AUA                                                                                                                      $ 176,579 $ 146,664               20.4 %
                              Daily average AUA
                               IG Wealth Management                                                                                                            $ 167,223 $ 141,831               17.9 %
                               IG Wealth Management excl. non-fee-bearing assets                                                                                 164,941   141,831               16.3
                              (1) In the first and second quarters of 2026, gross client inflows and net flows included non-fee-bearing assets of $3.1 billion and nil, respectively.
                              (2) In the second quarter of 2025, IG Wealth Management pension plan redeemed $24 million from IG Wealth Management mutual funds that was re-allocated into a
                                  separately managed account managed by Mackenzie.




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                              $11.9 billion in mutual fund assets, compared to an                                     IG Wealth Management’s annualized quarterly
                              increase of $4.4 billion in the second quarter of 2025.                                 redemption rate for long-term funds was 10.8% in
                              At June 30, 2026, 97.1% of IG Wealth Management                                         the second quarter of 2026, compared to 9.7% in the
                              mutual fund assets had a rating of three stars or better                                second quarter of 2025. IG Wealth Management’s twelve
                              from Morningstar† fund ranking service and 67.8%                                        month trailing redemption rate for long-term funds was
                              had a rating of four or five stars. This compared to the                                10.9% at June 30, 2026, compared to 10.5% at June 30,
                              Morningstar† universe of 87.9% for three stars or better                                2025. The corresponding average twelve month trailing
                              and 61.9% for four and five star funds at June 30, 2026.                                redemption rate for all other members of the Securities
                              Morningstar Ratings† are an objective, quantitative                                     and Investment Management Association (SIMA),
                              measure of a fund’s three, five and ten year risk-adjusted                              was approximately 15.5% at June 30, 2026, based on
                              performance relative to comparable funds.                                               SIMA-reported industry data.


                              20 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2026 SECOND QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                   C  18                                          P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
Table 9: Change in AUM – IG Wealth Management
                                                                                                                                                            Change
Three months ended                                                                                       2026            2026          2025      2026         2025
($ millions)                                                                                           Jun. 30          Mar. 31      Jun. 30    Mar. 31     Jun. 30
Sales                                                                                              $      4,673 $          6,163 $     3,775      (24.2)%      23.8 %
Redemptions(1)                                                                                            4,186            4,507       3,286        (7.1)      27.4
Net sales (redemptions)                                                                                    487             1,656         489      (70.6)      (0.4)
Investment returns                                                                                      11,918               116       4,392      N/M        171.4
Net change in assets                                                                                    12,405            1,772        4,881      N/M        154.1
Beginning assets                                                                                       140,520          138,748      124,645       1.3        12.7
Ending assets                                                                                      $ 152,925 $ 140,520 $ 129,526                    8.8 %      18.1 %
Daily average AUM                                                                                  $ 147,762 $ 141,753 $ 124,484                    4.2 %      18.7 %

Six months ended                                                                                                                       2026       2025
($ millions)                                                                                                                         Jun. 30    Jun. 30     Change
Sales                                                                                                                              $ 10,836 $     8,682        24.8 %
Redemptions(1)                                                                                                                        8,693       7,249        19.9
Net sales (redemptions)                                                                                                                2,143      1,433       49.5
Investment returns                                                                                                                    12,034      4,893      145.9
Net change in assets                                                                                                                  14,177      6,326      124.1
Beginning assets                                                                                                                     138,748    123,200       12.6
Ending assets                                                                                                                      $ 152,925 $ 129,526         18.1 %
Daily average AUM                                                                                                                  $ 144,774 $ 124,968         15.8 %
(1) In the second quarter of 2025, IG Wealth Management pension plan redeemed $24 million from IG Wealth Management mutual funds that was re-allocated into a
    separately managed account managed by Mackenzie.



For the six months ended June 30, 2026, gross                                                in mutual fund assets compared to an increase of
client inflows of IG Wealth Management AUA were                                              $4.9 billion in 2025.
$12.8 billion and represented an increase of 64.4% from                                      In the second quarter of 2025, the IG Wealth
$7.8 billion in the comparable period in 2025. For the                                       Management pension plan redeemed $24 million
six months ended June 30, 2026, gross inflows from                                           from IG Wealth Management mutual funds that was
newly acquired clients with more than $1.0 million                                           re-allocated into a separately managed account
of assets accounted for 69.2% of all newly acquired                                          managed by Mackenzie Investments. Excluding this
client inflows. Net client inflows were $4.3 billion in the                                  transaction, net client inflows and net sales for the six
six month period, an increase of $3.4 billion from net                                       month period of 2025 were $967 million and $1.5 billion.
client inflows of $943 million in the comparable period
in 2025. During 2026, investment returns resulted in an                                      Change in AUM & AUA – Q2 2026 vs. Q1 2026
increase of $13.3 billion in AUA compared to an increase                                     IG Wealth Management’s AUA were $176.6 billion at
of $5.3 billion in 2025. Gross client inflows and net client                                 June 30, 2026, an increase of 8.6% from $162.6 billion
inflows for the six months ended June 30, 2026 included                                      at March 31, 2026. IG Wealth Management’s AUA




                                                                                                                                                                         PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
$3.1 billion of non-fee-bearing assets.                                                      excluding non-fee-bearing assets were $173.9 billion at
For the six months ended June 30, 2026, sales of                                             June 30, 2026, an increase of 8.6% from $160.0 billion at
IG Wealth Management mutual funds through its advisor                                        March 31, 2026. Non-fee-bearing assets were $2.7 billion
network were $10.8 billion, an increase of 24.8% from                                        at June 30, 2026, compared to $2.6 billion at March 31,
2025. Mutual fund redemptions totalled $8.7 billion,                                         2026. IG Wealth Management’s mutual fund AUM were
an increase of 19.9% from 2025. Net sales of IG Wealth                                       $152.9 billion at June 30, 2026, an increase of 8.8% from
Management mutual funds were $2.1 billion compared                                           $140.5 billion at March 31, 2026. Average daily mutual
with net sales of $1.4 billion in 2025. During 2026,                                         fund assets were $147.8 billion in the second quarter of
investment returns resulted in an increase of $12.0 billion                                  2026, compared to $141.8 billion in the first quarter of
                                                                                             2026, an increase of 4.2%.



                                               IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2026 SECOND QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                               21
                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                                C  19
                              For the quarter ended June 30, 2026, gross client inflows                     For the quarter ended June 30, 2026, sales of IG Wealth
                              of IG Wealth Management AUA were $4.5 billion,                                Management mutual funds through its advisor network
                              compared to $8.2 billion in the prior quarter. Net client                     were $4.7 billion, a decrease of 24.2% from the first
                              inflows were $341 million, compared to net client inflows                     quarter of 2026. Mutual fund redemptions totalled
                              of $4.0 billion in the prior quarter. During the second                       $4.2 billion for the second quarter, a decrease of 7.1%
                              quarter, investment returns resulted in an increase                           from the previous quarter, and the annualized quarterly
                              of $13.6 billion in AUA, compared to a decrease of                            redemption rate was 10.8% in the second quarter,
                              $249 million in the prior quarter. Gross client inflows                       compared to 12.2% in the first quarter of 2026. IG Wealth
                              and net client inflows for the first and second quarters                      Management mutual fund net sales were $487 million for
                              of 2026 included $3.1 billion and nil, respectively, of                       the current quarter, compared to net sales of $1.7 billion
                              non-fee-bearing assets.                                                       in the previous quarter.




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.




                              22   IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2026 SECOND QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


                                   C  20                                P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
Review of Segment Operating Results
The Wealth Management segment’s adjusted net                                                  Adjusted earnings before interest and taxes for the second
earnings are presented in Table 10 and include the                                            quarter of 2026 were $264.5 million, an increase of 29.5%
operations of IG Wealth Management and earnings                                               from the second quarter in 2025 and an increase of 9.3%
related to strategic investments.                                                             from the prior quarter. Adjusted earnings before interest
                                                                                              and taxes for the six months ended June 30, 2026 were
IG Wealth Management                                                                          $506.6 million, an increase of 25.1% from 2025.
IG Wealth Management’s adjusted net earnings are
                                                                                              2026 vs. 2025
presented within Table 11. Adjusted net earnings for
the second quarter of 2026 were $174.7 million, an                                            Fee Income
increase of 32.9% from the second quarter in 2025 and                                         Advisory fees include fees for providing financial advice
an increase of 9.9% from the prior quarter. Adjusted net                                      to clients including fees related to the distribution of
earnings for the six months ended June 30, 2026 were                                          products and net client interest income which depend
$333.6 million, an increase of 28.4% from 2025.                                               largely on the level and composition of AUA. Advisory
                                                                                              fees were $402.3 million in the second quarter of 2026,



Table 10: Operating Results – Wealth Management
                                                                                                                                                             Change
Three months ended                                                                                        2026            2026           2025     2026         2025
($ millions)                                                                                            Jun. 30          Mar. 31       Jun. 30   Mar. 31     Jun. 30
Revenues
 Wealth Management
  Advisory fees                                                                                     $      402.3 $          385.2 $     346.3        4.4 %      16.2 %
  Product and program fees                                                                                 313.8            297.9       263.7        5.3        19.0
                                                                                                           716.1            683.1       610.0        4.8        17.4
  Other financial planning revenues                                                                         61.1             51.6        43.0       18.4        42.1
 Total Wealth Management                                                                                   777.2            734.7       653.0       5.8        19.0
 Net investment income and other                                                                             3.1              2.9         2.2       6.9        40.9
 Proportionate share of associates’ earnings                                                                 0.1             (2.5)       (0.4)     N/M         N/M
                                                                                                           780.4            735.1       654.8        6.2        19.2
Expenses
 Advisory and business development
  Asset-based compensation                                                                                 216.9            208.8       182.4        3.9        18.9
  Sales-based compensation                                                                                  31.5             30.7        28.2        2.6        11.7
  Other
   Other product commissions                                                                                34.3                27.7      24.3      23.8        41.2
   Business development                                                                                     51.0                44.3      48.5      15.1         5.2




                                                                                                                                                                          PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                                                                                             85.3               72.0      72.8      18.5        17.2
 Total advisory and business development                                                                   333.7            311.5       283.4        7.1        17.7
 Operations and support                                                                                    121.1            126.2       116.1       (4.0)        4.3
 Sub-advisory                                                                                               61.4             58.1        51.6        5.7        19.0
                                                                                                           516.2            495.8       451.1        4.1        14.4
Adjusted earnings before interest and taxes(1)                                                             264.2            239.3       203.7       10.4        29.7
Interest expense                                                                                            27.1             25.7        25.8        5.4         5.0
Adjusted earnings before income taxes(1)                                                                   237.1            213.6       177.9       11.0        33.3
Income taxes                                                                                                62.7             57.5        47.1        9.0        33.1
Adjusted net earnings(1)                                                                            $      174.4 $          156.1 $     130.8       11.7 %      33.3 %

(1) A non-IFRS financial measure – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures section of this document.


                                                IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2026 SECOND QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                               23
                                P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                                C  21
                              Table 10: Operating Results – Wealth Management (continued)
                              Six months ended                                                                                                                         2026           2025
                              ($ millions)                                                                                                                           Jun. 30        Jun. 30    Change
                              Revenues
                               Wealth Management
                                Advisory fees                                                                                                                    $      787.5 $      688.4       14.4 %
                                Product and program fees                                                                                                                611.7        527.6       15.9
                                                                                                                                                                     1,399.2        1,216.0      15.1
                                Other financial planning revenues                                                                                                      112.7           79.8      41.2
                               Total Wealth Management                                                                                                               1,511.9        1,295.8      16.7
                               Net investment income and other                                                                                                           6.0            4.3      39.5
                               Proportionate share of associates’ earnings                                                                                              (2.4)          (4.1)     41.5
                                                                                                                                                                     1,515.5        1,296.0      16.9
                              Expenses
                               Advisory and business development
                                Asset-based compensation                                                                                                                425.7        366.4       16.2
                                Sales-based compensation                                                                                                                 62.2         55.9       11.3
                                Other
                                 Other product commissions                                                                                                                62.0         44.6      39.0
                                 Business development                                                                                                                     95.3         91.6       4.0
                                                                                                                                                                        157.3        136.2       15.5
                               Total advisory and business development                                                                                                  645.2        558.5       15.5
                               Operations and support                                                                                                                   247.3        234.0        5.7
                               Sub-advisory                                                                                                                             119.5        103.1       15.9
                                                                                                                                                                     1,012.0         895.6       13.0
                              Adjusted earnings before interest and taxes(1)                                                                                            503.5        400.4       25.7
                              Interest expense                                                                                                                           52.8         51.3        2.9
                              Adjusted earnings before income taxes(1)                                                                                                  450.7        349.1       29.1
                              Income taxes                                                                                                                              120.2         94.0       27.9
                              Adjusted net earnings(1)                                                                                                           $      330.5 $      255.1       29.6 %

                              (1) A non-IFRS financial measure – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures section of this document.




                              an increase of $56.0 million or 16.2% from $346.3 million                                 compared to 97.9 basis points in 2025. Average fee rates
                              in 2025. For the six months ended June 30, 2026,                                          will fluctuate based on product mix and client AUA levels.
                              advisory fees were $787.5 million, an increase of                                         Product and program fees depend largely on the
                              $99.1 million or 14.4% from $688.4 million in 2025.                                       level and composition of mutual fund AUM. Product
                              The increase in advisory fees in the three months                                         and program fees totalled $313.8 million in the current
                              ending June 30, 2026 was primarily due to an increase                                     quarter, up 19.0% from $263.7 million a year ago primarily




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                              in average AUA excluding non-fee-bearing assets of                                        due to the increase in average AUM of 18.7%, as shown
                              19.1%, as shown in Table 8, partially offset by a decrease                                in Table 9. Product and program fees were $611.7 million
                              in the advisory fee rate. The increase in advisory fees                                   for the six month period ended June 30, 2026 compared
                              in the six months ending June 30, 2026 was primarily                                      to $527.6 million in 2025, an increase of 15.9% primarily
                              due to the increase in average AUA excluding non-fee-                                     due to an increase in average AUM of 15.8%. The
                              bearing assets of 16.3%. The average advisory fee rate                                    average product and program fee rate for the three and
                              for the second quarter was 96.0 basis points of average                                   six month periods ending June 30, 2026 were 85.2 basis
                              AUA excluding non-fee-bearing assets, compared to                                         points of AUM, compared to 85.0 and 85.1 basis points,
                              98.4 basis points in 2025. The average advisory fee rate                                  respectively, for the comparable periods in 2025.
                              for the six months ended June 30, 2026 was 96.3 basis                                     Other financial planning revenues of $61.1 million for the
                              points of average AUA excluding non-fee-bearing assets,                                   second quarter of 2026 increased by $18.1 million from


                              24 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2026 SECOND QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                   C  22                                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
Table 11: Operating Results – IG Wealth Management
                                                                                                                                                             Change
Three months ended                                                                                        2026            2026           2025     2026         2025
($ millions)                                                                                            Jun. 30          Mar. 31       Jun. 30   Mar. 31     Jun. 30
Revenues
 Wealth Management
  Advisory fees                                                                                     $      402.3 $          385.2 $     346.3        4.4 %      16.2 %
  Product and program fees                                                                                 313.8            297.9       263.7        5.3        19.0
                                                                                                           716.1            683.1       610.0        4.8        17.4
  Other financial planning revenues                                                                         61.1             51.6        43.0       18.4        42.1
 Total Wealth Management                                                                                   777.2            734.7       653.0        5.8        19.0
 Net investment income and other                                                                             3.1              2.9         2.2        6.9        40.9
                                                                                                           780.3            737.6       655.2        5.8        19.1
Expenses
 Advisory and business development
  Asset-based compensation                                                                                 216.9            208.8       182.4        3.9        18.9
  Sales-based compensation                                                                                  31.5             30.7        28.2        2.6        11.7
  Other
   Other product commissions                                                                                34.3                27.7      24.3      23.8        41.2
   Business development                                                                                     51.0                44.3      48.5      15.1         5.2
                                                                                                             85.3               72.0      72.8      18.5        17.2
 Total advisory and business development                                                                   333.7            311.5       283.4        7.1        17.7
 Operations and support                                                                                    120.7            125.9       115.9       (4.1)        4.1
 Sub-advisory                                                                                               61.4             58.1        51.6        5.7        19.0
                                                                                                           515.8            495.5       450.9        4.1        14.4
Adjusted earnings before interest and taxes(1)                                                             264.5            242.1       204.3        9.3        29.5
Interest expense                                                                                            27.1             25.7        25.8        5.4         5.0
Adjusted earnings before income taxes(1)                                                                   237.4            216.4       178.5        9.7        33.0
Income taxes                                                                                                62.7             57.5        47.0        9.0        33.4
Adjusted net earnings(1)                                                                            $      174.7 $          158.9 $     131.5        9.9 %      32.9 %

(1) A non-IFRS financial measure – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures section of this document.




$43.0 million in 2025. For the six month period, other                                        Expenses
financial planning revenues of $112.7 million increased by                                    Asset-based compensation includes compensation
$32.9 million from $79.8 million in 2025. The change for the                                  paid to both the entrepreneurial advisor and the
three and six month periods was primarily due to higher                                       corporate channels. The entrepreneurial advisor channel
earnings from mortgage banking operations and higher                                          compensation fluctuates primarily with the value of
revenues from the distribution of insurance products.                                         AUA and product mix while the corporate channel




                                                                                                                                                                          PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
A summary of mortgage banking operations for the                                              fluctuates largely based on the number of clients within
periods under review is presented in Table 12.                                                the channel. Asset-based compensation increased by
                                                                                              $34.5 million and $59.3 million for the three and six
Net Investment Income and Other                                                               month periods ended June 30, 2026 to $216.9 million
Net investment income and other consists of unrealized                                        and $425.7 million, respectively, compared to 2025. The
gains or losses on investments in proprietary funds,                                          increase for both the three and six month periods was
investment income earned on our cash and cash                                                 primarily due to increases in AUA.
equivalents and securities, and other income not
                                                                                              IG Wealth Management sales-based compensation is
related to our core business. It also includes a charge
                                                                                              based upon the level of net new assets contributed to
from the Corporate and Other segment for the use of
                                                                                              client accounts at IG Wealth Management (subject to
unallocated capital.
                                                                                              eligibility requirements). All sales-based compensation


                                                IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2026 SECOND QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                               25
                                P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                                C  23
                              Table 11: Operating Results – IG Wealth Management (continued)
                              Six months ended                                                                                                                         2026           2025
                              ($ millions)                                                                                                                           Jun. 30        Jun. 30   Change
                              Revenues
                               Wealth Management
                                Advisory fees                                                                                                                    $      787.5 $      688.4      14.4 %
                                Product and program fees                                                                                                                611.7        527.6      15.9
                                                                                                                                                                     1,399.2        1,216.0     15.1
                                Other financial planning revenues                                                                                                      112.7           79.8     41.2
                               Total Wealth Management                                                                                                               1,511.9        1,295.8     16.7
                               Net investment income and other                                                                                                           6.0            4.3     39.5
                                                                                                                                                                      1,517.9       1,300.1     16.8
                              Expenses
                               Advisory and business development
                                Asset-based compensation                                                                                                                425.7        366.4      16.2
                                Sales-based compensation                                                                                                                 62.2         55.9      11.3
                                Other
                                 Other product commissions                                                                                                                62.0         44.6     39.0
                                 Business development                                                                                                                     95.3         91.6      4.0
                                                                                                                                                                        157.3        136.2      15.5
                               Total advisory and business development                                                                                                  645.2        558.5      15.5
                               Operations and support                                                                                                                   246.6        233.5       5.6
                               Sub-advisory                                                                                                                             119.5        103.1      15.9
                                                                                                                                                                     1,011.3         895.1      13.0
                              Adjusted earnings before interest and taxes(1)                                                                                            506.6        405.0      25.1
                              Interest expense                                                                                                                           52.8         51.3       2.9
                              Adjusted earnings before income taxes(1)                                                                                                  453.8        353.7      28.3
                              Income taxes                                                                                                                              120.2         93.8      28.1
                              Adjusted net earnings(1)                                                                                                           $      333.6 $      259.9      28.4 %

                              (1) A non-IFRS financial measure – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures section of this document.




                              payments are capitalized and amortized as they reflect                                    Operations and support includes costs that support
                              incremental costs to obtain a client contract. Sales-based                                our wealth management and other general and
                              compensation was $31.5 million for the second quarter                                     administrative functions such as product management,
                              of 2026, an increase of $3.3 million from $28.2 million                                   technology and operations, as well as other functional
                              in 2025. For the six month period, sales-based                                            business units and corporate expenses. Operations and
                              compensation expense was $62.2 million, an increase                                       support expenses were $120.7 million for the second
                              of $6.3 million from $55.9 million in 2025.                                               quarter of 2026, compared to $115.9 million in 2025,




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                              Other advisory and business development expenses                                          an increase of $4.8 million. For the six month period,
                              were $85.3 million in the second quarter of 2026,                                         operations and support expenses were $246.6 million
                              compared to $72.8 million in 2025, an increase of                                         in 2026 compared to $233.5 million in 2025, an increase
                              $12.5 million. Other advisory and business development                                    of $13.1 million or 5.6%.
                              expenses were $157.3 million in the six months ended                                      Sub-advisory expenses were $61.4 million for the second
                              June 30, 2026, an increase of $21.1 million from                                          quarter of 2026, compared to $51.6 million in 2025,
                              $136.2 million in 2025. The increases in both periods were                                an increase of $9.8 million or 19.0%. For the six month
                              primarily from higher volume from the distribution of                                     period, sub-advisory expenses were $119.5 million in
                              insurance products.                                                                       2026 compared to $103.1 million in 2025, an increase of
                                                                                                                        $16.4 million or 15.9%. The change in both periods was
                                                                                                                        primarily due to changes in AUM.


                              26 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2026 SECOND QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                   C  24                                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
Table 12: Mortgage Banking Operations – IG Wealth Management
                                                                                                                                                                    Change
Three months ended                                                                                         2026            2026               2025       2026         2025
($ millions)                                                                                             Jun. 30          Mar. 31           Jun. 30     Mar. 31     Jun. 30
Total mortgage banking income
 Net interest income on securitized loans
  Interest income                                                                                    $        49.5 $             48.0 $        49.6         3.1 %      (0.2)%
  Interest expense                                                                                            43.6               44.3          47.4        (1.6)       (8.0)
  Net interest income                                                                                          5.9                3.7           2.2        59.5      168.2
 Gains (losses) on sales(1)                                                                                    1.0                1.6           1.6       (37.5)     (37.5)
 Fair value adjustments                                                                                       (0.3)               0.7          (1.4)      N/M         78.6
 Other                                                                                                         3.7                3.4           3.3         8.8       12.1
                                                                                                     $        10.3 $              9.4 $         5.7         9.6 %      80.7 %
Average mortgages serviced
 Securitizations                                                                                     $      4,655 $          4,714 $         4,953         (1.3)%      (6.0)%
 Other                                                                                                      2,091            2,070           1,891          1.0        10.6
                                                                                                     $      6,746 $          6,784 $         6,844         (0.6)%      (1.4)%
Mortgage sales to:     (2)

 Securitizations                                                                                     $        439 $              400 $         367          9.7 %      19.6 %
 Other(1)                                                                                                     155                214           238        (27.6)      (34.9)
                                                                                                     $        594 $              614 $         605         (3.3)%      (1.8)%

Six months ended                                                                                                                              2026        2025
($ millions)                                                                                                                                Jun. 30     Jun. 30     Change
Total mortgage banking income
 Net interest income on securitized loans
  Interest income                                                                                                                       $      97.5 $      98.7        (1.2)%
  Interest expense                                                                                                                             87.9        94.5        (7.0)
  Net interest income                                                                                                                           9.6         4.2      128.6
 Gains (losses) on sales(1)                                                                                                                     2.6         2.8        (7.1)
 Fair value adjustments                                                                                                                         0.4        (2.2)      N/M
 Other                                                                                                                                          7.1         6.4       10.9
                                                                                                                                        $      19.7 $      11.2        75.9 %
Average mortgages serviced
 Securitizations                                                                                                                        $    4,684 $     4,991         (6.2)%
 Other                                                                                                                                       2,082       1,837         13.3
                                                                                                                                        $    6,766 $     6,828         (0.9)%
Mortgage sales to:(2)
 Securitizations                                                                                                                        $      839 $       657         27.7 %
 Other(1)                                                                                                                                      369         377         (2.1)
                                                                                                                                        $    1,208 $     1,034         16.8 %




                                                                                                                                                                                 PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
(1) Represents sales to institutional investors through private placements and to IG Mackenzie Mortgage and Short Term Income Fund, as well as gains (losses) realized
    on those sales.
(2) Represents principal amounts sold.




Interest Expense                                                                               interest expense for the three and six month periods
Interest expense, which includes allocated interest                                            resulted from the impact of the issuance of $400 million
expense on long-term debt and interest expense on                                              debentures on June 2, 2026. Long-term debt interest
leases, totalled $27.1 million in the second quarter of                                        expense is calculated based on an allocation of IGM
2026, compared to $25.8 million from 2025. For the six                                         Financial’s long-term debt to IG Wealth Management
month period, interest expense totalled $52.8 million                                          which was $2.27 billion at June 30, 2026.
compared to $51.3 million in 2025. The change in

                                                 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2026 SECOND QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                                     27
                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                                      C  25
                              Q2 2026 vs. Q1 2026                                                           Other financial planning revenues of $61.1 million in the
                              Fee Income                                                                    second quarter of 2026 increased by $9.5 million from
                                                                                                            $51.6 million in the first quarter, primarily due to higher
                              Advisory fee income increased by $17.1 million to
                                                                                                            revenues from the distribution of insurance products.
                              $402.3 million in the second quarter of 2026, compared
                              to the first quarter of 2026. The increase in advisory fees                   Expenses
                              in the second quarter was primarily due to an increase in                     Advisory and business development expenses in the
                              average AUA excluding non-fee-bearing assets of 3.9%                          current quarter were $333.7 million, an increase of
                              for the quarter, as shown in Table 8, and one additional                      $22.2 million from $311.5 million in the previous quarter.
                              calendar day in the quarter, partially offset by a decrease                   The increase is primarily due to increased asset-based
                              in fee rate. The average advisory fee rate for the second                     compensation as a result of higher AUA and higher
                              quarter was 96.0 basis points of average AUA excluding                        volume from the distribution of insurance products.
                              non-fee-bearing assets, compared to 96.6 basis points in
                              the first quarter. Fee rates are determined based on client                   Operations and support expenses were $120.7 million
                              AUA levels and the average rate will fluctuate based on                       for the second quarter of 2026, compared to
                              changes in a client’s AUA as well as product mix.                             $125.9 million in the previous quarter as a result of
                                                                                                            timing of certain expenses.
                              Product and program fees were $313.8 million in the
                              second quarter of 2026, an increase of $15.9 million from
                                                                                                            Wealth Management Strategic Investments
                              $297.9 million in the first quarter of 2026. The increase
                              was primarily due to an increase in average AUM of 4.2%,                      Wealth Management strategic investment’s adjusted
                              as shown in Table 9, and one additional calendar day in                       net earnings are presented within Table 13. Adjusted
                              the quarter. The average product and program fee rate                         net earnings for the second quarter of 2026 were
                              for the second quarter was 85.2 basis points of AUM,                          ($0.3) million, compared to ($0.7) million in 2025 and
                              unchanged from the first quarter.                                             ($2.8) million in the prior quarter. Adjusted net earnings
                                                                                                            for the six months were ($3.1) million, compared to
                                                                                                            ($4.8) million in 2025.




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.




                              28   IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2026 SECOND QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


                                   C  26                                P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
Table 13: Operating Results – Wealth Management Strategic Investments
                                                                                                                                                                     Change
Three months ended                                                                                        2026            2026                2025        2026         2025
($ millions)                                                                                            Jun. 30          Mar. 31            Jun. 30      Mar. 31     Jun. 30
Revenues
 Proportionate share of associates’ earnings
  Rockefeller                                                                                       $         0.3 $             (1.8) $        (0.7)       N/M %       N/M %
  Other                                                                                                      (0.2)              (0.7)           0.3        71.4        N/M
                                                                                                              0.1               (2.5)          (0.4)       N/M         N/M
Expenses
 Operations and support                                                                                       0.4               0.3             0.2         33.3      100.0
Adjusted earnings before income taxes              (1)
                                                                                                             (0.3)              (2.8)          (0.6)        89.3        50.0
Income taxes                                                                                                    –                  –            0.1            –      (100.0)
Adjusted net earnings(1)                                                                            $        (0.3) $            (2.8) $        (0.7)        89.3 %      57.1 %

Six months ended                                                                                                                              2026         2025
($ millions)                                                                                                                                Jun. 30      Jun. 30     Change
Revenues
 Proportionate share of associates’ earnings
  Rockefeller                                                                                                                           $      (1.5) $      (5.0)      70.0 %
  Other                                                                                                                                        (0.9)         0.9       N/M
                                                                                                                                               (2.4)        (4.1)       41.5
Expenses
 Operations and support                                                                                                                         0.7          0.5        40.0
Adjusted earnings before income taxes(1)                                                                                                       (3.1)        (4.6)       32.6
Income taxes                                                                                                                                      –          0.2      (100.0)
Adjusted net earnings(1)                                                                                                                $      (3.1) $      (4.8)       35.4 %
(1) A non-IFRS financial measure – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures section of this document.




                                                                                                                                                                                  PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.




                                                IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2026 SECOND QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                                       29
                                P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                                        C  27
                              Asset Management
                              Segment results are presented on the same basis as the
                              fourth quarter of 2025 and should be read in conjunction
                              with the MD&A included in the 2025 Annual Report.




                              Review of the Business
                              The Asset Management segment includes Mackenzie                              Mackenzie delivers its investment offerings through a
                              Investments and strategic investments in ChinaAMC                            boutique structure, with separate in-house investment
                              and Northleaf.                                                               teams which each have a distinct focus and investment
                                                                                                           approach. Mackenzie’s 56% economic interest in
                              2026 Developments                                                            Northleaf enhances its investment capabilities by offering
                                                                                                           global private equity, private credit and infrastructure
                              Northleaf
                                                                                                           investment solutions to our clients.
                              Subsequent to June 30, 2026, pursuant to the 2020
                                                                                                           Mackenzie supplements its investment capabilities
                              Northleaf transaction and related rights and obligations,
                                                                                                           through the use of third party sub-advisors and strategic
                              the Company completed a series of transactions that
                                                                                                           beta index providers in selected areas.
                              aligned its voting rights and economic interests and
                              increased its ownership in Northleaf by 4.9%, net of
                                                                                                           Distribution and Products
                              NCI, to 60.9%, for cash consideration of $43 million. As a
                              result of the transactions, the Company will consolidate                     Our business focuses on three key distribution channels:
                              Northleaf within the Asset Management segment effective                      retail, strategic alliances and institutional.
                              July 1, 2026.                                                                Mackenzie primarily distributes its retail investment
                              Northleaf is a global private equity, private credit and                     products through third party financial advisors. Our
                              infrastructure investment firm with more than $37 billion                    sales teams work with many of the more than 30,000
                              in assets under management, reflecting commitments                           independent financial advisors and their firms across
                              raised to date from more than 375 institutional and family                   Canada. Our innovative, comprehensive lineup of
                              office investors and a growing number of wealth, asset                       investment solutions covers all asset classes and parts of
                              management and insurance partners. Northleaf sources,                        the globe. We offer a range of relevant products and
                              evaluates and manages private markets investments, with                      investment solutions designed to help advisors meet the
                              a focus on mid-market companies and assets. Northleaf’s                      evolving needs of their clients. We regularly introduce
                              320-person team is located across offices in Canada, the                     new funds and we may merge or streamline our fund
                              U.S., U.K., Australia, South Korea and Japan.                                offerings to provide enhanced investment solutions.
                                                                                                           In addition to our retail distribution team, Mackenzie also
                              Mackenzie Investments




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                                                                                           has specialty teams focused on strategic alliances and the
                              Mackenzie Investments is a diversified asset management                      institutional marketplace.
                              solutions provider offering a wide range of investment                       Within the strategic alliance channel, Mackenzie offers
                              mandates through a boutique structure across multiple                        certain series of mutual funds and provides sub-advisory
                              distribution channels.                                                       services to third party and related party investment
                                                                                                           programs offered by banks, insurance companies and
                              Investment Management                                                        other investment companies. Strategic alliances with
                              Mackenzie has $268.8 billion in AUM at June 30, 2026,                        related parties include providing advisory services to
                              including $102.1 billion of sub-advisory mandates to the                     IG Wealth Management and Great West subsidiaries.
                              Wealth Management segment.                                                   Mackenzie partners with Wealthsimple to distribute
                                                                                                           ETFs through their product shelf and serves as one of


                              30 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2026 SECOND QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                   C  28                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
two exclusive investment solutions providers to PFSL                                   Investment fund AUM were $85.6 billion at June 30, 2026,
Investment Canada Ltd. (Primerica) by offering a suite                                 a record quarter end high, compared to $71.2 billion at
of 28 funds designed to address the specific needs of                                  June 30, 2025, an increase of 20.2%. Mackenzie’s mutual
Primerica advisors and their clients.                                                  fund AUM of $70.2 billion increased by 12.4% from
In the institutional channel, Mackenzie provides                                       $62.5 billion at June 30, 2025. Mackenzie’s ETF assets
investment management services to pension plans,                                       excluding ETFs held within IGM Financial’s managed
foundations and other institutions.                                                    products were $15.3 billion at June 30, 2026, an increase
                                                                                       of 76.6% from $8.7 billion at June 30, 2025. ETF assets
Mackenzie continually evolves its product shelf, which                                 inclusive of IGM Financial’s managed products were
includes mutual funds, alternative funds, exchange                                     $29.9 billion at June 30, 2026 compared to $18.7 billion
traded funds (ETF), and a variety of institutional                                     at June 30, 2025.
investment vehicles.
                                                                                       In the three months ended June 30, 2026, Mackenzie’s
                                                                                       mutual fund gross sales were $3.3 billion, an increase
Asset Management AUM
                                                                                       of 54.6%, compared to $2.1 billion in 2025. Mutual fund
AUM is a key performance indicator for the Asset                                       redemptions in the current quarter were $3.7 billion,
Management segment.                                                                    an increase of 48.9% from last year. Mutual fund net
The changes in total AUM are summarized in Table                                       redemptions for the three months ended June 30,
14 and the changes in investment fund AUM are                                          2026 were $426 million, compared to net redemptions
summarized in Table 15. Assets managed for the Wealth                                  of $366 million last year. In the three months ended
Management segment are included in total AUM.                                          June 30, 2026, ETF net creations were $789 million,
                                                                                       compared to $553 million last year. Investment fund net
Asset Management AUM including strategic investments
                                                                                       sales in the current quarter were $363 million, compared
were $457.2 billion at June 30, 2026, compared to
                                                                                       to net sales of $187 million last year. During the current
$393.4 billion at June 30, 2025. Strategic investments AUM
                                                                                       quarter, investment returns resulted in investment fund
is based on the Company’s interest in these companies.
                                                                                       assets increasing by $7.0 billion compared to an increase
At June 30, 2026, Mackenzie’s total AUM were                                           of $2.2 billion last year.
$268.8 billion, an increase of 19.7% from $224.6 billion
                                                                                       Long-term investment performance is a key measure of
last year. Mackenzie’s total third party AUM were
                                                                                       Mackenzie’s ongoing success. At June 30, 2026, 54.9%
$166.7 billion, an increase of 21.5% from $137.2 billion last
                                                                                       of Mackenzie mutual fund assets were rated in the top
year. The change in Mackenzie’s AUM is determined by
                                                                                       two performance quartiles for the one year time frame,
investment returns and net contributions from our clients.
                                                                                       54.0% for the three year time frame and 64.1% for the
At June 30, 2026, ChinaAMC’s AUM was RMB¥                                              five year time frame. Mackenzie also monitors its fund
2,908.0 billion ($607.8 billion), compared to RMB¥                                     performance relative to the ratings it receives on its
2,851.2 billion ($542.3 billion) at June 30, 2025, an                                  mutual funds from the Morningstar† fund ranking service.
increase of 2.0% (CAD 12.1%). Mackenzie holds a 27.8%                                  At June 30, 2026, 81.9% of Mackenzie mutual fund assets
interest in ChinaAMC.                                                                  measured by Morningstar† had a rating of three stars or
At June 30, 2026, Northleaf’s AUM was $37.1 billion,                                   better and 50.9% had a rating of four or five stars. This
compared to $32.8 billion at June 30, 2025, an increase                                compared to the Morningstar† universe of 87.9% for three
of 13.1%. Mackenzie holds a 56% economic interest                                      stars or better and 61.9% for four and five star funds at




                                                                                                                                                       PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
in Northleaf.                                                                          June 30, 2026.
                                                                                       Total net sales excluding sub-advisory to Canada Life
Mackenzie Investments AUM                                                              and to the Wealth Management segment for the
Change in AUM – 2026 vs. 2025                                                          three months ended June 30, 2026 were $1.9 billion,
Mackenzie’s total AUM at June 30, 2026 of $268.8 billion,                              compared to net redemptions of $135 million last year.
a record quarter end high, increased 19.7% from                                        During the current quarter, investment returns resulted in
$224.6 billion at June 30, 2025. Third party AUM were                                  assets increasing by $9.9 billion, compared to an increase
$166.7 billion, an increase of 21.5% from $137.2 billion at                            of $2.8 billion last year.
June 30, 2025.                                                                         During the second quarter of 2026, Mackenzie
                                                                                       onboarded institutional mandates of $1.8 billion


                                         IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2026 SECOND QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                   31
                         P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                    C  29
                              Table 14: Change in Total AUM – Asset Management
                                                                                                                                                                                                  Change
                              Three months ended                                                                                      2026            2026               2025          2026         2025
                              ($ millions)                                                                                          Jun. 30          Mar. 31           Jun. 30        Mar. 31     Jun. 30
                              Mackenzie AUM excluding sub-advisory to
                              Canada Life and the Wealth Management segment
                               Net sales (redemptions)
                                Mutual funds                                                                                    $       (426) $           (256) $           (366)       (66.4)%     (16.4)%
                                ETF net creations                                                                                        789               985               553        (19.9)       42.7
                                 Investment funds(1)(2)                                                                                  363               729               187        (50.2)      94.1
                                 Sub-advisory, institutional and other accounts(3)(4)                                                  1,524               934              (322)        63.2       N/M
                               Total net sales (redemptions)                                                                           1,887            1,663              (135)        13.5        N/M
                               Investment returns                                                                                      9,938             (658)            2,783         N/M         N/M
                               Net change in assets                                                                                  11,825             1,005            2,648          N/M         N/M
                               Beginning assets                                                                                      93,629            92,624           80,546           1.1        16.2
                               Ending assets                                                                                    $ 105,454 $            93,629 $         83,194           12.6 %      26.8 %
                              Mackenzie consolidated AUM
                               Mutual funds                                                                                     $    70,222 $          64,812 $         62,488            8.3 %      12.4 %
                               ETFs                                                                                                  15,333            13,361            8,683           14.8        76.6
                                 Investment funds(1)(2)                                                                              85,555            78,173           71,171            9.4        20.2
                                 Sub-advisory, institutional and other accounts                                                      19,899            15,456           12,023           28.7        65.5
                                                                                                                                    105,454            93,629           83,194           12.6        26.8
                                 Sub-advisory to Canada Life                                                                         61,291            57,720           54,031            6.2        13.4
                               Third party AUM                                                                                      166,745          151,349           137,225           10.2        21.5
                               Sub-advisory and AUM to Wealth Management(2)                                                         102,090           94,604            87,352            7.9        16.9
                               Consolidated AUM                                                                                 $ 268,835 $ 245,953 $ 224,577                             9.3 %      19.7 %
                              Strategic investments ending AUM
                               ChinaAMC                                                                                         $ 168,960 $ 157,928 $ 150,748                             7.0 %     12.1 %
                               Northleaf                                                                                           20,775    20,176    18,361                             3.0       13.1
                               Intra-segment eliminations                                                                          (1,403)     (498)     (309)                         (181.7)      N/M
                                                                                                                                $ 188,332 $ 177,606 $ 168,800                             6.0 %      11.6 %
                              Consolidated ending AUM including strategic investments                                           $ 457,167 $ 423,559 $ 393,377                             7.9 %      16.2 %
                              Mackenzie average total AUM           (5)

                               Third party AUM                                                                                  $ 160,392 $ 153,111 $ 132,675                             4.8 %      20.9 %
                               Consolidated AUM                                                                                   259,158   248,151   217,923                             4.4        18.9

                              (1) Investment fund AUM and net sales exclude investments into Mackenzie mutual funds and ETFs by IGM Financial’s investment funds.
                              (2) Mackenzie investment fund products sold through IG Wealth Management are included in Sub-advisory and AUM to Wealth Management.
                              (3) Sub-advisory, institutional and other accounts:
                                  2026 Q2 – Mackenzie onboarded institutional mandates of $1.8 billion and institutional clients re-assigned sub-advisory responsibilities totalling $0.7 billion on
                                             mandates advised upon by Mackenzie as part of an overall asset allocation decision.
                                        Q1 – Mackenzie onboarded institutional mandates of $1.2 billion.




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                  2025 Q2 – An institutional investor redeemed $320 million within products that Mackenzie sub-advises.
                              (4) In the second quarter of 2025, IG Wealth Management pension plan redeemed $24 million from IG Wealth Management mutual funds that was re-allocated into
                                  a separately managed account managed by Mackenzie.
                              (5) Based on daily average investment fund assets and month-end average sub-advisory, institutional and other assets.




                              32    IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2026 SECOND QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


                                   C  30                                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
Table 14: Change in Total AUM – Asset Management (continued)
Six months ended                                                                                                                       2026        2025
($ millions)                                                                                                                         Jun. 30     Jun. 30    Change
Mackenzie AUM excluding sub-advisory to
Canada Life and the Wealth Management segment
 Net sales (redemptions)
  Mutual funds                                                                                                                   $     (682) $    (1,066)      36.0 %
  ETF net creations                                                                                                                   1,774        1,168       51.9
   Investment funds(1)(2)(3)                                                                                                          1,092         102       N/M
   Sub-advisory, institutional and other accounts(4)(5)                                                                               2,458       3,204       (23.3)
 Total net sales (redemptions)                                                                                                        3,550       3,306        7.4
 Investment returns                                                                                                                   9,280       2,820       N/M
 Net change in assets                                                                                                                12,830       6,126      109.4
 Beginning assets                                                                                                                    92,624      77,068       20.2
 Ending assets                                                                                                                   $ 105,454 $     83,194        26.8 %
Mackenzie average total AUM           (6)

 Third party AUM                                                                                                                 $ 157,237 $ 132,493           18.7 %
 Consolidated AUM                                                                                                                  254,395   217,768           16.8

(1) Investment fund AUM and net sales exclude investments into Mackenzie mutual funds and ETFs by IGM Financial’s investment funds.
(2) Mackenzie investment fund products sold through IG Wealth Management are included in Sub-advisory and AUM to Wealth Management.
(3) In the first quarter of 2025, an institutional investor which includes Mackenzie mutual funds in its product offerings made fund allocation changes resulting in
    redemptions of $144 million.
(4) Sub-advisory, institutional and other accounts:
    2026 Q2 – Mackenzie onboarded institutional mandates of $1.8 billion and institutional clients re-assigned sub-advisory responsibilities totalling $0.7 billion on
                 mandates advised upon by Mackenzie as part of an overall asset allocation decision.
          Q1 – Mackenzie onboarded institutional mandates of $1.2 billion.
    2025 Q2 – An institutional investor redeemed $320 million within products that Mackenzie sub-advises.
          Q1 – Mackenzie onboarded institutional mandates of $3.6 billion.
(5) In the second quarter of 2025, IG Wealth Management pension plan redeemed $24 million from IG Wealth Management mutual funds that was re-allocated into
    a separately managed account managed by Mackenzie.
(6) Based on daily average investment fund assets and month-end average sub-advisory, institutional and other assets.




and institutional clients re-assigned sub-advisory                                             compared to $1.2 billion last year. Investment fund net
responsibilities totalling $0.7 billion on mandates                                            sales in the current period were $1.1 billion compared
advised upon by Mackenzie as part of an overall asset                                          to net sales of $102 million last year. During the current
allocation decision. During the second quarter of                                              period, investment returns resulted in investment fund
2025, an institutional investor redeemed $320 million                                          assets increasing by $6.3 billion compared to an increase
within products that Mackenzie sub-advises and the                                             of $2.4 billion last year.
IG Wealth Management pension plan redeemed                                                     Redemptions of long-term mutual funds in the three and
$24 million from IG Wealth Management mutual funds                                             six months ended June 30, 2026, were $3.6 billion and
that was re-allocated into a separately managed account                                        $7.9 billion, respectively, compared to $2.4 billion and
managed by Mackenzie. Excluding these transactions,                                            $5.6 billion last year. Mackenzie’s annualized quarterly
net sales were $767 million in the three months ended




                                                                                                                                                                         PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                                                                               redemption rate for long-term mutual funds was 21.5%
June 30, 2026 compared to net sales of $161 million in                                         in the second quarter of 2026, compared to 15.8% in
the three months ended June 30, 2025.                                                          the second quarter of 2025. Mackenzie’s twelve month
In the six months ended June 30, 2026, Mackenzie’s mutual                                      trailing redemption rate for long-term mutual funds
fund gross sales were $7.3 billion, an increase of 54.3%                                       was 20.7% at June 30, 2026, compared to 17.7% last
from $4.7 billion in 2025. Mutual fund redemptions in the                                      year. The corresponding average twelve month trailing
current period were $8.0 billion, an increase of 37.7% from                                    redemption rate for long-term mutual funds for all other
last year. Mutual fund net redemptions for the six months                                      members of SIMA was approximately 15.0% at June 30,
ended June 30, 2026 were $682 million, compared to                                             2026, based on SIMA-reported industry data.
net redemptions of $1.1 billion in 2025. In the six months                                     Total net sales excluding sub-advisory to Canada Life
ended June 30, 2026, ETF net creations were $1.8 billion                                       and to the Wealth Management segment for the six

                                                 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2026 SECOND QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                             33
                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                              C  31
                              Table 15: Change in Investment Fund AUM – Mackenzie Investments(1)
                                                                                                                                                                                                   Change
                              Three months ended                                                                                       2026            2026               2025          2026         2025
                              ($ millions)                                                                                           Jun. 30          Mar. 31           Jun. 30        Mar. 31     Jun. 30
                              Sales                                                                                              $      3,253 $          4,063 $           2,104         (19.9)%      54.6 %
                              Redemptions                                                                                               3,679            4,319             2,470         (14.8)       48.9
                              Mutual fund net sales (redemptions)                                                                        (426)             (256)             (366)       (66.4)      (16.4)
                              ETF net creations                                                                                           789               985               553        (19.9)       42.7
                              Investment fund net sales (redemptions)(2)(3)                                                               363               729              187         (50.2)      94.1
                              Investment returns                                                                                        7,019              (689)           2,225         N/M         N/M
                              Net change in assets                                                                                     7,382                40            2,412          N/M         N/M
                              Beginning assets                                                                                        78,173            78,133           68,759           0.1        13.7
                              Ending assets                                                                                      $    85,555 $          78,173 $         71,171            9.4 %      20.2 %
                              Consists of:
                               Mutual funds                                                                                      $    70,222 $          64,812 $         62,488            8.3 %      12.4 %
                               ETFs                                                                                                   15,333            13,361            8,683           14.8        76.6
                               Investment funds(3)                                                                               $    85,555 $          78,173 $         71,171            9.4 %      20.2 %
                              Daily average investment fund assets                                                               $ 82,641 $             79,498 $         68,365            4.0 %      20.9 %

                              Six months ended                                                                                                                            2026           2025
                              ($ millions)                                                                                                                              Jun. 30        Jun. 30     Change
                              Sales                                                                                                                                 $      7,316 $      4,741         54.3 %
                              Redemptions                                                                                                                                  7,998        5,807         37.7
                              Mutual fund net sales (redemptions)                                                                                                           (682)       (1,066)       36.0
                              ETF net creations                                                                                                                            1,774         1,168        51.9
                              Investment fund net sales (redemptions)(2)(3)(4)                                                                                             1,092          102        N/M
                              Investment returns                                                                                                                           6,330        2,376       166.4
                              Net change in assets                                                                                                                        7,422         2,478       199.5
                              Beginning assets                                                                                                                           78,133        68,693        13.7
                              Ending assets                                                                                                                         $    85,555 $      71,171         20.2 %
                              Daily average investment fund assets                                                                                                  $    81,078 $      68,997         17.5 %
                              (1) Investment fund AUM and net sales exclude investments into Mackenzie mutual funds and ETFs by IGM Financial’s investment funds.
                              (2) Total investment fund net sales and AUM exclude Mackenzie mutual fund investments in ETFs.
                              (3) Mackenzie investment fund products sold through IG Wealth Management are included in Sub-advisory and AUM to Wealth Management.
                              (4) In the first quarter of 2025, an institutional investor which includes Mackenzie mutual funds in its product offerings made fund allocation changes resulting in
                                  redemptions of $144 million.




                              months ended June 30, 2026 were $3.6 billion compared                                        As at June 30, 2026, Mackenzie’s sub-advisory to Canada
                              to net sales of $3.3 billion in 2025. During the six month                                   Life were $61.3 billion, compared to $54.0 billion at
                              period, investment returns resulted in assets increasing                                     June 30, 2025.




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                              by $9.3 billion compared to an increase of $2.8 billion                                      As at June 30, 2026, Mackenzie’s sub-advisory and AUM
                              last year.                                                                                   to the Wealth Management segment were $102.1 billion
                              Mackenzie onboarded institutional mandates of                                                or 66.8% of Wealth Management AUM excluding
                              $1.2 billion and $3.6 billion in the first quarter of 2026 and                               strategic investments, compared to $87.4 billion or
                              2025, respectively. Excluding these transactions and the                                     67.4% of Wealth Management AUM excluding strategic
                              transactions that occurred in the second quarter, as well as                                 investments at June 30, 2025.
                              the mutual fund allocation change described above, net
                                                                                                                           Change in AUM – Q2 2026 vs. Q1 2026
                              sales were $1.2 billion in the six months ended June 30,
                              2026 compared to net sales of $184 million last year.                                        Mackenzie’s total AUM at June 30, 2026 were
                                                                                                                           $268.8 billion, an increase of 9.3% from $246.0 billion




                              34 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2026 SECOND QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                   C  32                                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
at March 31, 2026. Third party AUM were $166.7 billion,                                quarterly redemption rate for long-term mutual funds for
an increase of 10.2% from $151.3 billion at March 31, 2026.                            the current quarter was 21.5%, compared to 26.3% in the
Investment fund AUM were $85.6 billion at June 30,                                     first quarter.
2026, an increase of 9.4% from $78.2 billion at March 31,                              For the quarter ended June 30, 2026, Mackenzie ETF net
2026. Mackenzie’s mutual fund AUM were $70.2 billion at                                creations were $789 million, compared to $985 million in
June 30, 2026, an increase of 8.3% from $64.8 billion at                               the first quarter.
March 31, 2026. Mackenzie’s ETF assets were $15.3 billion                              Investment fund net sales in the current quarter were
at June 30, 2026, compared to $13.4 billion at March 31,                               $363 million, compared to net sales of $729 million in the
2026. ETF assets inclusive of IGM Financial’s managed                                  first quarter.
products were $29.9 billion at June 30, 2026, compared
to $26.2 billion at March 31, 2026.                                                    As at June 30, 2026, Mackenzie’s sub-advisory to Canada
                                                                                       Life were $61.3 billion, compared to $57.7 billion at
For the quarter ended June 30, 2026, Mackenzie                                         March 31, 2026.
mutual fund gross sales were $3.3 billion, a decrease
of 19.9% from the first quarter of 2026. Mutual fund                                   As at June 30, 2026, Mackenzie’s sub-advisory and AUM
redemptions were $3.7 billion, a decrease of 14.8% from                                to the Wealth Management segment were $102.1 billion
the first quarter of 2026. Net redemptions of Mackenzie                                or 66.8% of Wealth Management AUM excluding
mutual funds for the current quarter were $426 million,                                strategic investments, compared to $94.6 billion or
compared to net redemptions of $256 million in the                                     67.3% of Wealth Management AUM excluding strategic
previous quarter.                                                                      investments at March 31, 2026.

Redemptions of long-term mutual fund assets in
the current quarter were $3.6 billion, compared to
$4.3 billion in the first quarter. Mackenzie’s annualized




                                                                                                                                                     PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.




                                         IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2026 SECOND QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                 35
                         P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                  C  33
                              Review of Segment Operating Results
                              The Asset Management segment’s adjusted net earnings                                      increase of 27.3% from the prior quarter. Adjusted
                              are presented in Table 16 and include the operations                                      earnings before interest and taxes for the six months
                              of Mackenzie Investments and earnings related to                                          ended June 30, 2026 were $190.5 million, an increase
                              strategic investments.                                                                    of 16.9% from 2025.

                              Mackenzie Investments                                                                     2026 vs. 2025
                              Mackenzie Investments’ adjusted net earnings are                                          Revenues
                              presented in Table 17. Adjusted net earnings for the                                      Net asset management fees – third party were
                              second quarter of 2026 were $75.3 million, an increase                                    $185.8 million for the three months ended June 30, 2026,
                              of 30.3% from the second quarter in 2025 and an                                           an increase of $18.5 million or 11.1% from $167.3 million
                              increase of 31.2% from the prior quarter. Adjusted net                                    last year. The increase in net asset management fees
                              earnings for the six months ended June 30, 2026 were                                      – third party was primarily due to a 20.9% increase in
                              $132.7 million, an increase of 20.2% from 2025.                                           average AUM, as shown in Table 14, partially offset
                                                                                                                        by a decrease in the net asset management fee rate.
                              Adjusted earnings before interest and taxes for the
                                                                                                                        Mackenzie’s net asset management fee rate was 46.5
                              second quarter of 2026 were $106.7 million, an increase
                                                                                                                        basis points for the three months ended June 30, 2026,
                              of 25.7% from the second quarter in 2025 and an
                                                                                                                        compared to 50.6 basis points in the comparative period


                              Table 16: Operating Results – Asset Management
                                                                                                                                                                                                Change
                              Three months ended                                                                                    2026            2026               2025          2026         2025
                              ($ millions)                                                                                        Jun. 30          Mar. 31           Jun. 30        Mar. 31     Jun. 30
                              Revenues
                               Asset management
                                Asset management fees – third party                                                           $      270.8 $          267.1 $           247.8           1.4 %       9.3 %
                                Redemption fees                                                                                        0.4              0.5               0.4         (20.0)          –
                                                                                                                                     271.2            267.6             248.2           1.3         9.3
                               Dealer compensation expenses
                                Asset-based compensation                                                                             (85.4)            (85.1)            (80.9)         0.4         5.6
                               Net asset management fees – third party                                                               185.8            182.5             167.3           1.8        11.1
                               Asset management fees – Wealth Management                                                              37.4             35.5              31.9           5.4        17.2
                               Net asset management                                                                                  223.2            218.0             199.2          2.4         12.0
                               Net investment income and other                                                                         9.7              1.8               5.0         N/M          94.0
                               Proportionate share of associates’ earnings                                                            51.6             42.1              39.0         22.6         32.3
                                                                                                                                    284.5             261.9             243.2           8.6        17.0
                              Expenses
                               Advisory and business development                                                                      25.9             27.0               21.4         (4.1)      21.0




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                               Operations and support                                                                                 95.2            105.0               95.3         (9.3)      (0.1)
                               Sub-advisory                                                                                            5.8              4.7                2.9         23.4      100.0
                                                                                                                                     126.9            136.7             119.6          (7.2)        6.1
                              Adjusted earnings before interest and taxes(1)                                                         157.6            125.2             123.6          25.9        27.5
                              Interest expense                                                                                         6.7              6.4               6.4           4.7         4.7
                              Adjusted earnings before income taxes(1)                                                               150.9            118.8             117.2          27.0        28.8
                              Income taxes                                                                                            29.0             23.2              23.6          25.0        22.9
                              Adjusted net earnings(1)                                                                               121.9              95.6              93.6         27.5        30.2
                              Non-controlling interest                                                                                 1.5               1.5               1.9            –       (21.1)
                              Adjusted net earnings available to common shareholders(1)                                       $      120.4 $            94.1 $            91.7         27.9 %      31.3 %
                              (1) A non-IFRS financial measure – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures section of this document.


                              36 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2026 SECOND QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                   C  34                                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
Table 16: Operating Results – Asset Management (continued)
Six months ended                                                                                                                      2026        2025
($ millions)                                                                                                                        Jun. 30     Jun. 30    Change
Revenues
 Asset management
  Asset management fees – third party                                                                                           $     537.9 $    499.9         7.6 %
  Redemption fees                                                                                                                       0.9        0.9           –
                                                                                                                                     538.8       500.8         7.6
 Dealer compensation expenses
  Asset-based compensation                                                                                                           (170.5)     (164.6)       3.6
 Net asset management fees – third party                                                                                             368.3       336.2        9.5
 Asset management fees – Wealth Management                                                                                            72.9        63.7       14.4
 Net asset management                                                                                                                441.2       399.9       10.3
 Net investment income and other                                                                                                      11.5         6.5       76.9
 Proportionate share of associates’ earnings                                                                                          93.7        78.0       20.1
                                                                                                                                     546.4       484.4       12.8
Expenses
 Advisory and business development                                                                                                    52.9        47.6       11.1
 Operations and support                                                                                                              200.2       191.0        4.8
 Sub-advisory                                                                                                                         10.5         5.7       84.2
                                                                                                                                     263.6       244.3         7.9
Adjusted earnings before interest and taxes(1)                                                                                       282.8       240.1       17.8
Interest expense                                                                                                                      13.1        12.9        1.6
Adjusted earnings before income taxes(1)                                                                                             269.7       227.2       18.7
Income taxes                                                                                                                          52.2        45.4       15.0
Adjusted net earnings(1)                                                                                                              217.5      181.8        19.6
Non-controlling interest                                                                                                                3.0        3.6       (16.7)
Adjusted net earnings available to common shareholders(1)                                                                       $    214.5 $     178.2       20.4 %

(1) A non-IFRS financial measure – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures section of this document.




in 2025. The decrease in rate was driven by a change in                                       in rate was driven by a change in the composition of
the composition of AUM, including the impact of having                                        AUM, including the impact of having a greater share
a greater share in non-retail priced products, including                                      in non-retail priced products, including $6.4 billion of
$6.4 billion of non-retail flows over the past year and                                       non-retail flows over the past year and the previously
the previously announced reduction in administration                                          announced reduction in administration and management
and management fees effective April 1, 2026 on                                                fees effective April 1, 2026 on bundled-purchase options
bundled-purchase options for households with less                                             for households with less than $100,000 in assets held with
than $100,000 in assets held with Mackenzie on select                                         Mackenzie on select Mackenzie mutual funds.
Mackenzie mutual funds.




                                                                                                                                                                        PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                                                                              Asset management fees – Wealth Management were
Net asset management fees – third party were                                                  $37.4 million for the three months ended June 30, 2026,
$368.3 million for the six months ended June 30, 2026,                                        an increase of $5.5 million or 17.2% from $31.9 million
an increase of $32.1 million or 9.5% from $336.2 million                                      last year. The increase in management fees was primarily
last year. The increase in net asset management fees –                                        due to an increase of 15.9% in average AUM. Mackenzie’s
third party was primarily due to an 18.7% increase in                                         management fee rate was 15.2 basis points for the three
average AUM, as shown in Table 14, offset by a decrease                                       months ended June 30, 2026, compared to 15.0 basis
in the net management fee rate. Mackenzie’s net asset                                         points in the comparative period in 2025.
management fee rate was 47.2 basis points for the six                                         Asset management fees – Wealth Management were
months ended June 30, 2026, compared to 51.2 basis                                            $72.9 million for the six months ended June 30, 2026,
points in the comparative period in 2025. The decrease                                        an increase of $9.2 million or 14.4% from $63.7 million


                                                IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2026 SECOND QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                             37
                                P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                              C  35
                              Table 17: Operating Results – Mackenzie Investments
                                                                                                                                                                                                Change
                              Three months ended                                                                                    2026            2026               2025          2026         2025
                              ($ millions)                                                                                        Jun. 30          Mar. 31           Jun. 30        Mar. 31     Jun. 30
                              Revenues
                               Asset management
                                Asset management fees – third party                                                           $      270.8 $          267.1 $           247.8           1.4 %       9.3 %
                                Redemption fees                                                                                        0.4              0.5               0.4         (20.0)          –
                                                                                                                                     271.2            267.6             248.2           1.3         9.3
                               Dealer compensation expenses
                                Asset-based compensation                                                                             (85.4)            (85.1)            (80.9)         0.4         5.6
                               Net asset management fees – third party                                                               185.8            182.5             167.3           1.8        11.1
                               Asset management fees – Wealth Management                                                              37.4             35.5              31.9           5.4        17.2
                               Net asset management                                                                                  223.2            218.0             199.2          2.4         12.0
                               Net investment income and other                                                                         9.7              1.8               5.0         N/M          94.0
                                                                                                                                     232.9            219.8             204.2           6.0        14.1
                              Expenses
                               Advisory and business development                                                                      25.9             27.0               21.4         (4.1)      21.0
                               Operations and support                                                                                 94.5            104.3               95.0         (9.4)      (0.5)
                               Sub-advisory                                                                                            5.8              4.7                2.9         23.4      100.0
                                                                                                                                     126.2            136.0             119.3          (7.2)        5.8
                              Adjusted earnings before interest and taxes(1)                                                         106.7              83.8              84.9         27.3        25.7
                              Interest expense                                                                                         6.7               6.4               6.4          4.7         4.7
                              Adjusted earnings before income taxes(1)                                                              100.0               77.4              78.5         29.2        27.4
                              Income taxes                                                                                           24.7               20.0              20.7         23.5        19.3
                              Adjusted net earnings(1)                                                                        $        75.3 $           57.4 $            57.8         31.2 %      30.3 %

                              Six months ended                                                                                                                         2026           2025
                              ($ millions)                                                                                                                           Jun. 30        Jun. 30     Change
                              Revenues
                               Asset management
                                Asset management fees – third party                                                                                              $       537.9 $     499.9          7.6 %
                                Redemption fees                                                                                                                            0.9         0.9            –
                                                                                                                                                                        538.8        500.8          7.6
                               Dealer compensation expenses
                                Asset-based compensation                                                                                                               (170.5)       (164.6)        3.6
                               Net asset management fees – third party                                                                                                  368.3        336.2          9.5
                               Asset management fees – Wealth Management                                                                                                 72.9         63.7         14.4
                               Net asset management                                                                                                                     441.2        399.9         10.3
                               Net investment income and other                                                                                                           11.5          6.5         76.9
                                                                                                                                                                        452.7        406.4         11.4




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                              Expenses
                               Advisory and business development                                                                                                         52.9         47.6         11.1
                               Operations and support                                                                                                                   198.8        190.1          4.6
                               Sub-advisory                                                                                                                              10.5          5.7         84.2
                                                                                                                                                                        262.2        243.4          7.7
                              Adjusted earnings before interest and taxes          (1)
                                                                                                                                                                        190.5        163.0         16.9
                              Interest expense                                                                                                                           13.1         12.9          1.6
                              Adjusted earnings before income taxes(1)                                                                                                   177.4       150.1         18.2
                              Income taxes                                                                                                                                44.7        39.7         12.6
                              Adjusted net earnings(1)                                                                                                           $      132.7 $      110.4         20.2 %
                              (1) A non-IFRS financial measure – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures section of this document.


                              38    IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2026 SECOND QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


                                   C  36                                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
last year. The increase in management fees was due                                    and six month periods resulted from the impact of the
to an increase of 13.9% in average AUM. Mackenzie’s                                   issuance of $400 million debentures on June 2, 2026.
management fee rate was 15.1 basis points for the six                                 Long-term debt interest expense is calculated based
months ended June 30, 2026, unchanged from the                                        on an allocation of IGM Financial’s long-term debt to
comparative period in 2025.                                                           Mackenzie of $530 million at June 30, 2026.
Net investment income and other primarily includes
investment returns related to Mackenzie’s investments
                                                                                      Q2 2026 vs. Q1 2026
in proprietary funds. These investments are generally                                 Revenues
made in the process of launching a fund and are sold as                               Net asset management fees – third party were
third party investors subscribe. Net investment income                                $185.8 million for the current quarter, an increase of
and other was $9.7 million for the three months ended                                 $3.3 million or 1.8% from $182.5 million in the first quarter
June 30, 2026 compared to $5.0 million last year, and                                 of 2026. Factors contributing to the net increase were:
was $11.5 million for the six months ended June 30, 2026                              • Average AUM were $160.4 billion in the current
compared to $6.5 million last year.                                                     quarter, an increase of 4.8% from the prior quarter.
Expenses                                                                              • There was one additional calendar day in the second
                                                                                        quarter of 2026 compared to the first quarter of 2026,
Mackenzie incurs advisory and business development
                                                                                        which resulted in an increase of management fees of
expenses that primarily include wholesale distribution
                                                                                        $3.0 million.
activities and these costs vary directly with assets or
sales levels. Advisory and business development                                       • Net asset management fee rate was 46.5 basis points
expenses were $25.9 million for the three months ended                                  for the current quarter compared to 48.3 basis points
June 30, 2026, an increase of $4.5 million or 21.0%                                     in the first quarter.
from $21.4 million in 2025. Expenses for the six months                               Asset management fees – Wealth Management were
ended June 30, 2026 were $52.9 million, an increase of                                $37.4 million, an increase of 5.4% from $35.5 million in the
$5.3 million or 11.1% from $47.6 million last year.                                   first quarter. Factors contributing to the net increase were:
Operations and support includes costs associated with                                 • Average AUM were $98.8 billion in the current quarter,
business operations, including technology and business                                   an increase of 3.9% from the prior quarter.
processes, in-house investment management and                                         • Asset management fee rate was 15.2 basis points for
product shelf management, corporate management                                           the current quarter, unchanged from the first quarter.
and support functions. These expenses primarily reflect
                                                                                      Net investment income and other was $9.7 million for
compensation, technology and other service provider
                                                                                      the current quarter, compared to $1.8 million in the
expenses. Operations and support expenses were
                                                                                      first quarter.
$94.5 million for the three months ended June 30, 2026,
a decrease of $0.5 million or 0.5% from $95.0 million in                              Expenses
2025. Expenses for the six months ended June 30, 2026                                 Advisory and business development expenses were
were $198.8 million, an increase of $8.7 million or 4.6%                              $25.9 million for the current quarter, compared to
from $190.1 million last year.                                                        $27.0 million in the first quarter.
Sub-advisory expenses were $5.8 million for the three                                 Operations and support expenses were $94.5 million
months ended June 30, 2026, compared to $2.9 million in                               for the current quarter, compared to $104.3 million in




                                                                                                                                                      PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
2025. Expenses for the six months ended June 30, 2026                                 the first quarter.
were $10.5 million, compared to $5.7 million last year.
                                                                                      Sub-advisory expenses were $5.8 million for the current
Interest Expense                                                                      quarter, compared to $4.7 million in the first quarter.
Interest expense, which includes allocated interest
expense on long-term debt and interest expense on                                     Asset Management Strategic Investments
leases, totalled $6.7 million in the second quarter of                                Asset Management strategic investment’s adjusted
2026, compared to $6.4 million in the comparative                                     net earnings are presented within Table 18. Adjusted
period in 2025. Interest expense for the six month                                    net earnings for the second quarter of 2026 were
period was $13.1 million compared to $12.9 million                                    $45.1 million, compared to $33.9 million in 2025 and
in 2025. The change in interest expense for the three                                 $36.7 million in the prior quarter. Adjusted net earnings


                                        IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2026 SECOND QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                   39
                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                    C  37
                              Table 18: Operating Results – Asset Management Strategic Investments
                                                                                                                                                                                                Change
                              Three months ended                                                                                    2026            2026               2025          2026         2025
                              ($ millions)                                                                                        Jun. 30          Mar. 31           Jun. 30        Mar. 31     Jun. 30
                              Revenues
                               Proportionate share of associates’ earnings
                                ChinaAMC                                                                                      $        43.9 $           34.6 $            29.7         26.9 %      47.8 %
                                Northleaf                                                                                               7.7              7.5               9.3          2.7       (17.2)
                                                                                                                                      51.6              42.1              39.0         22.6        32.3
                              Expenses
                               Operations and support                                                                                   0.7               0.7               0.3          –       133.3
                              Adjusted earnings before income taxes           (1)
                                                                                                                                      50.9              41.4              38.7         22.9        31.5
                              Income taxes                                                                                             4.3               3.2               2.9         34.4        48.3
                              Adjusted net earnings(1)                                                                                46.6              38.2              35.8         22.0        30.2
                              Non-controlling interest                                                                                 1.5               1.5               1.9            –       (21.1)
                              Adjusted net earnings available to common shareholders(1)                                       $       45.1 $            36.7 $            33.9         22.9 %      33.0 %

                              Six months ended                                                                                                                         2026           2025
                              ($ millions)                                                                                                                           Jun. 30        Jun. 30     Change
                              Revenues
                               Proportionate share of associates’ earnings
                                ChinaAMC                                                                                                                         $        78.5 $       60.3        30.2 %
                                Northleaf                                                                                                                                 15.2         17.7       (14.1)
                                                                                                                                                                          93.7         78.0        20.1
                              Expenses
                               Operations and support                                                                                                                       1.4         0.9        55.6
                              Adjusted earnings before income taxes(1)                                                                                                    92.3         77.1        19.7
                              Income taxes                                                                                                                                 7.5          5.7        31.6
                              Adjusted net earnings(1)                                                                                                                    84.8         71.4        18.8
                              Non-controlling interest                                                                                                                     3.0          3.6       (16.7)
                              Adjusted net earnings available to common shareholders(1)                                                                          $        81.8 $       67.8        20.6 %
                              (1) A non-IFRS financial measure – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures section of this document.




                              for the six months were $81.8 million, compared to                                        The Company’s share of Northleaf’s earnings were
                              $67.8 million in 2025.                                                                    $7.7 million in the second quarter of 2026, compared
                              The proportionate share of associates’ earnings consists                                  to $9.3 million in the comparable period in 2025, and
                              of equity earnings from ChinaAMC and Northleaf.                                           were $15.2 million in the six month period of 2026,
                                                                                                                        compared to $17.7 million in 2025. This is offset by
                              The Company’s share of ChinaAMC’s earnings were                                           non-controlling interest as reflected in the table.
                              $43.9 million in the second quarter of 2026, compared to




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                              $29.7 million in the comparable period in 2025, and were
                              $78.5 million in the six month period of 2026, compared
                              to $60.3 million in 2025.




                              40 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2026 SECOND QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                   C  38                                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
Corporate and Other
Review of Segment Operating Results
The Corporate and Other segment includes the                                                 second quarter of 2026 compared to the second
Company’s investments in Great West and Portage                                              quarter of 2025, and were $61.6 million for the six month
Ventures LPs (Portage), and unallocated capital.                                             period of 2026, compared to $52.0 million in 2025. The
Adjusted earnings from the Corporate and Other                                               proportionate share of Great West’s net earnings was
segment include the Company’s proportionate share                                            $24.8 million in the second quarter of 2026, an increase
of Great West’s base earnings, an alternate measure                                          of $3.3 million compared to the second quarter of
Great West uses to understand the underlying                                                 2025, and were $54.6 million for the six month period
business performance compared to IFRS net earnings.                                          of 2026, an increase of $12.6 million compared to last
Great West’s financial information can be obtained                                           year. These earnings reflect the proportionate share of
in its disclosure materials filed on www.sedarplus.ca.                                       equity earnings from Great West, as discussed in the
Net investment income on unallocated capital and                                             Consolidated Financial Position section of this MD&A.
consolidation elimination entries are also included in                                       Net investment income and other was $5.9 million in
this segment.                                                                                the second quarter of 2026, an increase of $1.4 million
In addition to Great West and other investments held                                         from $4.5 million in 2025. For the six month period,
by the Company, the Corporate and Other segment                                              net investment income and other was $11.6 million,
includes unallocated capital which totalled $935.2 million                                   an increase of $2.9 million from $8.7 million in 2025.
at June 30, 2026, compared to $996.5 million at
December 31, 2025, as detailed in Table 19.
                                                                                             Q2 2026 vs. Q1 2026
                                                                                             The proportionate share of Great West’s base earnings
Corporate and Other segment adjusted net earnings
                                                                                             was $31.3 million in the second quarter of 2026, an
are presented in Table 20.
                                                                                             increase of $1.0 million from the first quarter of 2026.
2026 vs. 2025                                                                                The proportionate share of Great West’s net earnings
                                                                                             was $24.8 million, a decrease of $5.0 million from the
The proportionate share of Great West’s base earnings                                        first quarter of 2026.
was $31.3 million, an increase of $3.8 million in the




                                                                                                                                                              PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
Table 19: Total Assets – Corporate and Other
                                                                                                                                         2026       2025
($ millions)                                                                                                                           Jun. 30    Dec. 31
Investments in associate
 Great West                                                                                                                        $    669.1 $      670.0
FVTOCI investments
 Portage and other investments(1)                                                                                                       157.7       139.1
Unallocated capital                                                                                                                     935.2       996.5
Total assets                                                                                                                       $ 1,762.0 $ 1,805.6
Great West fair value                                                                                                              $ 2,000.3 $ 1,498.2
(1) The Company’s indirect interest in Wealthsimple held through Portage has been reallocated to the Wealth Management segment.


                                               IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2026 SECOND QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                    41
                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                     C  39
                              Table 20: Operating Results – Corporate and Other
                                                                                                                                                                                                Change
                              Three months ended                                                                                    2026            2026               2025          2026         2025
                              ($ millions)                                                                                        Jun. 30          Mar. 31           Jun. 30        Mar. 31     Jun. 30
                              Revenues
                               Wealth Management                                                                              $        (5.7) $           (5.0) $           (3.6)      (14.0)%     (58.3)%
                               Asset management                                                                                      (28.6)            (27.6)            (26.3)        (3.6)       (8.7)
                               Dealer compensation expense                                                                            (2.2)              (2.0)             (1.4)       10.0        57.1
                               Net asset management                                                                                  (30.8)            (29.6)            (27.7)        (4.1)      (11.2)
                               Net investment income and other                                                                         5.9               5.7               4.5          3.5        31.1
                               Proportionate share of Great West’s base earnings                                                      31.3              30.3              27.5          3.3        13.8
                                                                                                                                        0.7               1.4               0.7       (50.0)          –
                              Expenses
                               Operations and support                                                                                  0.6               0.5               0.9         20.0       (33.3)
                               Sub-advisory                                                                                          (36.5)            (34.7)            (31.3)        (5.2)      (16.6)
                                                                                                                                      (35.9)           (34.2)            (30.4)        (5.0)      (18.1)
                              Adjusted earnings before income taxes           (1)
                                                                                                                                      36.6              35.6              31.1          2.8        17.7
                              Income taxes                                                                                             1.4               1.5               0.9         (6.7)       55.6
                              Adjusted net earnings(1)                                                                        $       35.2 $            34.1 $            30.2          3.2 %      16.6 %

                              Six months ended                                                                                                                         2026           2025
                              ($ millions)                                                                                                                           Jun. 30        Jun. 30     Change
                              Revenues
                               Wealth Management                                                                                                                 $       (10.7) $      (6.9)      (55.1)%
                               Asset management                                                                                                                          (56.2)       (52.8)       (6.4)
                               Dealer compensation expense                                                                                                                 (4.2)        (2.8)      50.0
                               Net asset management                                                                                                                      (60.4)       (55.6)       (8.6)
                               Net investment income and other                                                                                                            11.6          8.7        33.3
                               Proportionate share of Great West’s base earnings                                                                                          61.6         52.0        18.5
                                                                                                                                                                            2.1        (1.8)      N/M
                              Expenses
                               Operations and support                                                                                                                      1.1          1.7       (35.3)
                               Sub-advisory                                                                                                                              (71.2)       (62.5)      (13.9)
                                                                                                                                                                         (70.1)       (60.8)      (15.3)
                              Adjusted earnings before income taxes(1)                                                                                                    72.2         59.0        22.4
                              Income taxes                                                                                                                                 2.9          1.8        61.1
                              Adjusted net earnings(1)                                                                                                           $        69.3 $       57.2        21.2 %
                              (1) A non-IFRS financial measure – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures section of this document.




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.




                              42 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2026 SECOND QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                   C  40                                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
IGM Financial Inc.
Consolidated Financial Position
IGM Financial’s total assets were $21.8 billion at June 30,                              using the treasury method which includes options that
2026, compared to $22.4 billion at December 31, 2025.                                    are in the money and assumes option proceeds are used
                                                                                         to repurchase shares. The Company holds a 22.2% fully
Other Investments                                                                        diluted economic interest (December 31, 2025 – 22.3%).
The composition of the Company’s securities holdings                                     At June 30, 2026, the Company increased the fair
is detailed in Table 21.                                                                 value of its investment in Wealthsimple, net of certain
                                                                                         partnership costs, to $2,592 million (December 31, 2025
Fair Value Through Other Comprehensive Income                                            – $2,258 million). The increase in fair value considers
(FVTOCI)                                                                                 public market peer valuations, Wealthsimple’s business
                                                                                         performance and revenue expectations, as well as
Gains and losses on FVTOCI investments are recorded
                                                                                         transactions which closed in the fourth quarter of 2025.
in Other comprehensive income.
                                                                                         Fair value is determined by using observable transactions
Corporate Investments                                                                    in the investments’ securities where available, discounted
Corporate investments is primarily comprised of the                                      cash flows, and other valuation metrics, including
Company’s investments in Wealthsimple and Portage                                        revenue multiples used in the valuation of comparable
and are recorded at FVTOCI.                                                              public companies.
The total fair value of Corporate investments                                            Wealthsimple’s total assets under administration were
was $2,766 million at June 30, 2026, compared                                            $155.6 billion at June 30, 2026, representing an increase of
to $2,413 million at December 31, 2025, and is                                           39.8% from $111.3 billion at December 31, 2025. Net flows
presented net of certain costs incurred within the                                       were approximately $17 billion for the quarter ended
limited partnership structures holding the underlying                                    June 30, 2026.
investments.
                                                                                         Fair Value Through Profit or Loss (FVTPL)
Wealthsimple Financial Corp.
                                                                                         Securities classified as FVTPL include equity securities
Wealthsimple is a financial company that provides simple
                                                                                         and proprietary investment funds. Gains and losses are
digital tools for growing and managing client money. The
                                                                                         recorded in Net investment income and other in the
Company’s investment in Wealthsimple is primarily held
                                                                                         Consolidated Statements of Earnings.
through a limited partnership controlled by Power and
economic interest is presented net of certain partnership                                Certain proprietary investment funds are consolidated
costs. The investment is classified at FVTOCI.                                           where the Company has made the assessment that it
                                                                                         controls the investment fund. The underlying securities
IGM Financial Inc. holds a 25.1% economic interest in
                                                                                         of these funds are classified as FVTPL.
Wealthsimple (December 31, 2025 – 25.5%) calculated




                                                                                                                                                                         PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
Table 21: Other Investments
                                                                                                                              June 30, 2026       December 31, 2025
                                                                                                                                       Fair                      Fair
($ millions)                                                                                                                Cost     Value           Cost      Value
Fair value through other comprehensive income
 Corporate investments                                                                                            $        404.2 $ 2,765.9    $     403.3 $ 2,412.9
Fair value through profit or loss
 Proprietary investment funds                                                                                              138.4     145.1          107.7      109.2
                                                                                                                  $        542.6 $ 2,911.0    $     511.0 $ 2,522.1


                                           IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2026 SECOND QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                                   43
                           P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                                    C  41
                              Table 22: Loans
                                                                                                                                                                              2026        2025
                              ($ millions)                                                                                                                                  Jun. 30     Dec. 31
                              Amortized cost                                                                                                                            $   5,166.2 $   5,262.8
                              Allowance for expected credit losses                                                                                                             (0.6)       (0.7)
                                                                                                                                                                            5,165.6     5,262.1
                              Fair value through profit or loss                                                                                                                17.7           –
                                                                                                                                                                        $   5,183.3 $   5,262.1




                              Loans                                                                         Investment in Associates
                              The composition of the Company’s loans is detailed in                         The Company uses the equity method to account for
                              Table 22.                                                                     its investments in associates, which include Great-West
                              Loans consisted of residential mortgages, which include                       Lifeco Inc. (Great West), China Asset Management Co.,
                              HELOCs, and represented 23.8% of total assets at                              Ltd. (ChinaAMC), Rockefeller Capital Management
                              June 30, 2026, compared to 23.5% at December 31, 2025.                        (Rockefeller), and Northleaf Capital Group Ltd.
                                                                                                            (Northleaf), as it exercises significant influence. Changes
                              Loans measured at amortized cost are primarily                                in the carrying values for the three and six months ended
                              comprised of residential mortgages sold to securitization                     June 30, 2026 compared to 2025 are shown in Table 23.
                              programs sponsored by third parties that in turn issue
                              securities to investors. An offsetting liability, Obligations                 Great-West Lifeco Inc.
                              to securitization entities, has been recorded and totalled
                              $4.7 billion at June 30, 2026, compared to $4.8 billion at                    At June 30, 2026, the Company held a 2.5% equity
                              December 31, 2025.                                                            interest in Great West. IGM Financial and Great West
                                                                                                            are controlled by Power.
                              The Company holds loans pending sale or securitization.
                              Loans measured at FVTPL are residential mortgages                             China Asset Management Co., Ltd.
                              held temporarily by the Company pending sale. Loans
                                                                                                            At June 30, 2026, the Company held a 27.8%
                              held for securitization are carried at amortized cost.
                                                                                                            equity interest in ChinaAMC. The change in Other
                              Total loans being held pending sale or securitization
                                                                                                            comprehensive income of positive $73.7 million in
                              are $523.7 million at June 30, 2026, compared to
                                                                                                            the three months ended June 30, 2026, was due to a
                              $492.9 million at December 31, 2025.
                                                                                                            6.1% appreciation of the Chinese yuan relative to the
                              Residential mortgages originated by IG Wealth                                 Canadian dollar.
                              Management are funded primarily through sales to
                                                                                                            ChinaAMC’s total assets under management, excluding
                              third parties on a fully serviced basis, including Canada
                                                                                                            subsidiary assets under management, were RMB¥
                              Mortgage and Housing Corporation (CMHC) or Canadian
                                                                                                            2,908.0 billion ($607.8 billion) at June 30, 2026,
                              bank sponsored securitization programs. At June 30,
                                                                                                            representing a decrease of 3.5% (CAD increase of 2.8%)
                              2026, IG Wealth Management serviced $6.7 billion of
                                                                                                            from RMB¥ 3,014.5 billion ($591.4 billion) at December 31,
                              residential mortgages.
                                                                                                            2025. Investment fund net flows, which exclude subsidiary




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                                                                                            and institutional assets under management, were RMB¥
                              Securitization Arrangements                                                   (145.2) billion and RMB¥ (329.4) billion for the three and six
                              In the second quarter of 2026, the Company securitized                        month periods ended June 30, 2026 (net flows obtained
                              loans through its mortgage banking operations with cash                       from Wind Information Co., Ltd.).
                              proceeds of $427.5 million, compared to $357.1 million
                              in 2025. Additional information related to the Company’s                      Rockefeller Capital Management
                              securitization activities, including the Company’s hedges                     At June 30, 2026, the Company held a 17.2%
                              of related reinvestment and interest rate risk, can be                        equity interest in Rockefeller. The change in Other
                              found in the Financial Risk section of this MD&A and in                       comprehensive income of positive $7.6 million in
                              Note 7 to the Interim Financial Statements.                                   the three months ended June 30, 2026, was due to



                              44 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2026 SECOND QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                   C  42                                P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
Table 23: Investment in Associates
                                                                                        June 30, 2026                                                                       June 30, 2025
($ millions)              Great West ChinaAMC Rockefeller Northleaf                 Other          Total    Great West ChinaAMC Rockefeller Northleaf                    Other       Total
Three months ended
Carrying value, April 1   $   670.3    $ 2,113.6    $   487.2     $   479.4     $     49.0    $ 3,799.5      $    656.8     $ 2,003.0      $   897.7    $   369.6    $    60.0   $ 3,987.1
 Additions                       –             –             –             –             –             –               –             –            –          50.0           –         50.0
 Dispositions                    –             –             –             –          (2.2)         (2.2)              –             –            –            –            –           –
 Dividends                    (14.8)           –             –         (56.7)            –         (71.5)          (13.5)            –            –            –            –        (13.5)
 Proportionate
 share of:
   Earnings
   (losses)(1)(2)              24.8         43.9          (0.6)          7.7          (0.2)         75.6            21.5          29.7          (0.7)         9.3          0.3        60.1
   Other
   comprehensive
   income (loss) and
   other adjustments          (11.2)        73.7           7.6             –             –          70.1             1.7          (80.8)       (46.0)          –            –       (125.1)
Carrying value,
June 30                   $   669.1    $ 2,231.2    $   494.2     $   430.4     $    46.6     $ 3,871.5      $    666.5     $ 1,951.9      $   851.0    $   428.9    $    60.3   $ 3,958.6

Six months ended
Carrying value,
January 1                 $   670.0    $ 2,081.2    $   480.7     $   471.9     $     49.7    $ 3,753.5      $    633.5     $ 2,030.1      $   903.2    $   353.5    $    59.4   $ 3,979.7
 Additions                       –             –             –             –             –             –               –             –            –          61.0           –         61.0
 Dispositions                    –             –             –             –          (2.2)         (2.2)              –             –            –            –            –           –
 Dividends                    (29.6)       (61.5)            –         (56.7)            –        (147.8)          (27.0)         (66.0)          –            –            –        (93.0)
 Proportionate
 share of:
   Earnings
   (losses)(1)(2)              54.6         78.5          (2.4)        15.2           (0.9)       145.0             42.0          60.3          (5.0)        17.7          0.9      115.9
   Other
   comprehensive
   income (loss) and
   other adjustments          (25.9)      133.0          15.9              –             –        123.0             18.0          (72.5)       (47.2)        (3.3)          –       (105.0)
Carrying value,
June 30                   $   669.1    $ 2,231.2    $   494.2     $   430.4     $    46.6     $ 3,871.5      $    666.5     $ 1,951.9      $   851.0    $   428.9    $    60.3   $ 3,958.6

(1) The proportionate share of earnings from the Company’s investment in associates is recorded in either the Wealth Management, Asset Management or Corporate
    and Other segment. The proportionate share of Great West earnings includes Great West other items of ($6.5) million and ($7.0) million for the three and six month
    periods of 2026, respectively, compared to ($6.0) million and ($10.0) million for the same periods in 2025. The proportionate share of Rockefeller earnings includes
    other items of ($0.9) million for the three and six month periods of 2026 compared to nil for the same periods in 2025.
(2) The Company’s proportionate share of Northleaf’s earnings, net of non-controlling interest, was $6.2 million and $12.2 million for the three and six month periods of
    2026, respectively, compared to $7.4 million and $14.1 million for the same periods in 2025.




a 2.0% appreciation of the US dollar relative to the                                            As at June 30, 2026, the Company, through an acquisition
Canadian dollar.                                                                                vehicle owned 80% by Mackenzie and 20% by Great
Rockefeller’s client assets were USD $224.3 billion                                             West, held a 49.9% voting interest and a 70% economic
($318.5 billion) at June 30, 2026, representing an                                              interest (56% net of NCI) in Northleaf, which was
increase of 13.5% (CAD 17.4%) from USD $197.7 billion                                           accounted for using the equity method. As a result of a
($271.4 billion) at December 31, 2025.                                                          series of transactions subsequent to June 30, 2026, the




                                                                                                                                                                                              PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                                                                                Company’s voting interest was aligned with its economic
Northleaf Capital Group Ltd.                                                                    interest, and the Company will therefore consolidate
                                                                                                Northleaf beginning on July 1, 2026.
At June 30, 2026, the Company held a 49.9% voting
interest and a 56% economic interest in Northleaf, net                                          The transactions also increased the Company’s ownership
of Great West’s Non-controlling interest.                                                       in Northleaf, net of NCI, by 4.9% to 60.9% for cash
                                                                                                consideration of $43 million. These transactions were
During the second quarter of 2026, Northleaf declared                                           conducted at fair market value and will be accounted
and paid dividends of $56.7 million ($45.4 million net of                                       for as a business combination achieved in stages under
Non-controlling interest (NCI)), including a distribution of                                    IFRS 3, Business Combinations.
excess cash, in preparation for transactions that closed in
the third quarter of 2026.


                                                    IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2026 SECOND QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                                            45
                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                                              C  43
                              The Company will derecognize its existing interest                           has not yet been finalized and will be disclosed in the
                              in Northleaf, resulting in an accounting gain of                             reporting period in which the acquisition is recognized.
                              approximately $187 million, or $149 million net of NCI,                      As the transaction was completed after June 30, 2026, no
                              representing the difference between the fair value of                        amounts have been recognized in the current period in
                              its previously held interest of approximately $495 million                   respect of the acquisition.
                              and its carrying value of $345 million.
                                                                                                           Northleaf’s assets under management, including
                              The estimated acquisition date fair value of Northleaf,                      invested capital and uninvested commitments, were
                              which the Company will consolidate, is $884 million,                         $37.1 billion as at June 30, 2026, representing an
                              comprised of cash consideration of $43 million, the                          increase of $2.1 billion or 6.0% from $35.0 billion at
                              fair value of the existing investment of approximately                       December 31, 2025. The increase during the six month
                              $495 million, and non-controlling interests valued at                        period was driven by $1.3 billion in new commitments
                              approximately $346 million, representing a 39.1% interest                    and $1.0 billion related to foreign exchange on USD
                              in Northleaf. The purchase price allocation, including                       denominated assets, offset in part by a decrease of
                              the determination of the fair value of identifiable assets                   $0.2 billion related to return of capital and other.
                              acquired, liabilities assumed, and resulting goodwill,




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.




                              46 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2026 SECOND QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                   C  44                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
Consolidated Liquidity and Capital Resources
Liquidity                                                                                depreciation and amortization before sales commissions
                                                                                         (EBITDA before sales commissions), a non-IFRS measure
Cash and cash equivalents totalled $1,515.5 million
                                                                                         (see Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial
at June 30, 2026, compared to $1,274.2 million at
                                                                                         Measures), totalled $515.7 million for the second quarter
December 31, 2025 and $830.7 million at June 30, 2025.
                                                                                         of 2026, compared to $410.9 million for the second
Client funds on deposit represents cash balances held                                    quarter of 2025 and $455.0 million for the first quarter
by clients within their investment accounts and with the                                 of 2026. For the six months ended June 30, 2026,
offset included in Client deposits.                                                      EBITDA before sales commissions totalled $970.7 million
Working capital, which consists of current assets less                                   compared to $804.5 million for the comparative period
current liabilities, totalled $891.1 million at June 30, 2026,                           of 2025. EBITDA before sales commissions excludes
compared to $987.7 million at December 31, 2025 and                                      the impact of both commissions paid and commission
$656.5 million at June 30, 2025 (Table 24).                                              amortization (Table 1).
Working capital, which includes unallocated capital,                                     Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and
is utilized to:                                                                          amortization after sales commissions (EBITDA after
• Finance ongoing operations, including the funding                                      sales commissions), a non-IFRS measure (see Non-IFRS
   of sales commissions.                                                                 Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures),
                                                                                         totalled $480.5 million in the second quarter of 2026,
• Temporarily finance mortgages in its mortgage
                                                                                         compared to $383.5 million in the second quarter of
   banking operations.
                                                                                         2025 and $418.2 million in the first quarter of 2026.
• Pay interest related to long-term debt.                                                For the six months ended June 30, 2026, EBITDA after
• Maintain liquidity requirements for regulated entities.                                sales commissions totalled $898.7 million compared
• Pay quarterly dividends on its outstanding                                             to $742.9 million for the comparative period of 2025.
   common shares.                                                                        EBITDA after sales commissions excludes the impact of
• Finance common share repurchases and retirement                                        commission amortization (Table 1).
   of long-term debt.                                                                    Refer to the Financial Risk section of this MD&A for
• Capital investment in the business and business                                        information related to other sources of liquidity and to
   acquisitions.                                                                         the Company’s exposure to and management of liquidity
IGM Financial continues to generate significant cash                                     and funding risk.
flows from its operations. Earnings before interest, taxes,




Table 24: Working Capital
                                                                                                                                 2026       2025        2025
($ millions)                                                                                                                   Jun. 30    Dec. 31     Jun. 30
Current assets
 Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                 $ 1,515.5 $ 1,274.2 $   830.7




                                                                                                                                                                 PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
 Client funds on deposit                                                                                                     2,978.6   4,316.7   2,942.2
 Accounts receivable and other assets                                                                                          463.7     451.1     505.0
 Current portion of securitized mortgages and other                                                                          1,149.2   1,331.9   1,468.8
                                                                                                                               6,107.0    7,373.9     5,746.7
Current liabilities
 Accounts and other payables                                                                                                     861.3      801.4       787.2
 Client deposits                                                                                                               2,932.2    4,299.1     2,923.0
 Current portion of obligations to securitization entities and other                                                           1,022.4    1,285.7     1,380.0
 Current portion of long-term debt                                                                                               400.0          –           –
                                                                                                                               5,215.9    6,386.2     5,090.2
Working capital                                                                                                            $    891.1 $     987.7 $    656.5


                                           IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2026 SECOND QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                           47
                           P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                            C  45
                              Cash Flows                                                                     • An increase in obligations to securitization entities
                                                                                                               of $411.8 million and repayments of obligations
                              Table 25 – Cash Flows is a summary of the Consolidated
                                                                                                               to securitization entities of $500.0 million in 2026,
                              Statements of Cash Flows which forms part of the
                                                                                                               compared to an increase in obligations to securitization
                              Interim Financial Statements for the three and six month
                                                                                                               entities of $361.4 million and repayments of obligations
                              periods ended June 30, 2026. Cash and cash equivalents
                                                                                                               to securitization entities of $453.0 million in 2025.
                              increased by $365.2 million in the second quarter of
                              2026, compared to an increase of $58.5 million in 2025.                        • The issuance of debentures of $400.0 million in 2026.
                              For the six months ended June 30, 2026, cash and cash                          • The issuance of 820,134 common shares with proceeds
                              equivalents increased by $241.3 million, compared to a                           of $30.6 million in 2026, compared to 45,729 common
                              decrease of $79.6 million in 2025.                                               shares with proceeds of $1.7 million in 2025.
                              Adjustments to determine net cash from operating                               • The purchase of 2,631,800 common shares in 2026
                              activities during the three and six month periods of                             under IGM Financial’s normal course issuer bid at a cost
                              2026 compared to 2025 consist of non-cash operating                              of $200.4 million, compared to purchase of 804,400
                              activities offset by cash operating activities:                                  common shares at a cost of $34.9 million in 2025.
                              • Add-back of amortization of capitalized sales                                • The payment of regular common share dividends
                                commissions offset by the deduction of capitalized                             which totalled $144.7 million in 2026, compared to
                                sales commissions paid.                                                        $133.2 million in 2025.
                              • Add-back of amortization of capital, intangible and                          Financing activities during the six months ended June 30,
                                other assets.                                                                2026 compared to 2025 related to:
                              • Deduction of investment in associates’ equity earnings                       • An increase in obligations to securitization entities
                                offset by dividends received.                                                  of $792.6 million and repayments of obligations
                              • Add-back of pension and other post-employment                                  to securitization entities of $908.5 million in 2026
                                benefits offset by cash contributions.                                         compared to an increase in obligations to securitization
                                                                                                               entities of $646.7 million and repayments of obligations
                              • Add-back of a one-time adjustment in 2026 in respect
                                                                                                               to securitization entities of $737.9 million in 2025.
                                of a restructuring provision and other.
                                                                                                             • The issuance of debentures of $400.0 million in 2026.
                              • Add-back of the gain on partial sale of investment
                                in associates in 2026.                                                       • The issuance of 1,838,877 common shares with
                                                                                                               proceeds of $69.2 million in 2026, compared to 735,055
                              • Changes in operating assets and liabilities and other.
                                                                                                               common shares with proceeds of $28.7 million in 2025.
                              • Deduction of restructuring provision cash payments.
                                                                                                             • The purchase of 5,461,800 common shares in 2026
                              Financing activities during the second quarter of 2026                           under IGM Financial’s normal course issuer bid at a cost
                              compared to 2025 related to:                                                     of $385.8 million, compared to purchase of 2,559,100
                                                                                                               common shares at a cost of $113.6 million in 2025.


                              Table 25: Cash Flows
                                                                                                   Three months ended June 30                                     Six months ended June 30
                               ($ millions)                                                        2026              2025         Change                      2026        2025     Change




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                              Operating activities
                               Earnings before income taxes                                $       331.8 $          320.2                3.6 %        $      699.3 $      625.2       11.9 %
                               Income taxes paid                                                    (79.6)          (65.6)             (21.3)               (175.6)      (168.4)      (4.3)
                               Adjustments to determine net cash from
                               operating activities                                               154.7               30.9             N/M                     24.7      (101.2)     N/M
                                                                                                  406.9             285.5              42.5                  548.4        355.6       54.2
                              Financing activities                                                  (9.6)          (261.7)             96.3                 (321.8)      (452.8)      28.9
                              Investing activities                                                (32.1)             34.7              N/M                    14.7         17.6      (16.5)
                              Change in cash and cash equivalents                                 365.2              58.5              N/M                  241.3         (79.6)     N/M
                              Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period                    1,150.3             772.2              49.0               1,274.2         910.3      40.0
                              Cash and cash equivalents, end of period                     $ 1,515.5 $              830.7               82.4 %        $ 1,515.5 $         830.7       82.4 %


                              48 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2026 SECOND QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                   C  46                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
• The payment of regular common share dividends                                        • Proceeds from partial sale of investment in associates
  which totalled $277.0 million in 2026, compared to                                     of $12.1 million in 2026.
  $267.0 million in 2025.
Investing activities during the second quarter of 2026                                 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income
compared to 2025 primarily related to:                                                 Accumulated other comprehensive income totalled
• The purchases of other investments totalling                                         $2.3 billion at June 30, 2026, compared to $1.2 billion at
  $20.7 million and sales of other investments with                                    June 30, 2025, as detailed in Table 26.
  proceeds of $13.2 million in 2026, compared to                                       Other comprehensive income of $307.7 million related to
  $52.8 million and $41.0 million, respectively, in 2025.                              Other investments in 2026 is primarily due to a change in
• An increase in loans of $550.3 million with repayments                               fair value of Wealthsimple.
  of loans and other of $541.1 million in 2026, compared
                                                                                       Other comprehensive income for Investment in
  to $523.5 million and $602.2 million, respectively, in
                                                                                       associates in 2026 was primarily related to foreign
  2025 primarily related to residential mortgages in the
                                                                                       exchange translation.
  Company’s mortgage banking operations.
• Net cash used in additions to intangible assets
  and other was $17.8 million in 2026, compared to
                                                                                       Capital Resources
  $20.1 million in 2025.                                                               The Company’s capital management objective is to
• Proceeds from partial sale of investment in associates                               maximize shareholder returns while ensuring that the
  of $12.1 million in 2026.                                                            Company is capitalized in a manner which appropriately
                                                                                       supports regulatory capital requirements, working capital
Investing activities during the six months ended June 30,
                                                                                       needs and business expansion. The Company’s capital
2026 compared to 2025 related to:
                                                                                       management practices are focused on preserving the
• The purchases of other investments totalling                                         quality of its financial position by maintaining a solid
  $55.2 million and sales of other investments with                                    capital base and a strong balance sheet. Capital of the
  proceeds of $32.6 million in 2026 compared to                                        Company consists of long-term debt and shareholders’
  $68.6 million and $57.0 million, respectively, in 2025.                              equity which totalled $12.1 billion at June 30, 2026,
• An increase in loans of $974.5 million with repayments                               compared to $11.3 billion at December 31, 2025. The
  of loans and other of $1,046.7 million in 2026 compared                              Company regularly assesses its capital management
  to $913.2 million and $995.4 million, respectively, in                               practices in response to changing economic conditions.
  2025 primarily related to residential mortgages in the
                                                                                       The Company’s capital is primarily utilized in its
  Company’s mortgage banking operations.
                                                                                       ongoing business operations to support working
• Net cash used in additions to intangible assets was                                  capital requirements, long-term investments made by
  $29.6 million in 2026 compared to $33.1 million in 2025.                             the Company, business expansion and other strategic
                                                                                       objectives. Subsidiaries subject to regulatory capital


Table 26: Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
                                                                                                                                             Investment
                                                                                                                                                      in
                                                                                                           Employee                Other      Associates




                                                                                                                                                                        PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
($ millions)                                                                                                Benefits         Investments      and Other        Total
2026
Balance, January 1                                                                                     $            22.8 $       1,739.3 $         97.9 $ 1,860.0
 Other comprehensive income (loss)                                                                                  (6.1)          307.7          138.4     440.0
 Transfer out of FVTOCI                                                                                                –            (2.2)             –      (2.2)
Balance, June 30                                                                                       $            16.7 $      2,044.8 $         236.3 $ 2,297.8
2025
Balance, January 1                                                                                     $            34.1 $        917.3 $         118.7 $ 1,070.1
 Other comprehensive income (loss)                                                                                  12.7          243.1           (94.3)    161.5
 Transfer out of FVTOCI                                                                                                –          (18.9)              –     (18.9)
Balance, June 30                                                                                       $            46.8 $       1,141.5 $         24.4 $ 1,212.7


                                         IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2026 SECOND QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                                    49
                         P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                                     C  47
                              requirements include investment dealer, exempt market                        shares are to be purchased under the NCIB during
                              dealer, portfolio managers, investment fund managers                         certain pre-determined trading blackout periods,
                              and a trust company. These subsidiaries are required                         subject to pre-established parameters. Outside of these
                              to maintain minimum levels of capital based on either                        pre-determined trading blackout periods, purchases
                              working capital, liquidity or shareholders’ equity. The                      under the Company’s NCIB will be completed based
                              Company’s subsidiaries have complied with all regulatory                     upon management’s discretion.
                              capital requirements.                                                        Other activities in 2026 included the declaration of
                              The total outstanding long-term debt was $2.8 billion at                     common share dividends of $288.3 million or $1.24 per
                              June 30, 2026, compared to $2.4 billion at December 31,                      share. Changes in common share capital are reflected in
                              2025. Long-term debt is comprised of debentures which                        the Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity.
                              are senior unsecured debt obligations of the Company                         Standard & Poor’s (S&P) current rating on the Company’s
                              subject to standard covenants, including negative                            senior unsecured debentures is “A” with a stable outlook.
                              pledges, but which do not include any specified financial                    Morningstar DBRS current rating on the Company’s
                              or operational covenants. The increase in long-term                          senior unsecured debentures is “A (High)” with a stable
                              debt of $400.0 million resulted from the issuance on                         rating trend.
                              June 2, 2026 of $200.0 million principal amount 4.407%
                              debentures maturing June 2, 2036 and $200.0 million
                                                                                                           Financial Instruments
                              principal amount 5.002% debentures maturing June 2,
                              2056. The net proceeds were used by IGM Financial to                         Table 27 presents the carrying amounts and fair values of
                              fund the early redemption on July 2, 2026 of all of its                      financial assets and financial liabilities. The table excludes
                              outstanding $400.0 million aggregate principal amount                        fair value information for financial assets and financial
                              of 3.44% debentures due January 26, 2027.                                    liabilities not measured at fair value if the carrying
                                                                                                           amount is a reasonable approximation of fair value. These
                              The Company commenced a Normal Course Issuer
                                                                                                           items include cash and cash equivalents, client funds on
                              Bid (NCIB) on December 23, 2025 to purchase for
                                                                                                           deposit, accounts and other receivables, certain other
                              cancellation up to 11.8 million of its common shares. The
                                                                                                           financial assets, accounts payable and accrued liabilities,
                              program will be used to mitigate the dilutive effect of
                                                                                                           client deposits, and certain other financial liabilities.
                              stock options issued under the Company’s stock option
                              plan and for other capital management purposes.                              See Note 15 to the Interim Financial Statements which
                                                                                                           provides discussion on the determination of fair value of
                              The Company purchased 5,461,800 common shares
                                                                                                           financial instruments.
                              during the six months ended June 30, 2026 at a cost of
                              $385.8 million under its NCIB (refer to Note 10 to the                       Although there were changes to both the carrying values
                              Interim Financial Statements).                                               and fair values of financial instruments, these changes did
                                                                                                           not have a material impact on the financial condition of
                              In connection with its NCIB, the Company has
                                                                                                           the Company for the six months ended June 30, 2026.
                              established an automatic securities purchase plan (ASPP)
                              for its common shares. The ASPP provides standard
                              instructions regarding how IGM Financial’s common




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.




                              50 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2026 SECOND QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                   C  48                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
Table 27: Financial Instruments
                                                                                                                           June 30, 2026        December 31, 2025
                                                                                                             Carrying                          Carrying
($ millions)                                                                                                    Value         Fair Value          Value     Fair Value
Financial assets recorded at fair value
 Other investments
   – FVTOCI                                                                                              $      2,765.9 $        2,765.9   $    2,412.9 $     2,412.9
   – FVTPL                                                                                                       145.1            145.1           109.2         109.2
 Loans
   – FVTPL                                                                                                          17.7            17.7              –             –
 Derivative financial instruments                                                                                   80.7            80.7           70.0          70.0
Financial assets recorded at amortized cost
 Loans
  – Amortized cost                                                                                             5,165.6           5,320.3        5,262.1       5,389.7
Financial liabilities recorded at fair value
 Derivative financial instruments                                                                                   11.0           11.0            15.2          15.2
Financial liabilities recorded at amortized cost
 Obligations to securitization entities                                                                        4,707.3           4,837.4        4,815.3       4,916.5
 Long-term debt                                                                                                2,800.0           2,857.2        2,400.0       2,441.7




Risk Management
The Company’s interim MD&A risk disclosure focuses on                                    Financial Risk
material changes since the annual MD&A as well as core                                   This is the risk of financial loss related to AUM&A, liquidity
financial risks.                                                                         and funding risk, credit risk, or market risk.
IGM Financial is exposed to a variety of risks that
                                                                                         Risks Related to AUM&A
are inherent in our business activities. Our ability to
                                                                                         At June 30, 2026, IGM Financial’s AUM&A were
manage these risks is key to our ongoing success.
                                                                                         $343.3 billion, compared to $310.1 billion at
The Company emphasizes a strong risk management
                                                                                         December 31, 2025. AUM&A Including SI were
culture and the implementation of an effective risk
                                                                                         $622.1 billion at June 30, 2026, compared to
management approach.
                                                                                         $566.2 billion at December 31, 2025.

Key Risks of the Business                                                                The Company’s primary sources of revenues are advisory
                                                                                         fees and asset management fees which are applied as
Significant risks that may adversely affect our ability to
                                                                                         an annual percentage of the level of AUM&A. AUM&A
achieve strategic and business objectives are identified
                                                                                         levels are impacted by both net sales and changes in
through our ongoing risk management process.
                                                                                         the market.
Risks are identified based on our established
                                                                                         Global markets by their nature are subject to uncertainty
methodology, considering factors both internal and
                                                                                         and a variety of risks. Movement in equity market prices,




                                                                                                                                                                         PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
external to the organization. These risks are broadly
                                                                                         foreign exchange rates, real asset values, interest rates/
grouped into three categories: financial, operational,
                                                                                         credit spreads, or other asset values could cause the
and strategic and business.
                                                                                         Company’s AUM&A, revenue and earnings to decline.
For a complete description of the risk management                                        A general economic downturn, market volatility, client
framework, the key risks and the management of these                                     rebalancing, poor investment performance, or a lack of
risks, refer to the Company’s MD&A included in the                                       investor confidence could also lead to lower sales, higher
2025 Annual Report. The Company’s risk management                                        redemption levels and lower AUM&A.
policies and practices have not changed materially since
                                                                                         Liquidity and Funding Risk
December 31, 2025. Following is a description of the
Company’s key financial risks as well as emerging risks.                                 This is the risk of an inability to generate or obtain
                                                                                         sufficient cash in a timely and cost-effective manner to


                                           IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2026 SECOND QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                                   51
                           P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                                    C  49
                              meet contractual or anticipated commitments as they                           2025, the Company was not utilizing its committed lines
                              come due or arise.                                                            of credit or its uncommitted lines of credit.
                              Our liquidity profile is structured to ensure we have                         The Company’s liquidity position and its management
                              sufficient liquidity to satisfy current and prospective                       of liquidity and funding risk have not changed materially
                              requirements in both normal and stressed conditions.                          since December 31, 2025.
                              A key funding requirement is the funding of advisor                           Credit Risk
                              network compensation paid for the distribution of                             This is the risk of financial loss to the Company if a
                              financial products and services. This compensation                            counterparty to a transaction fails to meet its obligations.
                              continues to be paid from operating cash flows.
                                                                                                            The Company is exposed to credit risk through its cash
                              The Company also maintains sufficient liquidity to                            and cash equivalents, client funds on deposit, mortgage
                              fund and temporarily hold mortgages, which include                            portfolio, and use of over-the-counter derivatives
                              HELOCs, pending sale or securitization to long-term                           and monitors its credit risk management practices on
                              funding sources and to manage any derivative                                  an ongoing basis to evaluate their effectiveness. The
                              collateral requirements.                                                      Company’s exposure to and management of credit risk
                              The Company accesses the unsecured long-term                                  have not changed materially since December 31, 2025.
                              debt markets for corporate purposes, and ensures a
                                                                                                            Cash and Cash Equivalents and Client Funds on Deposit
                              well-diversified maturity structure to manage associated
                              funding risks.                                                                At June 30, 2026, cash and cash equivalents of
                                                                                                            $1,515.5 million (December 31, 2025 – $1,274.2 million)
                              The Company’s contractual obligations are reflected                           consisted of cash balances of $1,062.2 million
                              in Table 29.                                                                  (December 31, 2025 – $676.7 million) primarily on deposit
                              In addition to IGM Financial’s current balance of cash                        with Canadian chartered banks and cash equivalents of
                              and cash equivalents, liquidity is available through                          $453.3 million (December 31, 2025 – $597.5 million). Cash
                              the Company’s lines of credit. The Company’s lines                            equivalents are comprised of Government of Canada
                              of credit with various Schedule I Canadian chartered                          treasury bills totalling $74.2 million (December 31, 2025
                              banks totalled $800 million at June 30, 2026, unchanged                       – $0.5 million), provincial government treasury bills and
                              from December 31, 2025. The lines of credit at June 30,                       promissory notes of $363.6 million (December 31, 2025
                              2026 consisted of committed lines of $650 million and                         – $553.8 million), bank term deposits of $11.4 million
                              uncommitted lines of $150 million, unchanged from                             (December 31, 2025 – $43.2 million), and other corporate
                              December 31, 2025. Any advances made by a bank                                commercial paper of $4.1 million (December 31, 2025 – nil).
                              under the uncommitted lines of credit are at the bank’s                       IG Wealth Management’s client funds on deposit of
                              sole discretion. As at June 30, 2026 and December 31,                         $3.0 billion (December 31, 2025 – $4.3 billion) are held
                                                                                                            with Canadian financial institutions including Schedule I



                              Table 28: IGM Financial AUM – Asset and Currency Mix
                                                                                                                                                                  Investment
                              As at June 30, 2026                                                                                                                      Funds      Total




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                              Cash                                                                                                                                        1.9 %     2.8 %
                              Short-term fixed income and mortgages                                                                                                       1.8       2.0
                              Other fixed income                                                                                                                         20.9      20.5
                              Domestic equity                                                                                                                            20.9      23.6
                              Foreign equity                                                                                                                             52.9      49.9
                              Real Property                                                                                                                               1.6       1.2
                                                                                                                                                                        100.0 %   100.0 %
                              CAD                                                                                                                                        43.4 %    48.5 %
                              USD                                                                                                                                        38.0      34.3
                              Other                                                                                                                                      18.6      17.2
                                                                                                                                                                        100.0 %   100.0 %



                              52   IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2026 SECOND QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


                                   C  50                                P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
chartered banks and approximately 85% of the client                                           • Credit risk for mortgages securitized by transfer
deposits were insured by the Canada Deposit Insurance                                           to bank-sponsored securitization trusts totalling
Corporation (CDIC) at June 30, 2026.                                                            $2.0 billion (December 31, 2025 – $2.2 billion) is limited
                                                                                                to amounts held in cash reserve accounts and future
Mortgage Portfolio
                                                                                                net interest income, the fair values of which were
At June 30, 2026, residential mortgages including                                               $49.2 million (December 31, 2025 – $53.7 million) and
HELOCs, recorded on the Company’s balance sheet,                                                $52.9 million (December 31, 2025 – $51.4 million),
of $5.2 billion (December 31, 2025 – $5.3 billion)                                              respectively, at June 30, 2026. Cash reserve accounts
consisted of $4.6 billion sold to securitization programs                                       are reflected on the balance sheet, whereas rights to
(December 31, 2025 – $4.8 billion), $523.7 million                                              future net interest income are not reflected on the
held pending sale or securitization (December 31,                                               balance sheet and will be recorded over the life of
2025 – $492.9 million) and $7.8 million related to the                                          the mortgages.
Company’s intermediary operations (December 31, 2025
– $9.9 million).                                                                              At June 30, 2026, residential mortgages recorded on the
                                                                                              balance sheet were 55.6% insured (December 31, 2025 –
The Company manages credit risk related to residential                                        52.6%). At June 30, 2026, impaired mortgages on these
mortgages through:                                                                            portfolios were $4.8 million, compared to $5.5 million
• Adhering to its lending policy and underwriting                                             at December 31, 2025. Uninsured non-performing
  standards;                                                                                  mortgages over 90 days on these portfolios were
• Its loan servicing capabilities;                                                            $3.1 million at June 30, 2026, compared to $3.3 million
• Use of client-insured mortgage default insurance                                            at December 31, 2025.
  and mortgage portfolio default insurance held by                                            The Company also retains certain elements of credit risk
  the Company; and                                                                            on mortgage loans sold to the IG Mackenzie Mortgage
• Its practice of originating its mortgages exclusively                                       and Short-Term Income Fund through an agreement
  through a network of mortgage advisors and                                                  to repurchase mortgages in certain circumstances
  IG Wealth Management advisors as part of a client’s                                         benefiting the funds. These loans are not recorded
  IG Living Plan.                                                                             on the Company’s balance sheet as the Company has
In certain instances, credit risk is also limited by the                                      transferred substantially all of the risks and rewards of
terms and nature of securitization transactions as                                            ownership associated with these loans.
described below:                                                                              The Company’s allowance for expected credit losses was
• Under the NHA MBS program totalling $2.6 billion                                            $0.6 million at June 30, 2026, compared to $0.7 million at
  (December 31, 2025 – $2.6 billion), the Company is                                          December 31, 2025.
  obligated to make timely payment of principal and
                                                                                              Derivatives
  coupons irrespective of whether such payments were
                                                                                              The Company is exposed to credit risk through
  received from the mortgage borrower. However, as
                                                                                              derivative contracts it utilizes to hedge interest rate risk,
  required by the NHA MBS program, 100% of the loans
                                                                                              to facilitate securitization transactions and to hedge
  are insured by an approved insurer.
                                                                                              market risk related to certain stock-based compensation




                                                                                                                                                                            PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
Table 29: Contractual Obligations
As at June 30, 2026                                                                                                   Less than         1–5           After
($ millions)                                                                                      Demand                 1 Year        Years        5 Years         Total
Derivative financial instruments                                                              $          –        $         6.2   $       4.8   $         –   $      11.0
Client deposits(1)                                                                                 2,932.2                    –             –             –       2,932.2
Obligations to securitization entities                                                                   –              1,016.3       3,668.7          22.3       4,707.3
Leases(2)                                                                                                –                 27.9         101.7          94.1         223.7
Long-term debt                                                                                           –                400.0         275.0       2,125.0       2,800.0
Total contractual obligations                                                                 $ 2,932.2           $     1,450.4   $ 4,050.2     $ 2,241.4     $ 10,674.2
(1) Client deposits due on demand are primarily offset by client funds held on deposit.
(2) Includes remaining lease payments related to office space and equipment used in the normal course of business.


                                                IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2026 SECOND QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                                53
                                P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                                 C  51
                              arrangements. These derivatives are discussed more fully                        (December 31, 2025 – negative $0.3 million), on
                              under the Market Risk section of this MD&A.                                     an outstanding notional amount of $1.2 billion at
                              To the extent that the fair value of the derivatives is in a                    June 30, 2026 (December 31, 2025 – $1.2 billion). The
                              gain position, the Company is exposed to credit risk if its                     net fair value of these swaps of negative $3.4 million
                              counterparties fail to fulfil their obligations under these                     at June 30, 2026 (December 31, 2025 – negative
                              arrangements.                                                                   $4.7 million) is recorded on the balance sheet and
                                                                                                              has an outstanding notional amount of $1.5 billion
                              The aggregate credit risk exposure related to derivatives                       (December 31, 2025 – $1.4 billion).
                              that are in a gain position of $81.2 million (December 31,
                                                                                                            • The Company is exposed to the impact that changes
                              2025 – $71.6 million) does not give effect to any netting
                                                                                                              in interest rates may have on the value of mortgages
                              agreements or collateral arrangements. The exposure to
                                                                                                              committed to or held pending sale or securitization
                              credit risk, considering netting agreements and collateral
                                                                                                              to long-term funding sources. The Company enters
                              arrangements and including rights to future net interest
                                                                                                              into interest rate swaps to hedge the interest rate
                              income, was $31.8 million at June 30, 2026 (December 31,
                                                                                                              risk related to funding costs for mortgages held by
                              2025 – $33.7 million).
                                                                                                              the Company pending sale or securitization. Hedge
                              Additional information related to the Company’s                                 accounting is applied to the cost of funds on certain
                              securitization activities and utilization of derivative                         securitization activities. The effective portion of fair
                              contracts can be found in Note 7 to the Interim Financial                       value changes of the associated interest rate swaps are
                              Statements and Notes 2, 6, 7 and 23 to the Consolidated                         initially recognized in Other comprehensive income
                              Financial Statements included in the 2025 Annual Report.                        and subsequently recognized in Wealth Management
                                                                                                              revenue over the term of the related Obligations to
                              Market Risk
                                                                                                              securitization entities. The fair value of these swaps was
                              This is the risk of loss arising from changes in the values
                                                                                                              negative $0.1 million (December 31, 2025 – negative
                              of the Company’s financial instruments due to changes in
                                                                                                              $0.1 million) on an outstanding notional amount of
                              interest rates, equity prices or foreign exchange rates.
                                                                                                              $167.3 million at June 30, 2026 (December 31, 2025 –
                              Interest Rate Risk                                                              $157.2 million).
                              IGM Financial is exposed to interest rate risk on its                         As at June 30, 2026, the impact to annual net earnings of a
                              mortgage portfolio and on certain of the derivative                           100 basis point increase in interest rates would have been
                              financial instruments used in our mortgage banking                            a decrease of approximately $0.4 million (December 31,
                              operations.                                                                   2025 – increase of $0.2 million). The Company’s exposure
                              The Company manages interest rate risk associated with                        to and management of interest rate risk have not changed
                              its mortgage banking operations by entering into interest                     materially since December 31, 2025.
                              rate swaps with Canadian Schedule I chartered banks                           Equity Price Risk
                              as follows:
                                                                                                            IGM Financial is exposed to equity price risk on our
                              • The Company has in certain instances funded floating                        equity investments which are classified as either FVTOCI
                                 rate mortgages with fixed rate Canada Mortgage                             or FVTPL, and on our investments in associates, which are
                                 Bonds as part of the securitization transactions under                     accounted for using the equity method. The fair value
                                 the CMB Program. As part of the CMB Program, the                           of other investments was $2.9 billion at June 30, 2026
                                 Company is party to a swap whereby it is entitled to                       (December 31, 2025 – $2.5 billion), as shown in Table 21,




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                 receive investment returns on reinvested mortgage                          and the carrying value of investment in associates was
                                 principal and is obligated to pay Canada Mortgage                          $3.9 billion at June 30, 2026 (December 31, 2025 –
                                 Bond coupons. This swap had a fair value of                                $3.8 billion).
                                 negative $3.1 million (December 31, 2025 – negative
                                 $4.4 million) and an outstanding notional amount of                        The Company sponsors a number of deferred
                                 $0.3 billion at June 30, 2026 (December 31, 2025 –                         compensation arrangements where payments to
                                 $0.2 billion). The Company enters into interest rate                       participants are deferred and linked to the performance
                                 swaps with Canadian Schedule I chartered banks to                          of the common shares of IGM Financial Inc. The
                                 hedge the risk that the interest rates earned on floating                  Company hedges its exposure to this risk through the
                                 rate mortgages and reinvestment returns decline. The                       use of forward agreements and total return swaps.
                                 fair value of these swaps totalled negative $0.3 million


                              54 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2026 SECOND QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                   C  52                                P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
Foreign Exchange Risk                                                                 General Business Conditions
IGM Financial is exposed to foreign exchange risk on its                              This risk refers to the potential for unfavourable impacts
investment in ChinaAMC and Rockefeller. Changes to                                    on IGM Financial resulting from competitive or other
the carrying value due to changes in foreign exchange                                 external factors relating to the marketplace.
rates are recognized in Other comprehensive income.
                                                                                      Global economic conditions, changes in financial
As at June 30, 2026, a 5% appreciation (depreciation) in
                                                                                      markets, as well as inflation, could impact the labour and
Canadian currency relative to foreign currencies would
                                                                                      housing market and could potentially have a broader
decrease (increase) the aggregate carrying value of
                                                                                      effect on investor confidence, income levels and savings.
foreign investments by approximately $128.0 million
                                                                                      In addition, geopolitical risk, ongoing trade tensions,
($141.5 million).
                                                                                      including tariffs (and the threat of increased tariffs)
The Company’s proportionate share of ChinaAMC’s and                                   and other governmental actions (including retaliatory
Rockefeller’s earnings, recorded in Proportionate share                               measures), and other factors can influence inflation,
of associates’ earnings in the Consolidated Statements of                             interest rates, global economic growth, and business
Earnings, is also affected by changes in foreign exchange                             conditions in markets in which the Company operates.
rates. For the period ended June 30, 2026, the impact                                 Global markets are currently exposed to the heightened
to net earnings of a 5% appreciation (depreciation) in                                economic uncertainty related to tariffs and counter-
Canadian currency relative to foreign currencies would                                tariffs introduced by several countries. These conditions
decrease (increase) the Company’s proportionate share                                 could result in reduced sales of IGM Financial’s products
of associates’ earnings by approximately $2.1 million                                 and services and/or result in investors redeeming their
($2.3 million).                                                                       investments. These factors may also affect the level
                                                                                      and volatility of financial markets and the value of the
Emerging Risks                                                                        Company’s AUM, as described more fully under the Risks
The following risks have been updated to reflect                                      Related to AUM&A section of this MD&A.
emerging risks impacting the Company.                                                 To manage this risk, the Company, across its operating
                                                                                      subsidiaries, communicates with clients and underscores
Technology and Cyber Risk
                                                                                      the importance of financial planning across economic
This is the risk of failure or inappropriate usage of
                                                                                      cycles. The Company and the industry continue to
information and technology that enables business
                                                                                      take steps to educate Canadian investors on the merits
operations and strategies which may result in business
                                                                                      of financial planning, diversification and long-term
disruption and missed opportunities.
                                                                                      investing. In periods of volatility, Wealth Management
Technology underpins our business operations and the                                  advisors and independent financial advisors play a key
client, employee and advisor experience. As a result,                                 role in assisting investors in maintaining perspective and
we are exposed to cybersecurity risks such as identity                                focus on their long-term objectives.
theft, compromise of technology systems and malicious
                                                                                      Competitive Risk
software attacks. As the financial services industry adopts
artificial intelligence (AI) to enhance productivity and                              This risk refers to the potential for unfavourable impacts
client experience, threat actors may also use these tools                             on IGM Financial resulting from inadequate product or
to increase the sophistication and scale of cyberattacks.                             service performance, quality or breadth.
Globally, the volume of these activities has increased                                IGM Financial, including its subsidiaries and strategic




                                                                                                                                                     PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
and could compromise confidential information of the                                  investments, operate in a highly competitive
Company and its clients or other stakeholders and result                              environment, competing with other financial service
in other negative consequences including lost revenue,                                providers, investment managers and product and
litigation, regulatory scrutiny or reputational damage.                               service types. Client development and retention
Our technology risk management policy provides a                                      can be influenced by a number of factors, including
framework for managing technology risk, alongside                                     investment performance, products and services offered
enterprise-wide cybersecurity programs, benchmarking                                  by competitors, relative service levels, relative pricing,
of capabilities to sound industry practices, and threat and                           product attributes, reputation and actions taken by
vulnerability assessment and response capabilities, which                             competitors. The Company’s performance depends in
together provide resiliency in addressing this risk.                                  part on its ability to evaluate, adopt and govern new
                                                                                      technologies, including AI-enabled capabilities. Failure


                                        IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2026 SECOND QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                  55
                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                   C  53
                              to do so, or adverse outcomes arising from the use of                          relationships. The Company’s subsidiaries also continually
                              such technologies by the Company or its competitors,                           review their respective product and service offering and
                              could impact the Company’s competitive position.                               pricing to ensure competitiveness in the marketplace. We
                              These factors could have an adverse impact upon the                            strive to deliver strong investment performance on our
                              Company’s financial position and operating results.                            products relative to benchmarks and peers. The Company
                              We provide Wealth Management advisors, independent                             recognizes the importance of pursuing AI in a responsible
                              financial advisors, as well as retail and institutional clients                manner and is focused on evaluating and integrating these
                              with a high level of service and support and a broad range                     capabilities into our operations to support our competitive
                              of investment products, with a focus on building enduring                      position where appropriate.




                              Critical Accounting Estimates and Policies
                              Summary of Critical Accounting Estimates                                           transactions and trading comparables. Assumptions
                                                                                                                 and estimates employed include future changes in
                              There were no changes to the Company’s assumptions
                                                                                                                 assets under management resulting from net sales and
                              related to critical accounting estimates from those
                                                                                                                 investment returns, pricing and profit margin changes,
                              reported at December 31, 2025, except as follows:
                                                                                                                 discount rates, and capitalization multiples.
                              • Goodwill and intangible assets – The Company
                                completed its annual impairment tests of goodwill and                        Changes in Accounting Policies
                                indefinite life intangible assets based on April 1, 2026
                                financial information and determined there was no                            IFRS 9 Financial Instruments and IFRS 7 Financial
                                                                                                             Instruments: Disclosures – Amendments
                                impairment in the value of those assets.
                                The Company tests the fair value of goodwill and                             As of January 1, 2026, the Company has adopted the
                                indefinite life intangible assets for impairment at                          amendments to IFRS 9 and IFRS 7. The amendments
                                least once a year and more frequently if an event or                         introduce additional disclosures intended to enhance
                                circumstance indicates the asset may be impaired.                            transparency around changes in fair value of equity
                                                                                                             instruments designated at FVTOCI, and clarify the timing
                                An impairment loss is recognized if the amount of
                                                                                                             of derecognition for financial liabilities settled through
                                the asset’s carrying amount exceeds its recoverable
                                                                                                             electronic payment systems.
                                amount. The recoverable amount is the higher of an
                                asset’s fair value less costs of disposal and its value                      The amendments did not have a material impact on
                                in use. For the purposes of assessing impairment,                            the Company’s Interim Financial Statements.
                                assets are grouped at the lowest levels for which
                                there are separately identifiable cash inflows (cash                         Future Accounting Changes
                                generating units). Finite life intangible assets are
                                                                                                             The Company continuously monitors the changes
                                tested for impairment whenever events or changes in
                                                                                                             proposed by the International Accounting Standards
                                circumstances indicate that the carrying amounts may
                                                                                                             Board (IASB) and analyzes the effect that changes in the




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                not be recoverable.
                                                                                                             standards may have on the Company’s operations.
                                These tests involve the use of estimates and assumptions
                                appropriate in the circumstances. In assessing the                           The IASB is currently undertaking a number of projects
                                recoverable amounts, valuation approaches are                                which will result in changes to existing IFRS standards that
                                used that include discounted cash flow analysis and                          may affect the Company. Updates will be provided as
                                application of capitalization multiples to financial and                     the projects develop.
                                operating metrics based upon precedent acquisition




                              56 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2026 SECOND QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                   C  54                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
During the second quarter of 2026, there have been no                                 likely to materially affect, the Company’s internal control
changes in the Company’s internal control over financial                              over financial reporting.
reporting that have materially affected, or are reasonably




Other Information
Transactions with Related Parties                                                     stock options as at June 30, 2026 totalled 4,039,765 of
                                                                                      which 1,718,740 were exercisable. As at July 24, 2026,
There were no changes to the types of related party
                                                                                      outstanding common shares totalled 230,888,705 and
transactions from those reported at December 31,
                                                                                      outstanding stock options totalled 4,001,552 of which
2025. For further information on transactions involving
                                                                                      1,680,785 were exercisable.
related parties, see Notes 3, 10 and 28 to the Company’s
Consolidated Financial Statements included in the 2025
Annual Report.                                                                        SEDAR+
                                                                                      Additional information relating to IGM Financial, including
Outstanding Share Data                                                                the Company’s most recent financial statements and
                                                                                      Annual Information Form, is available at www.sedarplus.ca.
Outstanding common shares of IGM Financial as
at June 30, 2026 totalled 231,514,950. Outstanding




                                                                                                                                                      PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.




                                        IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2026 SECOND QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                   57
                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                    C  55
                              Interim Condensed Consolidated
                              Financial Statements (Unaudited)
                              Consolidated Statements of Earnings
                              (unaudited) (in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share amounts)
                                                                                                                                          Three months ended                            Six months ended
                                                                                                                                                     June 30                                     June 30
                                                                                                                                            2026        2025                           2026         2025
                              Revenues
                               Wealth management (Note 3)                                                                         $      771,443 $            649,456         $ 1,501,176 $ 1,288,940

                               Asset management                                                                                          280,044              253,816               555,486        511,748
                               Dealer compensation expense                                                                               (87,643)             (82,309)             (174,697)      (167,401)
                               Net asset management (Note 3)                                                                             192,401              171,507               380,789       344,347

                               Net investment income and other                                                                             17,743               11,665               28,122        19,397
                               Gain on partial sale of investment in associates (Note 8)                                                    9,925                    –                9,925             –
                               Proportionate share of associates’ earnings (Note 8)                                                        75,551               60,092              144,954       115,835
                                                                                                                                      1,067,063               892,720              2,064,966     1,768,519
                              Expenses (Note 4)
                               Advisory and business development                                                                         359,526              304,796               698,056       606,051
                               Operations and support                                                                                    311,218              212,359               542,850       426,724
                               Sub-advisory                                                                                               30,697               23,147                58,825        46,311
                               Interest                                                                                                   33,828               32,260                65,892        64,234
                                                                                                                                         735,269              572,562              1,365,623     1,143,320
                              Earnings before income taxes                                                                               331,794              320,158               699,343       625,199
                              Income taxes                                                                                                68,798               71,578               151,036       141,178
                              Net earnings                                                                                               262,996              248,580               548,307       484,021
                              Non-controlling interest (Note 8)                                                                           (1,544)              (1,871)               (3,039)       (3,535)
                              Net earnings available to common shareholders                                                       $      261,452 $            246,709         $     545,268 $     480,486
                              Earnings per share (in dollars) (Note 16)
                                Net earnings available to common shareholders
                                – Basic                                                                                           $           1.13 $                1.04      $         2.34 $        2.03
                                – Diluted                                                                                         $           1.12 $                1.04      $         2.32 $        2.02
                              (See accompanying notes to interim condensed consolidated financial statements)




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.




                              58 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2026 SECOND QUARTER REPORT | INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                   C  56                                           P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income
(unaudited) (in thousands of Canadian dollars)
                                                                                                                Three months ended                Six months ended
                                                                                                                           June 30                         June 30
                                                                                                                  2026        2025               2026         2025

Net earnings                                                                                            $      262,996 $       248,580     $   548,307 $    484,021

Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax
 Items that will not be reclassified to Net earnings
   Fair value through other comprehensive income investments
    Other comprehensive income (loss) (Note 5), net of tax of $(46,796),
    $(34,702), $(46,930) and $(36,762)                                                                         306,912         229,879         307,774      243,074
   Employee benefits
    Net actuarial gains (losses), net of tax of $(359), $(4,854), $2,250
    and $(4,689)                                                                                                     978        13,211          (6,121)      12,764
   Investment in associates – employee benefits and other
    Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax of nil                                                           1,168           406           1,707             785

 Items that may be reclassified subsequently to Net earnings
   Investment in associates and other
    Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax of $(11,855), $7,518,
    $(19,480) and $7,010                                                                                         80,730        (115,361)       136,745       (95,050)
                                                                                                               389,788         128,135         440,105      161,573
Total comprehensive income                                                                                     652,784         376,715         988,412      645,594
Non-controlling interest                                                                                         (1,544)         (1,871)        (3,039)       (3,535)
Total comprehensive income available to common shareholders                                             $      651,240 $       374,844     $   985,373 $    642,059
(See accompanying notes to interim condensed consolidated financial statements)




                                                                                                                                                                         PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.




                          IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2026 SECOND QUARTER REPORT | INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                                    59
                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                               C  57
                              Consolidated Balance Sheets
                              (unaudited) (in thousands of Canadian dollars)
                                                                                                                                                                                    June 30   December 31
                                                                                                                                                                                       2026         2025
                              Assets
                              Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                                 $       1,515,482 $      1,274,211
                              Other investments (Note 5)                                                                                                                        2,911,007        2,522,120
                              Client funds on deposit                                                                                                                           2,978,575        4,316,736
                              Accounts and other receivables                                                                                                                      314,243          292,050
                              Income taxes recoverable                                                                                                                             12,342           13,396
                              Loans (Note 6)                                                                                                                                    5,183,306        5,262,064
                              Derivative financial instruments                                                                                                                     80,651           69,961
                              Other assets                                                                                                                                        178,321          183,478
                              Investment in associates (Note 8)                                                                                                                 3,871,506        3,753,535
                              Capital assets                                                                                                                                      354,388          343,753
                              Capitalized sales commissions                                                                                                                       450,867          440,784
                              Deferred income taxes                                                                                                                                 1,032            2,206
                              Intangible assets                                                                                                                                 1,291,515        1,290,685
                              Goodwill                                                                                                                                          2,636,771        2,636,771
                              Total assets                                                                                                                              $     21,780,006 $      22,401,750

                              Liabilities
                              Accounts payable and accrued liabilities                                                                                                  $         554,794 $        570,358
                              Income taxes payable                                                                                                                                 20,776           29,123
                              Derivative financial instruments                                                                                                                     10,993           15,150
                              Client deposits                                                                                                                                   2,932,248        4,299,128
                              Other liabilities                                                                                                                                   445,346          355,460
                              Obligations to securitization entities (Note 7)                                                                                                   4,707,315        4,815,312
                              Lease obligations                                                                                                                                   169,179          165,210
                              Deferred income taxes                                                                                                                               759,396          713,725
                              Long-term debt (Note 9)                                                                                                                           2,800,000        2,400,000
                              Total liabilities                                                                                                                               12,400,047        13,363,466

                              Equity
                              Share capital
                               Common shares                                                                                                                                    1,897,541        1,867,055
                              Contributed surplus                                                                                                                                  47,235           50,718
                              Retained earnings                                                                                                                                 5,051,696        5,166,596
                              Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)                                                                                                     2,297,831        1,859,958
                              Total shareholders’ equity                                                                                                                        9,294,303        8,944,327
                              Non-controlling interest                                                                                                                             85,656           93,957
                              Total equity                                                                                                                                      9,379,959        9,038,284




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                              Total liabilities and equity                                                                                                              $     21,780,006 $      22,401,750

                              These interim condensed consolidated financial statements were approved and authorized for issuance by the Board of Directors on July 29, 2026.

                              (See accompanying notes to interim condensed consolidated financial statements)




                              60 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2026 SECOND QUARTER REPORT | INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                   C  58                                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity
(unaudited) (in thousands of Canadian dollars)
                                                                       Share                                                   Accumulated
                                                                      capital                                                    other com-
                                                                  – Common                                                       prehensive          Non-
                                                                      shares           Contributed              Retained       income (loss)   controlling       Total
Six months ended June 30                                            (Note 10)               surplus             earnings           (Note 13)      interest      equity
2026
Balance, beginning of period                                    $ 1,867,055 $                50,718 $ 5,166,596 $ 1,859,958 $                     93,957 $ 9,038,284
Net earnings                                                                    –                    –           545,268                –           3,039     548,307
Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax                                   –                    –                 –          440,105               –     440,105
Total comprehensive income (loss)                                               –                    –           545,268          440,105           3,039     988,412
Common shares
 Issued under stock option plan                                         74,504                       –                    –              –              –       74,504
 Purchased for cancellation                                            (44,018)                      –                    –              –              –      (44,018)
Stock options
 Current period expense                                                         –              1,838                   –                 –              –         1,838
 Exercised                                                                      –             (5,321)                  –                 –              –        (5,321)
Common share dividends                                                          –                  –            (288,267)                –              –    (288,267)
Dividends to non-controlling interest (Note 8)                                  –                  –                   –                 –        (11,340)     (11,340)
Transfer out of fair value through other
comprehensive income                                                            –                    –             2,232            (2,232)             –           –
Common share cancellation excess and other                                      –                    –          (374,133)                –              –    (374,133)
Balance, end of period                                          $ 1,897,541 $                47,235 $ 5,051,696 $ 2,297,831 $                     85,656 $ 9,379,959

2025
Balance, beginning of period                                    $ 1,785,233 $                54,589 $ 4,890,896 $ 1,070,057 $                     69,631 $ 7,870,406
Net earnings                                                                    –                    –           480,486                –           3,535     484,021
Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax                                   –                    –                 –          161,573               –     161,573
Total comprehensive income (loss)                                               –                    –           480,486          161,573           3,535     645,594
Common shares
 Issued under stock option plan                                         30,534                       –                    –              –              –       30,534
 Purchased for cancellation                                            (19,369)                      –                    –              –              –      (19,369)
Stock options
 Current period expense                                                         –              1,764                   –                 –             –          1,764
 Exercised                                                                      –             (1,812)                  –                 –             –         (1,812)
Common share dividends                                                          –                  –            (266,003)                –             –      (266,003)
Increase of non-controlling interest                                            –                  –                   –                 –        12,200        12,200
Transfer out of fair value through other
comprehensive income                                                            –                    –             18,871          (18,871)             –            –
Common share cancellation excess and other                                      –                    –            (99,936)               –              –      (99,936)
Balance, end of period                                          $ 1,796,398 $                54,541 $ 5,024,314 $ 1,212,759 $                     85,366 $ 8,173,378




                                                                                                                                                                           PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
(See accompanying notes to interim condensed consolidated financial statements)




                          IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2026 SECOND QUARTER REPORT | INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                                      61
                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                                 C  59
                              Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
                              (unaudited) (in thousands of Canadian dollars)
                              Six months ended June 30                                                                                                                                  2026        2025
                              Operating activities
                               Earnings before income taxes                                                                                                                   $      699,343 $    625,199
                               Income taxes paid                                                                                                                                    (175,634)    (168,383)
                               Adjustments to determine net cash from operating activities
                                Capitalized sales commission amortization                                                                                                             61,629        56,170
                                Capitalized sales commissions paid                                                                                                                   (72,029)      (61,635)
                                Amortization of capital, intangible and other assets                                                                                                  50,659        48,957
                                Proportionate share of associates’ earnings, net of dividends received                                                                                  2,889      (22,825)
                                Pension and other post-employment benefits                                                                                                             2,311         2,510
                                Restructuring provisions and other                                                                                                                    95,255             –
                                Gain on partial sale of investment in associates                                                                                                      (9,925)            –
                                Changes in operating assets and liabilities and other                                                                                                (89,575)    (115,167)
                                Cash from operating activities before restructuring provision payments                                                                              564,923      364,826
                                Restructuring provision cash payments                                                                                                               (16,526)      (9,197)
                                                                                                                                                                                    548,397      355,629
                              Financing activities
                               Increase in obligations to securitization entities                                                                                                    792,553      646,748
                               Repayments of obligations to securitization entities and other                                                                                       (908,531)    (737,942)
                               Repayment of lease obligations                                                                                                                         (12,199)      (9,642)
                               Issue of common shares                                                                                                                                  69,184      28,722
                               Issue of debentures                                                                                                                                   400,000             –
                               Common shares purchased for cancellation                                                                                                             (385,822)    (113,645)
                               Common share dividends paid                                                                                                                          (277,039)    (267,030)
                                                                                                                                                                                    (321,854)    (452,789)
                              Investing activities
                               Purchase of other investments                                                                                                                          (55,186)     (68,637)
                               Proceeds from the sale of other investments                                                                                                             32,644       57,047
                               Increase in loans                                                                                                                                    (974,497)    (913,233)
                               Repayment of loans and other                                                                                                                        1,046,728      995,363
                               Net additions to capital assets                                                                                                                        (17,449)     (19,887)
                               Net cash used in additions to intangible assets and other                                                                                             (29,588)     (33,070)
                               Proceeds from the partial sale of investment in associates                                                                                              12,076            –
                                                                                                                                                                                      14,728       17,583
                              Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                       241,271     (79,577)
                              Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period                                                                                                       1,274,211     910,278
                              Cash and cash equivalents, end of period                                                                                                        $ 1,515,482 $      830,701

                              Cash                                                                                                                                            $ 1,062,195 $      598,002




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                              Cash equivalents                                                                                                                                    453,287        232,699
                                                                                                                                                                              $ 1,515,482 $      830,701
                              Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information related to operating activities
                               Interest and dividends received                                                                                                                $     253,223 $    208,642
                               Interest paid                                                                                                                                  $     150,005 $    157,472
                              (See accompanying notes to interim condensed consolidated financial statements)




                              62 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2026 SECOND QUARTER REPORT | INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                   C  60                                           P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
June 30, 2026 (unaudited) (in thousands of Canadian dollars, except shares and per share amounts)


Note 1. Corporate information

IGM Financial Inc. (the Company) is a publicly listed company (TSX: IGM), incorporated and domiciled in Canada. The
registered address of the Company is 447 Portage Avenue, Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada. The Company is controlled
by Power Corporation of Canada (Power).
IGM Financial Inc. is a wealth and asset management company which serves the financial needs of Canadians through
its principal subsidiaries, each operating distinctly within the advice segment of the financial services market. The
Company’s wholly-owned principal subsidiaries are IGWM Inc. and Mackenzie Financial Corporation (Mackenzie).


Note 2. Summary of material accounting policies

The unaudited Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements of the Company (Interim Financial Statements)
have been prepared in accordance with International Accounting Standard 34, Interim Financial Reporting, using the
accounting policies as set out in Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended December 31,
2025. The Interim Financial Statements should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements in
the 2025 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report.

Changes in accounting policies
IFRS 9 Financial Instruments and IFRS 7 Financial Instruments: Disclosures – Amendments
As of January 1, 2026, the Company has adopted the amendments to IFRS 9 and IFRS 7. The amendments introduce
additional disclosures intended to enhance transparency around changes in fair value of equity instruments designated
at FVTOCI, and clarify the timing of derecognition for financial liabilities settled through electronic payment systems.
The amendments did not have material impact on the Company’s Interim Financial Statements.

Comparative figures
The Company reclassified certain comparative figures in its Consolidated Statements of Earnings to conform to the
current year’s presentation which resulted in prior year expenses being reclassified from Operations and support to
Sub-advisory. The reclassifications are intended to provide additional details on the nature of the Company’s expense
categorizations and had no impact on the net earnings of the Company.

Future accounting changes
The Company continuously monitors changes proposed by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) and
analyzes the effect that changes in the standards may have on the Company’s operations.




                                                                                                                                    PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.




       IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2026 SECOND QUARTER REPORT | NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS      63
                       P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6   C  61
                              Note 3. Revenues from contracts with customers

                                                                                                                                  Three months ended                            Six months ended
                                                                                                                                             June 30                                     June 30
                                                                                                                                     2026                  2025                2026         2025
                              Advisory fees                                                                               $      402,280 $            346,285         $     787,474 $    688,358
                              Product and program fees                                                                           308,111              260,149               601,010      520,752
                                                                                                                                 710,391              606,434              1,388,484    1,209,110
                              Other financial planning revenues                                                                   61,052               43,022                112,692       79,830
                              Wealth management                                                                                  771,443              649,456              1,501,176    1,288,940
                              Asset management                                                                                   280,044              253,816               555,486       511,748
                              Dealer compensation expense                                                                        (87,643)             (82,309)             (174,697)     (167,401)
                              Net asset management                                                                               192,401              171,507               380,789      344,347
                              Net revenues from contracts with customers                                                  $      963,844 $            820,963         $ 1,881,965 $ 1,633,287

                              Wealth management revenue is earned by providing financial planning, investment advisory and related financial
                              services. Advisory fees, related to financial planning, are associated with assets under management and advisement.
                              Product and program fees, related to investment management and administration services, are associated with
                              assets under management. Other financial planning revenues include insurance, banking products and services,
                              and mortgage lending activities.
                              Asset management revenue, related to investment management advisory and administrative services, depends
                              on the level and composition of assets under management.


                              Note 4. Expenses

                              During the second quarter, the Company incurred restructuring and other charges of $95.3 million ($70.1 million
                              after-tax) related to actions taken to simplify the Company’s organizational structure and operating model, and
                              to improve efficiency. These actions are intended to create capacity for the Company to further invest in artificial
                              intelligence (AI) capabilities. The initiatives include organizational structure changes, consolidation of certain team
                              structures and streamlined workflows. The charge is primarily severance and also includes other related costs
                              associated with these activities.


                              Note 5. Other investments

                                                                                                                                             June 30, 2026                    December 31, 2025
                                                                                                                                      Cost         Fair value                  Cost     Fair value
                              Fair value through other comprehensive income (FVTOCI)
                               Corporate investments                                                                      $      404,219 $ 2,765,926                  $     403,284 $ 2,412,868




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                              Fair value through profit or loss (FVTPL)
                               Equity securities                                                                                       2                    3                     2            2
                               Proprietary investment funds                                                                      138,405              145,078               107,680      109,250
                                                                                                                                 138,407              145,081               107,682      109,252
                                                                                                                          $      542,626 $ 2,911,007                  $     510,966 $ 2,522,120

                              Wealthsimple Financial Corp. (Wealthsimple) is a financial company that provides simple digital tools for growing and
                              managing client money. The Company’s investment in Wealthsimple is primarily held through a limited partnership
                              controlled by Power and economic interest is presented net of certain partnership costs. The investment is classified
                              at FVTOCI.



                              64 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2026 SECOND QUARTER REPORT | NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                   C  62                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
IGM Financial Inc. holds a 25.1% economic interest in Wealthsimple (December 31, 2025 – 25.5%) calculated using the
treasury method which includes options that are in the money and assumes option proceeds are used to repurchase
shares. The Company holds a 22.2% fully diluted economic interest (December 31, 2025 – 22.3%).
At June 30, 2026, the Company increased the fair value of its investment in Wealthsimple, net of certain partnership costs,
to $2,592 million (December 31, 2025 – $2,258 million). The increase in fair value considers public market peer valuations,
Wealthsimple’s business performance and revenue expectations, as well as transactions which closed in the fourth
quarter of 2025. Fair value is determined by using observable transactions in the investments’ securities where available,
discounted cash flows, and other valuation metrics, including revenue multiples used in the valuation of comparable
public companies.


Note 6. Loans

                                                                                                      Contractual maturity
                                                                                                                                          June 30      December 31
                                                                                        1 year               1–5             Over            2026            2025
                                                                                        or less              years         5 years          Total            Total
Amortized cost
 Residential mortgages                                                           $ 1,101,496 $ 4,049,756 $ 14,984                    $   5,166,236 $      5,262,769
Less: Allowance for expected credit losses                                                                                                    648                 705
                                                                                                                                         5,165,588        5,262,064
Fair value through profit or loss                                                                                                          17,718                  –
                                                                                                                                     $   5,183,306 $      5,262,064
The change in the allowance for expected credit losses
is as follows:
 Balance, beginning of period                                                                                                        $        705 $               783
 Write-offs, net of recoveries                                                                                                                 (65)           (187)
 Change in expected credit losses                                                                                                                8                109
 Balance, end of period                                                                                                              $        648 $               705

Total credit impaired loans as at June 30, 2026 were $4.8 million (December 31, 2025 – $5.5 million).
Total interest income on loans was $107.0 million (2025 – $107.3 million). Total interest expense on obligations to
securitization entities, related to securitized loans, was $87.9 million (2025 – $94.5 million). Gains realized on the sale
of residential mortgages totalled $2.6 million (2025 – $2.8 million). Fair value adjustments related to mortgage banking
operations totalled $0.4 million (2025 – negative $2.2 million). These amounts were included in Wealth management
revenue. Wealth management revenue also includes other mortgage banking related items including portfolio
insurance, issue costs, and other items.


Note 7. Securitizations




                                                                                                                                                                        PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
The Company securitizes residential mortgages through the Canada Mortgage and Housing Corporation (CMHC)
sponsored National Housing Act Mortgage-Backed Securities (NHA MBS) Program and Canada Mortgage Bond (CMB)
Program and through Canadian bank-sponsored asset-backed commercial paper (ABCP) programs. These transactions
do not meet the requirements for derecognition as the Company retains prepayment risk and certain elements of
credit risk. Accordingly, the Company has retained these mortgages on its balance sheets and has recorded offsetting
liabilities for the net proceeds received as Obligations to securitization entities which are recorded at amortized cost.
The Company earns interest on the mortgages and pays interest on the obligations to securitization entities. As part of
the CMB transactions, the Company enters into a swap transaction whereby the Company pays coupons on CMBs and
receives investment returns on the NHA MBS and the reinvestment of repaid mortgage principal. A component of this
swap, related to the obligation to pay CMB coupons and receive investment returns on repaid mortgage principal,

         IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2026 SECOND QUARTER REPORT | NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                                       65
                           P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                                  C  63
                              and the hedging swap used to manage exposure to changes in variable rate investment returns, are recorded as
                              derivatives with a fair value of negative $3.4 million at June 30, 2026 (December 31, 2025 – negative $4.7 million).
                              All mortgages securitized under the NHA MBS and CMB Program are insured by CMHC or another approved insurer
                              under the program. As part of the ABCP transactions, the Company has provided cash reserves for credit enhancement
                              which are recorded at cost. Credit risk is limited to these cash reserves and future net interest income as the ABCP Trusts
                              have no recourse to the Company’s other assets for failure to make payments when due.
                                                                                                                                                                                    Obligations
                                                                                                                                                                                                to
                                                                                                                                                              Securitized           securitization
                                                                                                                                                              mortgages                 entities         Net
                              June 30, 2026
                              Carrying value
                               NHA MBS and CMB Program                                                                                                      $ 2,619,282 $ 2,646,433 $                 (27,151)
                               Bank sponsored ABCP                                                                                                            2,033,181   2,060,882                   (27,701)
                                Total                                                                                                                       $ 4,652,463 $ 4,707,315 $                 (54,852)
                              Fair value                                                                                                                    $ 4,811,152 $ 4,837,350 $                 (26,198)

                              December 31, 2025
                              Carrying value
                               NHA MBS and CMB Program                                                                                                      $ 2,580,268 $ 2,597,439 $                 (17,171)
                               Bank sponsored ABCP                                                                                                            2,179,719   2,217,873                   (38,154)
                                Total                                                                                                                       $ 4,759,987 $ 4,815,312 $                 (55,325)
                              Fair value                                                                                                                    $ 4,890,342 $ 4,916,463 $                 (26,121)

                              The carrying value of Obligations to securitization entities, which is recorded net of issue costs, includes principal
                              payments received on securitized mortgages that are not due to be settled until after the reporting period. Issue costs
                              are amortized over the life of the obligation on an effective interest rate basis.


                              Note 8. Investment in associates

                                                                                              Great West          ChinaAMC             Rockefeller            Northleaf                  Other          Total
                              June 30, 2026
                              Balance, beginning of period                                $      670,005 $ 2,081,216 $                      480,679 $            471,901 $              49,734 $ 3,753,535
                              Dispositions                                                              –          –                              –                    –                (2,151)      (2,151)
                              Dividends                                                           (29,663)   (61,480)                             –              (56,700)                    –    (147,843)
                              Proportionate share of:
                               Earnings (losses)                                                   54,572               78,498                (2,387)              15,191 (1)              (920)     144,954
                               Other comprehensive income (loss) and
                               other adjustments                                                  (25,852)            132,998                15,865                        –                  –      123,011
                              Balance, end of period                                      $      669,062 $ 2,231,232 $                      494,157 $            430,392 $              46,663 $ 3,871,506




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                              June 30, 2025
                              Balance, beginning of period                                $      633,475 $ 2,030,081 $                      903,208 $            353,565 $              59,415 $ 3,979,744
                              Additions                                                                –           –                              –               61,000                     –      61,000
                              Dividends                                                          (27,006)    (66,004)                             –                    –                     –     (93,010)
                              Proportionate share of:
                               Earnings (losses)                                                   41,989               60,261                (4,976)              17,677 (1)               884      115,835
                               Other comprehensive income (loss) and
                               other adjustments                                                   17,954              (72,434)             (47,235)                (3,296)                   –      (105,011)
                              Balance, end of period                                      $      666,412 $ 1,951,904 $                      850,997 $            428,946 $              60,299 $ 3,958,558
                              (1) The Company’s proportionate share of Northleaf’s earnings net of Non-controlling interest was $12,153 (2025 – $14,142).




                              66 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2026 SECOND QUARTER REPORT | NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                   C  64                                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
The Company uses the equity method to account for its investments in associates, which include Great-West Lifeco
Inc. (Great West), China Asset Management Co., Ltd. (ChinaAMC), Rockefeller Capital Management (Rockefeller), and
Northleaf Capital Group Ltd. (Northleaf), as it exercises significant influence.
During the second quarter of 2026, Northleaf declared and paid dividends of $56.7 million ($45.4 million net of
Non-controlling interest (NCI)), including a distribution of excess cash, in preparation for transactions that closed in
the third quarter of 2026.
Subsequent to June 30, 2026, pursuant to the 2020 Northleaf transaction and related rights and obligations, the
Company completed a series of transactions that aligned its voting rights and economic interests and increased its
ownership in Northleaf by 4.9%, from 56.0% to 60.9%, for cash consideration of $43 million (Note 19).


Note 9. Long-term debt

On June 2, 2026, the Company issued $200 million of 10-year, 4.407% debentures and $200 million of 30-year, 5.002%
debentures. The net proceeds were used by the Company to fund the early redemption on July 2, 2026 of all of its
$400 million aggregate principal amount of 3.44% debentures due January 26, 2027.
Interest on debentures is recorded in interest expense in the Statements of Earnings.


Note 10. Share capital

Authorized
  Unlimited number of:
   First preferred shares, issuable in series
   Second preferred shares, issuable in series
   Class 1 non-voting shares
   Common shares, no par value

Issued and outstanding
                                                                                                                    June 30, 2026                     June 30, 2025
                                                                                                        Shares            Stated value       Shares      Stated value
Common shares:
 Balance, beginning of period                                                                   235,137,873 $               1,867,055    237,878,838 $     1,785,233
 Issued under Stock Option Plan                                                                   1,838,877                    74,504        735,055          30,534
 Purchased for cancellation                                                                      (5,461,800)                  (44,018)    (2,559,100)        (19,369)
 Balance, end of period                                                                         231,514,950 $               1,897,541    236,054,793 $     1,796,398


Normal course issuer bid
On December 23, 2025, the Company commenced a Normal Course Issuer Bid (NCIB) which will continue until




                                                                                                                                                                        PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
December 22, 2026, when the bid expires, or such earlier date as the Company completes its purchases pursuant
to the notice of intention filed with the TSX. Pursuant to this bid, the Company may purchase up to 11.8 million or
5.0% of its common shares outstanding as at December 9, 2025. On December 23, 2024, the Company commenced
an NCIB, effective until December 22, 2025, which authorized it to purchase up to 5.0 million or 2.1% of its common
shares outstanding as at December 9, 2024. On November 13, 2025, the Company amended its NCIB to increase the
maximum number of common shares that can be repurchased to 6.0 million shares or 2.5% of its common shares
outstanding as at December 9, 2024.
In the second quarter of 2026, there were 2,631,800 shares (2025 – 804,400) purchased at a cost of $200.4 million
(2025 – $34.9 million). In the six months ended June 30, 2026, there were 5,461,800 shares (2025 – 2,559,100) purchased
at a cost of $385.8 million (2025 – $113.6 million). The premium paid to purchase the shares in excess of the stated value
was charged to Retained earnings.

        IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2026 SECOND QUARTER REPORT | NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                                         67
                          P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                                    C  65
                              In connection with its NCIB, the Company has established an automatic securities purchase plan for its common
                              shares. The automatic securities purchase plan provides standard instructions regarding how IGM Financial’s common
                              shares are to be purchased under the NCIB during certain pre-determined trading blackout periods, subject to
                              pre-established parameters. Outside of these pre-determined trading blackout periods, purchases under the
                              Company’s NCIB will be completed based upon management’s discretion.


                              Note 11. Capital management

                              The capital management policies, procedures and activities of the Company are discussed in the Capital Resources
                              section of the Company’s Management’s Discussion and Analysis contained in the Second Quarter 2026 Report to
                              Shareholders and in Note 19 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in the 2025 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report
                              and have not changed significantly since December 31, 2025.


                              Note 12. Share-based payments

                              Stock option plan
                                                                                                                                                                         June 30 December 31
                                                                                                                                                                            2026       2025
                              Common share options
                               – Outstanding                                                                                                                            4,039,765    5,427,636
                               – Exercisable                                                                                                                            1,718,740    2,654,864

                              In the second quarter of 2026, the Company granted 125,145 options to employees (2025 – 1,164). In the six months
                              ended June 30, 2026, the Company granted 462,185 options to employees (2025 – 539,310). The weighted-average
                              fair value of options granted during the six months ended June 30, 2026, has been estimated at $14.04 per option
                              (2025 – $6.58) using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. The weighted-average closing share price at the grant
                              date was $71.48.
                              Other assumptions used in these valuation methods include:
                              Six months ended June 30                                                                                                                    2026         2025
                              Exercise price                                                                                                                    $         70.43  $     44.55
                              Risk-free interest rate                                                                                                                      3.17%        3.09%
                              Expected option life                                                                                                                      7 years      7 years
                              Expected volatility                                                                                                                         24.27%       24.00%
                              Expected dividend yield                                                                                                                      3.48%        4.98%

                              Expected volatility has been estimated based on the historic volatility of the Company’s share price over seven years
                              which is reflective of the expected option life. Options vest over a period of up to 7.5 years from the grant date and
                              are exercisable no later than 10 years after the grant date.




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.




                              68 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2026 SECOND QUARTER REPORT | NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                   C  66                                P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
Note 13. Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)

                                                                                                                                        Investment
                                                                                                                                                  in
                                                                                                        Employee               Other      associates
                                                                                                         benefits        investments     and other         Total
June 30, 2026
Balance, beginning of period                                                                        $        22,800 $ 1,739,295 $           97,863 $ 1,859,958
Other comprehensive income (loss)                                                                            (6,121)    307,774            138,452     440,105
Transfer out of FVTOCI                                                                                            –      (2,232)                 –      (2,232)
Balance, end of period                                                                              $        16,679 $ 2,044,837 $          236,315 $ 2,297,831

June 30, 2025
Balance, beginning of period                                                                        $        34,075 $       917,297 $      118,685 $ 1,070,057
Other comprehensive income (loss)                                                                            12,764         243,074        (94,265)    161,573
Transfer out of FVTOCI                                                                                            –         (18,871)             –     (18,871)
Balance, end of period                                                                              $        46,839 $ 1,141,500 $           24,420 $ 1,212,759

Amounts are recorded net of tax.


Note 14. Risk management

The risk management policies and procedures of the Company are discussed in the Financial Risk section of the
Company’s Management’s Discussion and Analysis contained in the Second Quarter 2026 Report to Shareholders
and in Note 22 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in the 2025 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report and have not
changed significantly since December 31, 2025.


Note 15. Fair value of financial instruments

Fair values are management’s estimates and are calculated using market conditions at a specific point in time and
may not reflect future fair values. The calculations are subjective in nature, involve uncertainties and are matters of
significant judgment.
All financial instruments measured at fair value and those for which fair value is disclosed are classified into one of three
levels that distinguish fair value measurements by the significance of the inputs used for valuation.
Fair value is determined based on the price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability in the most
advantageous market, utilizing a hierarchy of three different valuation techniques, based on the lowest level input that
is significant to the fair value measurement in its entirety.
    Level 1 – Unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities;
    Level 2 – Observable inputs other than Level 1 quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets;




                                                                                                                                                                    PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
              quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active; or inputs other
              than quoted prices that are observable or corroborated by observable market data; and
    Level 3 – Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity. Valuation techniques are primarily
              model-based.
Markets are considered inactive when transactions are not occurring with sufficient regularity. Inactive markets may
be characterized by a significant decline in the volume and level of observed trading activity or through large or
erratic bid/offer spreads. In those instances where traded markets are not considered sufficiently active, fair value is
measured using valuation models which may utilize predominantly observable market inputs (Level 2) or may utilize
predominantly non-observable market inputs (Level 3). Management considers all reasonably available information
including indicative broker quotations, any available pricing for similar instruments, recent arm’s length market


        IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2026 SECOND QUARTER REPORT | NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                                     69
                         P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                                 C  67
                              transactions, any relevant observable market inputs, and internal model-based estimates. Management exercises
                              judgment in determining the most appropriate inputs and the weighting ascribed to each input as well as in the
                              selection of valuation methodologies.
                              Fair value is determined using the following methods and assumptions:
                                 Other investments and other financial assets and financial liabilities are valued using quoted prices from active
                                 markets, when available. When a quoted market price is not readily available, valuation techniques are used that
                                 require assumptions related to discount rates and the timing and amount of future cash flows. Wherever possible,
                                 observable market inputs are used in the valuation techniques.

                                 Loans classified as Level 2 are valued using market interest rates for loans with similar credit risk and maturity.

                                 Loans classified as Level 3 are valued by discounting the expected future cash flows at prevailing market yields.

                                 Valuation methods used for Other investments classified as Level 3 include comparison to market transactions with
                                 arm’s length third parties, use of market multiples, and discounted cash flow analysis.

                                 Obligations to securitization entities are valued by discounting the expected future cash flows at prevailing market
                                 yields for securities issued by these securitization entities having similar terms and characteristics.

                                 Long-term debt is valued using quoted prices for each debenture available in the market.

                                 Derivative financial instruments are valued based on quoted market prices, where available, prevailing market rates
                                 for instruments with similar characteristics and maturities, or discounted cash flow analysis.

                              Level 1 financial instruments include exchange-traded equity investments and open-end investment fund units and
                              other financial liabilities in instances where there are quoted prices available from active markets.
                              Level 2 assets and liabilities include fixed income securities, loans, derivative financial instruments and long-term
                              debt. The fair value of fixed income securities is determined using quoted market prices or independent dealer price
                              quotes. The fair value of derivative financial instruments is determined using valuation models, discounted cash flow
                              methodologies, or similar techniques using primarily observable market inputs. The fair value of long-term debt is
                              determined using indicative broker quotes.
                              Level 3 assets and liabilities include investments with little or no trading activity valued using broker-dealer quotes,
                              loans, other financial assets, obligations to securitization entities and derivative financial instruments. Derivative financial
                              instruments consist of principal reinvestment account swaps which represent the component of a swap entered into
                              under the CMB Program whereby the Company pays coupons on Canada Mortgage Bonds and receives investment
                              returns on the reinvestment of repaid mortgage principal. Fair value is determined by discounting the projected cash
                              flows of the swaps. The notional amount, which is an input used to determine the fair value of the swap, is determined
                              using an average unobservable prepayment rate of 15% which is based on historical prepayment patterns. An increase
                              (decrease) in the assumed mortgage prepayment rate increases (decreases) the notional amount of the swap. Level 3
                              Other investments of $2,766 million are predominantly comprised of early-stage financial technology companies,
                              including Wealthsimple with a fair value of $2,592 million. Fair value is determined by using observable transactions




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                              in the investments’ securities, where available, discounted cash flows, and other valuation metrics, including revenue
                              multiples, used in the valuation of comparable public companies. A 5% increase (decrease) to forecasted cash flows or
                              revenue multiples would result in an increase (decrease) in fair value of the Company’s investment in Wealthsimple of
                              approximately $130 million.
                              The following table presents the carrying amounts and fair values of financial assets and financial liabilities, including
                              their levels in the fair value hierarchy. The table distinguishes between those financial instruments recorded at fair value
                              and those recorded at amortized cost. The table also excludes fair value information for financial assets and financial
                              liabilities not measured at fair value if the carrying amount is a reasonable approximation of fair value. These items
                              include cash and cash equivalents, client funds on deposit, accounts and other receivables, certain other financial
                              assets, accounts payable and accrued liabilities, client deposits, and certain other financial liabilities.


                              70 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2026 SECOND QUARTER REPORT | NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                   C  68                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
                                                                                                                                                        Fair value
                                                                                             Carrying
                                                                                                value               Level 1       Level 2     Level 3        Total
June 30, 2026
Financial assets recorded at fair value
 Other investments
   – FVTOCI                                                                              $ 2,765,926          $          – $           – $ 2,765,926 $ 2,765,926
   – FVTPL                                                                                   145,081               145,081             –           –     145,081
 Loans
   – FVTPL                                                                                      17,718                      –     17,718           –       17,718
 Derivative financial instruments                                                               80,651                      –     78,068       2,583       80,651
Financial assets recorded at amortized cost
 Loans
   – Amortized cost                                                                        5,165,588                        –    509,131    4,811,152   5,320,283
Financial liabilities recorded at fair value
 Derivative financial instruments                                                               10,993                      –      5,360       5,633       10,993
Financial liabilities recorded at amortized cost
 Obligations to securitization entities                                                    4,707,315                        –           –   4,837,350   4,837,350
 Long-term debt                                                                            2,800,000                        –   2,857,185           –   2,857,185

December 31, 2025
Financial assets recorded at fair value
 Other investments
   – FVTOCI                                                                              $ 2,412,868          $          – $           – $ 2,412,868 $ 2,412,868
   – FVTPL                                                                                   109,252               109,252             –           –     109,252
 Derivative financial instruments                                                             69,961                     –        66,874       3,087      69,961
Financial assets recorded at amortized cost
 Loans
   – Amortized cost                                                                        5,262,064                        –    499,359    4,890,342   5,389,701
Financial liabilities recorded at fair value
 Derivative financial instruments                                                               15,150                      –      7,665       7,485       15,150
Financial liabilities recorded at amortized cost
 Obligations to securitization entities                                                    4,815,312                        –           –   4,916,463   4,916,463
 Long-term debt                                                                            2,400,000                        –   2,441,727           –   2,441,727

There were no significant transfers between Level 1 and Level 2 in 2026 and 2025.




                                                                                                                                                                     PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.




         IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2026 SECOND QUARTER REPORT | NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                                     71
                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                               C  69
                              The following table provides a summary of changes in Level 3 assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring
                              basis. There were no transfers in or out of Level 3 in 2026 and 2025.
                                                                                                                                Gains (losses)
                                                                                                                                    included
                                                                                                      Gains (losses)                 in Other             Purchases
                                                                                     Balance           included in             comprehensive                    and                                    Balance
                                                                                   January 1          Net earnings (1)                income              issuances           Settlements              June 30
                              June 30, 2026
                              Other investments
                               – FVTOCI                                        $ 2,412,868 $                         – $                354,704 $                5,893 $                7,539 $       2,765,926
                              Derivative financial instruments, net                 (4,398)                      1,209                        –                    125                    (14)           (3,050)

                              June 30, 2025
                              Other investments
                               – FVTOCI                                        $ 1,350,376 $                          – $               279,831 $                6,847 $                25,560 $      1,611,494
                              Derivative financial instruments, net                 (3,594)                        (197)                      –                    (74)                  2,426           (6,291)
                              (1) Included in Wealth management revenue or Net investment income and other in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.




                              Note 16. Earnings per common share

                                                                                                                                             Three months ended                             Six months ended
                                                                                                                                                        June 30                                      June 30
                                                                                                                                                  2026               2025                   2026          2025
                              Earnings
                               Net earnings                                                                                           $      262,996 $ 248,580                      $    548,307 $ 484,021
                               Non-controlling interest                                                                                       (1,544)   (1,871)                           (3,039)   (3,535)
                               Net earnings available to common shareholders                                                          $      261,452 $ 246,709                      $    545,268 $ 480,486
                              Number of common shares (in thousands)
                               Weighted average number of common shares outstanding                                                          232,257             236,435                 233,199       236,850
                               Add: Potential exercise of outstanding stock options(1)                                                         1,630                 801                   1,486           881
                               Average number of common shares outstanding – diluted basis                                                   233,887             237,236                 234,685       237,731
                              Earnings per common share (in dollars)
                               Basic                                                                                                  $            1.13 $             1.04          $        2.34 $        2.03
                               Diluted                                                                                                $            1.12 $             1.04          $        2.32 $        2.02
                              (1) Excludes 44 thousand shares for the three months ended June 30, 2026, related to outstanding stock options that were anti-dilutive (2025 – 182 thousand).
                                  Excludes 82 thousand shares for the six months ended June 30, 2026, related to outstanding stock options that were anti-dilutive (2025 – 135 thousand).




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.




                              72    IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2026 SECOND QUARTER REPORT | NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


                                   C  70                                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
Note 17. Contingent liabilities

The Company is subject to legal actions arising in the normal course of its business. In December 2018, a proposed
class action was filed in the Ontario Superior Court against Mackenzie Financial Corporation (Mackenzie) which alleges
that the company should not have paid mutual fund trailing commissions to order execution only dealers. This action
was certified in January 2024. In August 2022, a second proposed class action concerning the same subject matter was
filed against Mackenzie.
In late March 2023, the Company was notified by one of our third-party vendors, InvestorCOM Inc., that they were
compromised due to a cybersecurity incident related to a technology supplier to InvestorCOM, GoAnywhere. The
Company has notified impacted clients and offered credit monitoring at no cost for all clients. Four proposed class
actions have been filed against Mackenzie concerning this incident, two of which have been certified, in October 2025
and June 2026, respectively.
Although it is difficult to predict the outcome of any such legal actions, based on current knowledge, management
does not expect the outcome of any of these matters, individually or in aggregate, to have a material adverse effect
on the Company’s consolidated financial position.


Note 18. Segmented information

The Company’s reportable segments are:
• Wealth Management
• Asset Management
• Corporate and Other
These segments reflect the Company’s internal financial reporting and performance measurement.
• Wealth Management – reflects the activities of its core business and strategic investments that are principally focused
  on providing financial planning and related services to retail client households. This segment includes the activities
  of IG Wealth Management which is a retail distribution organization that serves Canadian households through its
  investment dealer and other subsidiaries licensed to distribute financial products and services. A majority of the
  revenues of this segment are derived from providing financial advice and distributing financial products and services
  to Canadian households. This segment also includes the investment management activities of these organizations,
  including mutual fund management and discretionary portfolio management services. This segment also includes
  the Company’s strategic investments in Rockefeller and Wealthsimple. Rockefeller is classified as an investment in
  associate and accounted for using the equity method, with the proportionate share of earnings included in revenue.
  Wealthsimple is classified as an investment which is accounted for at FVTOCI and therefore has no impact on the
  segment earnings.
• Asset Management – reflects the activities of its core business and strategic investments primarily focused on
  providing investment management services. This segment includes the operations of Mackenzie Investments
  which provides investment management services to a suite of investment funds that are distributed through third




                                                                                                                                     PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
  party dealers and financial advisors, and through institutional advisory mandates to financial institutions, pensions
  and other institutional investors. This segment also includes the Company’s strategic investment in ChinaAMC
  and Northleaf which are classified as investments in associates and accounted for using the equity method. The
  proportionate share of earnings on these investments are included in the segment’s revenue.
• Corporate and Other – primarily represents investments in Great West and Portage Ventures LPs, the Company’s
  unallocated capital, as well as consolidation elimination entries.




        IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2026 SECOND QUARTER REPORT | NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS      73
                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6   C  71
                              2026
                                                                                                    Wealth              Asset             Corporate                 Total
                              Three months ended June 30                                       Management         Management              and Other              Segment             Adjustments (1)       Total
                              Revenues
                               Wealth management                                           $      777,110 $                      – $           (5,667) $          771,443 $                     – $     771,443

                               Asset management                                                             –          308,596               (28,552)             280,044                       –       280,044
                               Dealer compensation                                                          –          (85,417)                (2,226)            (87,643)                      –       (87,643)
                               Net asset management                                                         –          223,179               (30,778)             192,401                       –       192,401

                               Net investment income and other                                        3,093               9,718                5,932                18,743                 8,925         27,668
                               Proportionate share of associates’ earnings                               89              51,600               31,292                82,981                (7,430)        75,551
                                                                                                  780,292              284,497                     779         1,065,568                   1,495       1,067,063
                              Expenses
                               Advisory and business development                                  333,672                25,856                    (2)            359,526                      –        359,526
                               Operations and support                                             121,115                95,245                  603              216,963                 94,255        311,218
                               Sub-advisory                                                        61,361                 5,783              (36,447)              30,697                      –         30,697
                                                                                                  516,148              126,884               (35,846)             607,186                 94,255        701,441
                                                                                                  264,144              157,613                36,625              458,382                (92,760)       365,622
                              Interest expense(2)                                                  27,101                6,727                     –               33,828                      –         33,828
                              Earnings before income taxes                                        237,043              150,886                36,625              424,554                (92,760)       331,794
                              Income taxes                                                         62,626               28,963                 1,439               93,028                (24,230)        68,798
                                                                                                  174,417              121,923                35,186              331,526                (68,530)       262,996
                              Non-controlling interest                                                  –               (1,544)                    –               (1,544)                     –         (1,544)
                                                                                           $      174,417 $            120,379 $              35,186              329,982                (68,530)       261,452
                              Great West other items(1)                                                                                                             (6,526)                6,526              –
                              Restructuring and other, net of tax(1)                                                                                               (70,058)               70,058              –
                              Rockefeller equity compensation         (1)
                                                                                                                                                                       (904)                 904              –
                              Gain on partial sale of investment in associates,
                              net of tax(1)                                                                                                                           8,958               (8,958)             –
                              Net earnings available to common shareholders                                                                                $      261,452 $                     – $     261,452
                              (1) The proportionate share of Great West other items, Restructuring and other, Rockefeller equity compensation and Gain on partial sale of investment in associates
                                  are not related to a specific segment and therefore excluded from segment results. These items have been adjusted to reconcile Total Segment results to the
                                  Company’s Consolidated Statements of Earnings.
                              (2) Interest expense includes interest on long-term debt and interest on leases.




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.




                              74     IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2026 SECOND QUARTER REPORT | NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


                                   C  72                                             P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
2025
                                                                          Wealth              Asset             Corporate               Total
Three months ended June 30                                            Management        Management              and Other            Segment     Adjustments (1)       Total
Revenues
 Wealth management                                                $      653,004 $                     – $           (3,548) $       649,456 $              – $     649,456

 Asset management                                                                 –           280,097               (26,281)         253,816                –       253,816
 Dealer compensation                                                              –           (80,870)                (1,439)        (82,309)               –       (82,309)
 Net asset management                                                             –           199,227               (27,720)         171,507                –       171,507

 Net investment income and other                                            2,199               5,011                 4,455           11,665               –         11,665
 Proportionate share of associates’ earnings                                 (377)             39,015                27,431           66,069          (5,977)        60,092
                                                                         654,826              243,253                    618         898,697          (5,977)       892,720
Expenses
 Advisory and business development                                       283,452               21,346                     (2)        304,796                –       304,796
 Operations and support                                                  116,136               95,416                   807          212,359                –       212,359
 Sub-advisory                                                             51,574                2,841               (31,268)          23,147                –        23,147
                                                                         451,162              119,603               (30,463)         540,302                –       540,302
                                                                         203,664              123,650                31,081          358,395          (5,977)       352,418
Interest expense(2)                                                       25,763                6,497                     –           32,260               –         32,260
Earnings before income taxes                                             177,901              117,153                31,081          326,135          (5,977)       320,158
Income taxes                                                              47,043               23,548                   987           71,578               –         71,578
                                                                         130,858               93,605                30,094          254,557          (5,977)       248,580
Non-controlling interest                                                       –               (1,871)                    –           (1,871)              –         (1,871)
                                                                  $      130,858 $             91,734 $              30,094          252,686          (5,977)       246,709
Great West other items(1)                                                                                                              (5,977)         5,977               –
Net earnings available to common shareholders                                                                                    $   246,709 $              – $     246,709
(1) The proportionate share of Great West other items is not related to a specific segment and therefore excluded from segment results. This item has been adjusted
    to reconcile Total Segment results to the Company’s Consolidated Statements of Earnings.
(2) Interest expense includes interest on long-term debt and interest on leases.




                                                                                                                                                                                PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.




          IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2026 SECOND QUARTER REPORT | NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                                               75
                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                                     C  73
                              2026
                                                                                                    Wealth              Asset             Corporate                 Total
                              Six months ended June 30                                         Management         Management              and Other              Segment             Adjustments (1)       Total
                              Revenues
                               Wealth management                                           $ 1,511,857 $                         – $         (10,681) $ 1,501,176 $                             – $ 1,501,176

                               Asset management                                                             –          611,717               (56,231)             555,486                       –       555,486
                               Dealer compensation                                                          –         (170,470)                (4,227)           (174,697)                      –      (174,697)
                               Net asset management                                                         –          441,247               (60,458)             380,789                       –       380,789

                               Net investment income and other                                       5,953               11,496               11,673               29,122                  8,925         38,047
                               Proportionate share of associates’ earnings                          (2,403)              93,689               61,541              152,827                 (7,873)       144,954
                                                                                                1,515,407              546,432                  2,075          2,063,914                   1,052       2,064,966
                              Expenses
                               Advisory and business development                                  645,136               52,924                     (4)            698,056                      –        698,056
                               Operations and support                                             247,339              200,230                 1,026              448,595                 94,255        542,850
                               Sub-advisory                                                       119,500               10,465               (71,140)              58,825                      –         58,825
                                                                                                1,011,975              263,619               (70,118)          1,205,476                  94,255       1,299,731
                                                                                                  503,432              282,813                72,193              858,438                (93,203)       765,235
                              Interest expense(2)                                                  52,757               13,135                     –               65,892                      –         65,892
                              Earnings before income taxes                                        450,675              269,678                72,193              792,546                (93,203)       699,343
                              Income taxes                                                        120,196               52,206                 2,864              175,266                (24,230)       151,036
                                                                                                  330,479              217,472                69,329              617,280                (68,973)       548,307
                              Non-controlling interest                                                  –               (3,039)                    –               (3,039)                     –         (3,039)
                                                                                           $      330,479 $            214,433 $              69,329              614,241                (68,973)       545,268
                              Great West other items(1)                                                                                                             (6,969)                6,969              –
                              Restructuring and other, net of tax(1)                                                                                               (70,058)               70,058              –
                              Rockefeller equity compensation         (1)
                                                                                                                                                                       (904)                 904              –
                              Gain on partial sale of investment in associates,
                              net of tax(1)                                                                                                                           8,958               (8,958)             –
                              Net earnings available to common shareholders                                                                                $      545,268 $                     – $     545,268

                              Identifiable assets                                          $ 13,224,489 $ 4,156,834 $ 1,761,912 $ 19,143,235 $                                                  – $ 19,143,235
                              Goodwill                                                          1,346,245            1,290,526                        –        2,636,771                        –      2,636,771
                              Total assets                                                 $ 14,570,734 $ 5,447,360 $ 1,761,912 $ 21,780,006 $                                                  – $ 21,780,006
                              (1) The proportionate share of Great West other items, Restructuring and other, Rockefeller equity compensation and Gain on partial sale of investment in associates
                                  are not related to a specific segment and therefore excluded from segment results. These items have been adjusted to reconcile Total Segment results to the
                                  Company’s Consolidated Statements of Earnings.
                              (2) Interest expense includes interest on long-term debt and interest on leases.




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.




                              76     IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2026 SECOND QUARTER REPORT | NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


                                   C  74                                             P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
2025
                                                                         Wealth              Asset             Corporate                Total
Six months ended June 30                                             Management        Management              and Other             Segment     Adjustments (1)        Total
Revenues
 Wealth management                                               $ 1,295,835 $                        – $           (6,895) $ 1,288,940 $                   – $ 1,288,940

 Asset management                                                                –           564,538               (52,790)           511,748               –        511,748
 Dealer compensation                                                             –          (164,602)                (2,799)         (167,401)              –       (167,401)
 Net asset management                                                            –           399,936               (55,589)          344,347                –       344,347

 Net investment income and other                                           4,226               6,476                 8,695            19,397               –         19,397
 Proportionate share of associates’ earnings                              (4,092)             77,938                51,951           125,797          (9,962)       115,835
                                                                      1,295,969              484,350                (1,838)         1,778,481         (9,962)      1,768,519
Expenses
 Advisory and business development                                      558,511               47,544                     (4)         606,051                –       606,051
 Operations and support                                                 234,029              191,071                 1,624           426,724                –       426,724
 Sub-advisory                                                           103,111                5,684               (62,484)           46,311                –        46,311
                                                                        895,651              244,299               (60,864)         1,079,086               –      1,079,086
                                                                        400,318              240,051                59,026           699,395          (9,962)       689,433
Interest expense(2)                                                      51,280               12,954                     –            64,234               –         64,234
Earnings before income taxes                                            349,038              227,097                59,026           635,161          (9,962)       625,199
Income taxes                                                             93,917               45,348                 1,913           141,178               –        141,178
                                                                        255,121              181,749                57,113           493,983          (9,962)       484,021
Non-controlling interest                                                      –               (3,535)                    –            (3,535)              –         (3,535)
                                                                 $      255,121 $            178,214 $              57,113           490,448          (9,962)       480,486
Great West other items(1)                                                                                                              (9,962)         9,962               –
Net earnings available to common shareholders                                                                                   $    480,486 $              – $     480,486

Identifiable assets                                              $ 12,260,265 $ 3,863,637 $ 1,396,333 $ 17,520,235 $                                        – $ 17,520,235
Goodwill                                                              1,346,245           1,290,526                        –        2,636,771               –      2,636,771
Total assets                                                     $ 13,606,510 $ 5,154,163 $ 1,396,333 $ 20,157,006 $                                        – $ 20,157,006
(1) The proportionate share of Great West other items is not related to a specific segment and therefore excluded from segment results. These items have been
    adjusted to reconcile Total Segment results to the Company’s Consolidated Statements of Earnings.
(2) Interest expense includes interest on long-term debt and interest on leases.




                                                                                                                                                                                PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.




          IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2026 SECOND QUARTER REPORT | NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                                               77
                                P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                                      C  75
                              Note 19. Subsequent event

                              Northleaf Capital Group Ltd.
                              As at June 30, 2026, the Company, through an acquisition vehicle owned 80% by Mackenzie and 20% by Great West,
                              held a 49.9% voting interest and a 70% economic interest (56% net of NCI) in Northleaf, which was accounted for using
                              the equity method. As a result of a series of transactions subsequent to June 30, 2026, the Company’s voting interest was
                              aligned with its economic interest, and the Company will therefore consolidate Northleaf beginning on July 1, 2026.
                              The transactions also increased the Company’s ownership in Northleaf, net of NCI, by 4.9% to 60.9% for cash consideration
                              of $43 million. These transactions were conducted at fair market value and will be accounted for as a business combination
                              achieved in stages under IFRS 3, Business Combinations.
                              The Company will derecognize its existing interest in Northleaf, resulting in an accounting gain of approximately
                              $187 million, or $149 million net of NCI, representing the difference between the fair value of its previously held
                              interest of approximately $495 million and its carrying value of $345 million.
                              The estimated acquisition date fair value of Northleaf, which the Company will consolidate, is $884 million, comprised
                              of cash consideration of $43 million, the fair value of the existing investment of approximately $495 million, and
                              non-controlling interests valued at approximately $346 million, representing a 39.1% interest in Northleaf. The purchase
                              price allocation, including the determination of the fair value of identifiable assets acquired, liabilities assumed, and
                              resulting goodwill, has not yet been finalized and will be disclosed in the reporting period in which the acquisition
                              is recognized.
                              As the transaction was completed after June 30, 2026, no amounts have been recognized in the current period in
                              respect of the acquisition.




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.




                              78   IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2026 SECOND QUARTER REPORT | NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


                                   C  76                                P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — S E C O N D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
Corporate Information


Power Corporation of Canada
751 Victoria Square                                                161 Bay Street, Suite 5000
Montréal, Quebec, Canada H2Y 2J3                                   Toronto, Ontario, Canada M5J 2S1
514-286-7400                                                       416-607-2250
1-800-890-7440
corporate.secretary@powercorp.com


www.powercorporation.com




This document is also available on the Corporation’s website       TRANSFER AGENT AND REGISTRAR
and on SEDAR+ at www.sedarplus.ca.                                 Computershare Investor Services Inc.

STOCK LISTINGS                                                     Offices in:

Shares of Power Corporation of Canada are listed on the            Montréal, Quebec; Toronto, Ontario;

Toronto Stock Exchange:                                            Vancouver, British Columbia
                                                                   www.investorcentre.com
Subordinate Voting Shares:          POW
Participating Preferred Shares: POW.PR.E                           SHAREHOLDER SERVICES
                                                                   Shareholders with questions relating to the payment of
First Preferred Shares, Series A: POW.PR.A
                                                                   dividends, change of address, share certificates, direct registration
First Preferred Shares, Series B: POW.PR.B
                                                                   and estate transfers should contact the Transfer Agent:
First Preferred Shares, Series C: POW.PR.C
First Preferred Shares, Series D: POW.PR.D                         Computershare Investor Services Inc.
First Preferred Shares, Series G: POW.PR.G                         Shareholder Services
First Preferred Shares, Series H: POW.PR.H                         320 Bay Street, 14th Floor
First Preferred Shares, Series I: POW.PR.I                         Toronto, Ontario, Canada M5H 4A6
                                                                   1-800-564-6253 (toll-free in Canada and the U.S.)
                                                                   or 514-982-7555
                                                                   www.computershare.com




                      Power Corporation of Canada is a certified
                      Imagine Canada Caring Company,
                      recognized for leadership and excellence
                      in community investment.




To learn more about the organizations we support, visit
www.PowerCorporationCommunity.com
