  THIRD
 QUARTER
  REPORT
   2025




F OR TH E P E R I O D E N DE D
  SE P TE M B E R 3 0 , 20 25
            Power Corporation of Canada




                                                                                                    PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                TABLE OF CONTENTS




This document contains management’s discussion and analysis of the
ﬁnancial condition, ﬁnancial performance and cash ﬂows of Power Corporation
of Canada (the Corporation) for the three months and nine months ended
September 30, 2025 and the unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial
statements of the Corporation as at and for the three months and nine months
ended September 30, 2025. This document has been ﬁled with the securities
regulatory authorities in each of the provinces and territories of Canada and
is available under the Corporation’s proﬁle on SEDAR+, at www.sedarplus.ca.




                                                                                                    PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
Power Corporation of Canada
PART A



Great-West Lifeco Inc.
PART B



IGM Financial Inc.
PART C




                                                                                                    PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.




P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5     1
The trademarks contained in this report are owned by Power Corporation of Canada or by a Member of
the Power Corporation Group of Companies®. Trademarks that are not owned by Power Corporation are
used with permission.




     2                                     P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
            Power Corporation of Canada




                                                                                                     PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                   PART A




Management’s Discussion and Analysis
PAGE A 2



Financial Statements and Notes
PAGE A 82




P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5   A  1
                                       POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA


                                       MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND AN ALYSIS




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       Abbreviations used throughout this Management’s Discussion and Analysis (MD&A) are defined in the section “Abbreviations”.

                                       CAU TIONAR Y STATEMENT R EGARDING F OR WAR D-LOOKING S TATEMENTS
                                       Certain statements in this MD&A, other than statements of historical fact, are forward-looking statements based on certain assumptions and reflect the Corporation’s current
                                       expectations, or with respect to disclosure regarding the Corporation’s public subsidiaries, reflect such subsidiaries’ current expectations as disclosed in their respective
                                       MD&A. Forward-looking statements are provided for the purposes of assisting the reader in understanding the Corporation’s financial performance, financial position and
                                       cash flows as at and for the periods ended on certain dates and to present information about management’s current expectations and plans relating to the future, and the
                                       reader is cautioned that such statements may not be appropriate for other purposes. These statements may include, without limitation, statements regarding the operations,
                                       business, financial condition, expected financial results, performance, prospects, opportunities, priorities, targets, goals, ongoing objectives, strategies and outlook of the
                                       Corporation and its subsidiaries including the outlook for North American and international economies for the current fiscal year and subsequent periods, the Corporation’s
                                       NCIB commenced in 2025, statements concerning deferred taxes, the fintech strategy, fundraising activities and investment strategies of the investment platforms, capital
                                       commitments by the Power group and third parties, the expected timing and impact of SHMI’s investment in Unigestion, GBL’s strategy to simplify its portfolio and expected
                                       timing and impact of its partial divestment of GBL Capital’s portfolio, and its sale of Sienna Gestion and Sienna Private Credit, the expected impacts of GBL’s and Baird’s
                                       investment in SHMI, and the Corporation’s subsidiaries’ disclosed expectations including Lifeco’s NCIB and the Corporation’s participation therein, and its business
                                       transformation and other costs. Forward-looking statements include statements that are predictive in nature, depend upon or refer to future events or conditions, or include
                                       words such as “expects”, “anticipates”, “plans”, “believes”, “estimates”, “seeks”, “intends”, “targets”, “projects”, “forecasts” or negative versions thereof and other similar
                                       expressions, or future or conditional verbs such as “may”, “will”, “should”, “would” and “could”.
                                       By its nature, this information is subject to inherent risks and uncertainties that may be general or specific and which give rise to the possibility that expectations, forecasts,
                                       predictions, projections or conclusions will not prove to be accurate, that assumptions may not be correct and that objectives, strategic goals and priorities will not be
                                       achieved. A variety of factors, many of which are beyond the Corporation’s and its subsidiaries’ control, affect the operations, performance and results of the Corporation
                                       and its subsidiaries and their businesses, and could cause actual results to differ materially from current expectations of estimated or anticipated events or results. These
                                       factors include, but are not limited to: the impact or unanticipated impact of general economic, political and market factors in North America and internationally, fluctuations
                                       in interest rates, inflation and foreign exchange rates, monetary policies, business investment and the health of local and global equity and capital markets, management of
                                       market liquidity and funding risks, risks related to investments in private companies and illiquid securities, risks associated with financial instruments, changes in accounting
                                       policies and methods used to report financial condition (including uncertainties associated with significant judgments, estimates and assumptions), the effect of applying
                                       future accounting changes, business competition, operational and reputational risks, technological changes, cybersecurity risks, changes in government administrations,
                                       regulation, legislation and policies, changes in tax laws, the impact of trade relations and ongoing trade tensions, including the threat of tariffs and other governmental
                                       actions, as well as retaliatory actions, unexpected judicial or regulatory proceedings, catastrophic events, man-made disasters, terrorist attacks, wars and other conflicts, or
                                       an outbreak of a public health pandemic or other public health crises, the Corporation’s and its subsidiaries’ ability to complete strategic transactions, integrate acquisitions
                                       and implement other growth strategies, the Corporation’s and its subsidiaries’ success in anticipating and managing the foregoing factors, and with respect to forward-
                                       looking statements of the Corporation’s subsidiaries disclosed in this MD&A, the factors identified by such subsidiaries in their respective MD&A.
                                       The reader is cautioned to consider these and other factors, uncertainties and potential events carefully and not to put undue reliance on forward-looking statements.
                                       Information contained in forward-looking statements is based upon certain material assumptions that were applied in drawing a conclusion or making a forecast or
                                       projection, including management’s perceptions of historical trends, current conditions and expected future developments, and that strategic transactions, acquisitions,
                                       divestitures or other growth or optimization strategies will be completed on expected terms, including that any required approvals will be received when and on such terms
                                       as are expected, as well as other considerations that are believed to be appropriate in the circumstances. Other considerations also include the availability of cash to
                                       complete purchases under the NCIB, that the list of risks and uncertainties in the previous paragraph, collectively, are not expected to have a material impact on the
                                       Corporation, and with respect to forward-looking statements of the Corporation’s subsidiaries disclosed in this MD&A, that the risks identified by such subsidiaries in their
                                       respective MD&A and Annual Information Form are not expected to have a material impact on the Corporation. While the Corporation considers these assumptions to be
                                       reasonable based on information currently available to management, they may prove to be incorrect.
                                       Other than as specifically required by applicable Canadian law, the Corporation undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect events or
                                       circumstances after the date on which such statement is made, or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events, whether as a result of new information, future events or
                                       results, or otherwise.
                                       Additional information about the risks and uncertainties of the Corporation’s business and material factors or assumptions on which information contained in forward-
                                       looking statements is based is provided in its disclosure materials, including this MD&A and its most recent Annual Information Form, filed with the securities regulatory
                                       authorities in Canada and available at www.sedarplus.ca.

                                       S TATEMENT R EG AR DING NON- IFRS F INANCIAL MEASUR ES AND OTHER MEAS UR ES
                                       This MD&A contains financial measures (including ratios) that do not have a standard meaning under International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS). Terms by which
                                       non-IFRS financial measures are identified include, but are not limited to, “adjusted net earnings from continuing operations (adjusted net earnings)”, “adjusted net earnings
                                       from continuing operations per share (adjusted net earnings per share)”, “adjusted net asset value”, “adjusted net asset value per share”, “consolidated assets under
                                       management and advisement”, “consolidated assets and assets under administration” and “fee-related earnings”. Management uses these financial measures in its
                                       presentation and analysis of the financial performance, financial condition and cash flows of Power Corporation, and believes that they provide additional meaningful
                                       information to readers in their analysis of the results of the Corporation. These non-IFRS financial measures may not be comparable to similar measures used by other
                                       entities. Refer to the section “Non-IFRS Financial Measures” in this MD&A for the appropriate reconciliations of these non-IFRS financial measures to measures prescribed
                                       by IFRS as well as additional details on each measure. Reconciliations of the adjusted net asset value and the holding company balance sheet are also included in the section
                                       “Adjusted Net Asset Value”.
                                       Adjusted net earnings from continuing operations (or adjusted net earnings) represents net earnings from continuing operations excluding Adjustments. In 2024, the
                                       Corporation modified the definition of adjusted net earnings, a non-IFRS earnings measure. The comparative periods presented herein have been restated to conform with
                                       the current definition. Refer to the Corporation’s 2024 Annual MD&A for additional information.
                                       In the first quarter of 2025, the Corporation enhanced the disclosure of the components of consolidated assets and assets under administration to provide greater visibility
                                       of the assets managed within the Corporation’s consolidated businesses. The comparative periods have been restated to conform with the current presentation.
                                       This MD&A also includes other measures used to discuss activities of the Corporation, its consolidated publicly traded operating companies and alternative asset investment
                                       platforms including, but not limited to, “assets under management”, “assets under administration”, “assets under management and advisement”, “assets under management
                                       and advisement including strategic investments”, “book value per participating share”, “carried interest”, “fee-bearing capital”, “market capitalization”, “net asset value”, “net
                                       carried interest”, “unfunded commitments” and “weighted average management fee rate”. In addition, the presentation of the holding company is used to present and
                                       analyze the financial position and cash flows of Power Corporation as a holding company. Refer to the section “Other Measures” in this MD&A for a definition of each
                                       measure.




                                             A  2                                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


NOVEMBER 12, 2025
ALL TABULAR AMOUNTS ARE IN MILLIONS OF CANADIAN DOLLARS, UNLESS OTHERWISE NOTED.




                                                                                                                                 PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
The following MD&A of Power Corporation of Canada (Power Corporation or the Corporation) (TSX: POW; POW.PR.E), a
public corporation, is for the three-month and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2025. This MD&A should be read
in conjunction with the unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements of Power Corporation and notes
thereto for the three-month and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2025 (the Interim Consolidated Financial
Statements), the MD&A for the year ended December 31, 2024 (the 2024 Annual MD&A), and the audited consolidated
financial statements and notes thereto for the year ended December 31, 2024 (the 2024 Consolidated Financial Statements).
Additional information relating to Power Corporation, including its Annual Information Form, may be found on the
Corporation’s website at www.powercorporation.com and on SEDAR+ at www.sedarplus.ca.

ORGANIZATION OF THE INTERIM MD&A
The Corporation’s MD&A consists of three parts:
  Part A – Power Corporation, presented on a consolidated basis, and including a discussion of the contribution to the
    holding company from Lifeco, IGM, GBL, and its alternative asset investment platforms and other investments;
  Part B – Lifeco’s interim MD&A, as prepared and disclosed by Lifeco in accordance with applicable securities legislation,
    which is also available either directly from SEDAR+ (www.sedarplus.ca) or from Lifeco’s website (www.greatwestlifeco.com);
  Part C – IGM’s interim MD&A, as prepared and disclosed by IGM in accordance with applicable securities legislation,
    which is also available either directly from SEDAR+ (www.sedarplus.ca) or from IGM’s website (www.igmfinancial.com).
Lifeco (TSX: GWO) and IGM (TSX: IGM) are public companies listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange. GBL is a public
company listed on the Brussels Stock Exchange (EBR: GBLB). Market capitalizations reported in the following sections are at
September 30, 2025 (refer to the section “Other Measures”).




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5   A  3
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       TABLE OF CON TEN TS




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       About the Corporation                                                         Liquidity, Capital and Risk Management
                                       5   Power Corporation of Canada                                  5            62 Cash Flows                                                   62
                                       6   Group Structure                                              6            65 Capital Management                                           65
                                       10 Table of Holdings                                             10           67 Risk Management                                              67

                                       11 Financial Highlights                                          11           68 Financial Instruments and Other Instruments                  68

                                                                                                                     69 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements                               69

                                       Consolidated Operating Results                                                69 Contingent Liabilities                                       69
                                       13 Results of Power Corporation                                  13           69 Commitments and Contractual Obligations                      69

                                       14 Consolidated Statements of Earnings                           14
                                       16 Contribution to Net Earnings and Adjusted Net Earnings        16           Accounting Policies
                                                                                                                     69 Summary of Critical Accounting Estimates and Judgments       69
                                       Review of Segments and Operating Results                                      69 Changes in Accounting Policies                               69

                                       19 Lifeco                                                        19           70 Future Accounting Changes                                    70

                                       26 IGM Financial                                                 26
                                       32 GBL                                                           32
                                       Other Components                                                              Other
                                       37 Sagard and Power Sustainable                                  37           70 Transactions with Related Parties                            70
                                       51 Other                                                         51           71 Internal Control over Financial Reporting                    71
                                                                                                                     71 Power Financial Corporation                                  71
                                       Financial Position                                                            72 Non-IFRS Financial Measures                                  72

                                       54 Consolidated Balance Sheets                                   54           74 Reconciliations of IFRS and Non-IFRS Financial Measures      74

                                       57 Holding Company Balance Sheets                                57           78 Other Measures                                               78

                                       60 Adjusted Net Asset Value                                      60           81 Summary of Quarterly Results                                 81




                                            A  4                                       P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA




                                                                                                                                   PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
OVERVIEW
Incorporated in 1925, Power Corporation (TSX: POW; POW.PR.E) is an international management and holding company that
focuses on financial services in North America, Europe and Asia. Its core holdings are leading insurance, retirement, wealth
management and investment businesses, including a portfolio of alternative asset investment platforms. Through Power
Financial, it holds a controlling interest in Lifeco and IGM and has an active fintech strategy. It also holds, jointly with the
Frère Group of Belgium, a controlling interest in GBL.
Power Corporation conducts its investment activities, built upon a network of deep and long-standing relationships, to
provide superior returns. Investment activities include investments in alternative asset managers, Sagard and Power
Sustainable, investment funds, and interests in China resulting from more than 40 years of engagement. The Corporation aims
to act as an owner with a long-term perspective and a strategic vision anchored in strong core values.
Power Corporation adheres to four overriding investing principles to pursue its objective of achieving sustainable long-term
value creation in the best interests of the Corporation:
  Long-term perspective;
  Leading franchises with attractive growth profiles;
  Strong governance oversight; and
  Prudent approach to risk management.

VALUE CREATION STRATEGY
Power Corporation’s value creation strategy is focused on financial services, designed to generate long-term sustainable
growth in earnings and dividends, and is based upon three key levers:
  Operating company organic levers: organic growth strategies at the publicly traded operating companies;
  Operating company inorganic levers: deployment and redeployment of capital; and
  Holding company levers: actions that can be taken at the Corporation and between the Corporation and its publicly
    traded operating companies and investments.
Power Corporation, through its alternative asset investment platforms, continues to develop its alternative asset management
businesses which build upon the investment capabilities that have been created over many years in several high-growth asset
classes. The alternative asset investment platforms are focused on growing their asset management businesses through
raising third-party capital and the Corporation intends to continue to provide proprietary capital to the different investment
products managed by each.




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5   A  5
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       GROUP STRUCTURE
                                       The following chart reflects the economic interests held by the Corporation at September 30, 2025, which include the
                                       operating subsidiaries (Lifeco and IGM) and its interest in GBL, held through Power Financial, and interests held through the




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       Corporation’s alternative asset investment platforms.




                                          In bold: Publicly listed holdings
                                          1 Lifeco, through Canada Life, held a 3.9% interest in IGM, and IGM held a 2.4% interest in Lifeco.
                                          2 Represents a 49.9% non-controlling voting interest. The interest in Northleaf is held through an acquisition vehicle in which Mackenzie held an 80% equity interest
                                            and Lifeco held a 20% equity interest.
                                          3 Held through Parjointco, a jointly controlled corporation (50%). Parjointco has a 48.0% voting interest in GBL. Refer to the section “GBL” for a list of investments.
                                          4 Includes a controlling interest in the Portage Ventures Funds and Wealthsimple, held through Power Financial, Lifeco and IGM.
                                          5 Refer to the section “Sagard and Power Sustainable” for a list of investments held by each investment platform.
                                          6 The Corporation held a 44.9% interest in SHMI, and Lifeco and GBL held interests of 11.2% and 4.9%, respectively. Refer to the section “Sagard and Power
                                            Sustainable”.
                                          7 The Corporation held a 74.7% interest in PSM, and Lifeco held a 20.8% interest. Refer to the section “Sagard and Power Sustainable”.




                                           A  6                                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


As a holding company, the Corporation uses adjusted net asset value 1, which presents the fair value of the participating
shareholders’ equity of the holding company, to assess the value, composition and size of its investment holdings. The charts
below present the composition and relative size of investment holdings within the Power group, as well as show the




                                                                                                                                                                   PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
composition of the assets included in the adjusted net asset value and the holding company balance sheet, which are
discussed in detail later in this MD&A.


                                                            TOTAL HOLDING COMPANY ASSETS


                IN ADJUSTED NET ASSET VALUE                                                                IN HOLDING COMPANY BALANCE SHEET




1 Adjusted net asset value is a non-IFRS financial measure. Refer to the sections “Adjusted Net Asset Value” and “Non-IFRS Financial Measures”.
2 Includes fintech investments held by the Corporation including investments in the Portage Ventures Funds, Portage Capital Solutions and Wealthsimple.
3 Includes the Corporation’s cash and cash equivalents, other assets and investments held by the holding company and its investments in standalone businesses.




                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                               A  7
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       Publicly Traded Operating Companies
                                       The Corporation holds controlling interests, through Power Financial, in Lifeco and IGM. It also has significant holdings in a




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       portfolio of European-based global companies through its investment in GBL.

                                       LIF ECO
                                       Great-West Lifeco Inc. (TSX: GWO), market capitalization of $52.0 billion (refer to the section “Other Measures”) at
                                       September 30, 2025, is a financial services holding company that provides wealth, retirement, workplace benefits and
                                       insurance and risk solutions to its over 40 million customer relationships. Lifeco operates in Canada, the United States (U.S.)
                                       and Europe under the brands Canada Life, Empower and Irish Life.
                                       At September 30, 2025, Power Financial and IGM held interests of 68.8% and 2.4%, respectively, in Lifeco’s common shares,
                                       representing approximately 65% of the voting rights attached to all outstanding Lifeco voting shares. The Insurance
                                       Companies Act limits voting rights in life insurance companies to 65%.

                                       IG M FINANCIAL
                                       IGM Financial Inc. (TSX: IGM), market capitalization of $12.0 billion at September 30, 2025, is a leading Canadian diversified
                                       wealth and asset management company supporting advisors and the clients they serve in Canada, and institutional investors
                                       globally. IGM provides a broad range of financial planning and investment management services to help approximately
                                       two million Canadians meet their financial goals. IGM’s principal operating subsidiaries are wealth manager IG Wealth
                                       Management and asset manager Mackenzie Investments. IGM also holds a number of strategic investments that provide
                                       benefits to its operating subsidiaries while furthering IGM’s growth prospects.
                                       At September 30, 2025, Power Financial and Canada Life, a subsidiary of Lifeco, held interests of 62.5% and 3.9%,
                                       respectively, in IGM’s common shares.

                                       GBL
                                       Power Financial Europe SA, a wholly owned subsidiary of Power Financial, and the Frère Group each hold a 50% interest in
                                       Parjointco. At September 30, 2025, Parjointco held a 34.2% indirect (48.0% of the voting rights) controlling interest in GBL, a
                                       Belgian holding company listed on the Brussels Stock Exchange.
                                       GBL (EBR: GBLB), market capitalization of €10.1 billion at September 30, 2025, is an established investment holding company.
                                       As a leading and active investor in Europe, GBL is focused on long-term value creation with the support of a stable family
                                       shareholder base. GBL is focused on delivering meaningful growth by providing attractive returns to its shareholders through
                                       a combination of growth in its net asset value per share, a sustainable dividend and share buybacks.




                                           A  8                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


Alternative Asset Investment Platforms
Power Corporation continues to develop alternative asset investment platforms (investment platforms) that manage portfolios




                                                                                                                                      PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
in several alternative asset classes principally in North America and Europe. The alternative asset investment platforms offer
alternative strategies to traditional long-term investment strategies. Traditional long-term investment strategies generally invest
in publicly traded shares and fixed income investments, whereas the alternative asset investment strategies include venture
capital, private equity, private credit as well as real estate and infrastructure. At September 30, 2025, the alternative asset
investment platforms had $50.4 billion of assets under management, including unfunded commitments (refer to the section
“Other Measures”).

S AG AR D
Sagard is a global multi-strategy alternative asset management firm active in venture capital, private equity, private credit and
real estate. Sagard delivers flexible capital, an entrepreneurial culture, and a global network of investors, commercial partners,
advisors, and value creation experts to its portfolio companies. Sagard also engages in private wealth management and holds
strategic interests in other alternative asset management businesses. The firm has offices in Canada, the U.S., Europe and the
Middle East. At September 30, 2025, Sagard had $46.3 billion of assets under management, including unfunded
commitments.
The asset management business of Sagard is consolidated under Sagard Holdings Management Inc. (SHMI). The Corporation
held a 44.9% controlling interest in SHMI at September 30, 2025 (50.8% at December 31, 2024). Lifeco and GBL also held
interests of 11.2% and 4.9%, respectively, in SHMI at September 30, 2025.

POWER S US TAINABLE
Power Sustainable is a sustainability-focused investment manager with offices in Canada and the U.S. Power Sustainable
finances companies and projects that aim for both competitive returns and positive sustainability outcomes, and offers
institutional investors exposure to alternative assets which aim to accelerate and scale sustainable solutions across multiple
industries. Power Sustainable invests in companies and projects that contribute to decarbonization, sustainable cities and
communities and resource efficiency, which are priorities shared by its global network of clients, asset owners, partners and
employees. Power Sustainable is currently comprised of four strategies: Power Sustainable Energy Infrastructure, Power
Sustainable Infrastructure Credit, Power Sustainable Lios (agri-food private equity) and Power Sustainable Decarb PE. At
September 30, 2025, Power Sustainable had $4.1 billion of assets under management, including unfunded commitments.
The asset management business of Power Sustainable is consolidated under Power Sustainable Manager Inc. (PSM). The
Corporation held a 74.7% controlling interest in PSM at September 30, 2025 (same as at December 31, 2024). Lifeco also held
an interest of 20.8% in PSM at September 30, 2025.

Standalone Businesses
The standalone businesses include the Corporation’s controlling interest in LMPG.




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5   A  9
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       TABLE OF HOLDINGS
                                       At September 30, 2025, the Corporation’s main holdings were as follows:




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                                     % economic
                                       Holdings                                                                          interest          Nature of investment                    Accounting method

                                       Publicly traded operating companies 1
                                          Lifeco 2                                                                            68.8         Controlling interest                    Consolidation
                                          IGM 3                                                                               62.5         Controlling interest                    Consolidation
                                                  4
                                          GBL                                                                                 17.1         Joint control                           Equity method
                                       Alternative asset investment platforms
                                          Sagard
                                             SHMI 5                                                                           44.9         Controlling interest                    Consolidation
                                                  BEX 6                                                                       45.0         Controlling interest                    Consolidation
                                                        7
                                                  PEM                                                                       100.0          Controlling interest                    Consolidation
                                                  HalseyPoint                                                                 40.0         Joint control                           Equity method
                                                               18
                                             Wealthsimple                                                                     13.7         Controlling interest                    Consolidation
                                             Portage Ventures I 1 9                                                           63.0         Controlling interest                    Consolidation
                                                                      1 10
                                             Portage Ventures II                                                              12.4         Controlling interest                    Consolidation
                                             Portage Ventures III 11                                                           2.4         Controlling interest                    Consolidation
                                                                       12
                                             Portage Ventures IV                                                               5.3         Controlling interest                    Consolidation
                                             Portage Capital Solutions 13                                                     29.2         Controlling interest                    Consolidation
                                                                14
                                             Sagard Funds                                                                 various          Investment                              Fair value through profit or loss
                                          Power Sustainable
                                             Power Sustainable Manager 15                                                     74.7         Controlling interest                    Consolidation
                                             Power Sustainable Energy
                                              Infrastructure Partnership 16                                                   28.4         Controlling interest                    Consolidation
                                             Potentia                                                                       100.0          Controlling interest                    Consolidation
                                             Nautilus                                                                       100.0          Controlling interest                    Consolidation
                                       Standalone businesses
                                          LMPG                                                                                49.6         Controlling interest                    Consolidation

                                       1 Investments held by the Corporation through Power Financial.
                                       2 IGM also held a 2.4% interest in Lifeco.
                                       3 Canada Life also held a 3.9% interest in IGM.
                                       4 Held through Parjointco, a jointly controlled corporation (50%). Parjointco holds a controlling interest in GBL.
                                       5 Lifeco and GBL also held interests of 11.2% and 4.9%, respectively, in SHMI. During the first quarter of 2025, management of Sagard acquired an additional interest of
                                         1.5% in SHMI. At September 30, 2025, management of Sagard held a fully diluted interest of 17.4% in SHMI. SHMI also has a long-term incentive program pursuant to
                                         which certain key members of management have received, or will receive in the future, compensation in the form of equity of SHMI vesting over a 5-year period.
                                       6 The Corporation, through Sagard, currently has an exercisable option to buy an additional 5.1% equity interest in BEX.
                                       7 In the third quarter of 2025, Sagard acquired the remaining interest of 62.0% in PEM.
                                       8 Portage Ventures I and IGM also held interests of 10.5% and 30.0%, respectively, in Wealthsimple (see also the section “Wealthsimple” in the section “Sagard and Power
                                         Sustainable”).
                                       9 Lifeco and IGM also held equal interests of 18.5% in Portage Ventures I.
                                       10 Power Financial held a 7.7% interest, Sagard held a 4.7% interest, and Lifeco and IGM also held equal interests of 7.7% in Portage Ventures II.
                                       11 Lifeco and IGM also held interests of 9.0% and 4.0%, respectively, in Portage Ventures III.
                                       12 Lifeco and IGM also held interests of 12.7% and 2.1%, respectively, in Portage Ventures IV.
                                       13 Lifeco and GBL also held interests of 27.9% and 4.9%, respectively, in Portage Capital Solutions.
                                       14 The Corporation holds a non-controlling interest in various funds managed by SHMI. Lifeco and GBL also hold investments in certain of these funds. Refer to the section
                                          “Asset Management Activities” in the section “Sagard and Power Sustainable” for a list of investments and the respective holdings.
                                       15 At September 30, 2025, management of Power Sustainable held a 4.5% interest in PSM. Lifeco also held an interest of 20.8% in PSM. PSM also has a long-term incentive
                                          program pursuant to which certain key members of management may receive, in the future, compensation in the form of equity of PSM vesting over a 5-year period.
                                       16 Lifeco also held a 12.9% interest in PSEIP.




                                             A  10                                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS




                                                                                                                                                                                     PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
SELECTED FINANCIAL INFORMATION
                                                                                                                                  Three months ended            Nine months ended
                                                                                                September 30,              June 30, September 30,      September 30, September 30,
(in millions of dollars; except per share and as otherwise noted)                                      2025                   2025         2024               2025          2024

Net earnings 1                                                                                              703                   772          371           2,164         1,810
Net earnings from continuing operations 1                                                                   703                   772          371           2,164         1,859
                                                                   12
Adjusted net earnings from continuing operations                                                            863                   883          693           2,533         2,142

Per share – basic 1
   Net earnings                                                                                            1.10               1.20             0.58           3.37           2.79
   Net earnings from continuing operations                                                                 1.10               1.20             0.58           3.37           2.87
   Adjusted net earnings from continuing operations 3                                                      1.35               1.38             1.07           3.95           3.30

Dividend declared (per participating share)                                                             0.6125            0.6125            0.5625          1.8375        1.6875
                      4
Dividend yield                                                                                             4.1%               4.6%             5.3%

Total consolidated assets (in billions)                                                                     917                   868          823
                                                                                2
Total consolidated assets under management and advisement (in billions)                                  1,403              1,307            1,210
Total consolidated assets and assets under administration 2 (in billions)                                3,946              3,643            3,420

Adjusted net asset value 1 2                                                                            46,206            41,564            37,435
Participating shareholders’ equity                                                                      23,501            23,043            21,977

Per share 1
   Adjusted net asset value 3                                                                            72.24              64.76            57.92
                  5
   Book value                                                                                            36.74              35.90            34.00

Market capitalization 6                                                                                 38,518            34,139            27,573

Share price (Subordinate Voting Shares)
   Ending                                                                                                60.22              53.19            42.66           60.22         42.66
   High                                                                                                  60.30              54.20            43.53           60.30         43.53
   Low                                                                                                   52.06              47.05            36.08           41.88         35.83

Number of participating shares outstanding
   End of period                                                                                         639.6              641.8            646.3           639.6         646.3
   Average                                                                                               641.1              642.1            647.1           642.1         649.0
1 Attributable to participating shareholders.
2 Non-IFRS financial measure. Refer to the section “Non-IFRS Financial Measures”.
3 Non-IFRS ratio. Refer to the section “Non-IFRS Financial Measures”.
4 Dividend yield is calculated as the annualized dividend per participating share based on the dividend declared during the reporting period divided by the share price of
  a Subordinate Voting Share at the end of the reporting period.
5 Refer to the section “Other Measures”.
6 Represents the closing price of a Subordinate Voting Share at the end of the applicable reporting period multiplied by the aggregate of Subordinate Voting Shares and
  Participating Preferred Shares outstanding.




                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                        A  11
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       SUMMARY OF THE CONTRIBUTIONS TO POWER CORPORATION’S EARNINGS FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS
                                                                                                                                                             Three months ended                             Nine months ended




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                                         September 30,                June 30,       September 30,               September 30,   September 30,
                                                                                                                                2025                     2025               2024                        2025            2024

                                       Lifeco 1                                                                                      842                  790                   724                    2,335           2,098
                                       IGM 1                                                                                         188                  158                   153                      495             430
                                       GBL                                                                                            (11)                 (15)                  (18)                     (23)            57
                                                                                        2
                                       Effect of consolidation - Lifeco and IGM                                                       (39)                  (9)                  (31)                     (53)            (59)
                                       Publicly traded operating companies                                                           980                  924                   828                    2,754           2,526


                                       Sagard and Power Sustainable                                                                   (27)                  93                   (30)                    100              (61)
                                       Standalone businesses                                                                           (2)                  (2)                  (10)                      (9)            (59)
                                                                                                                                     951               1,015                    788                    2,845           2,406
                                       Corporate operations and Other 3                                                               (88)               (132)                   (95)                   (312)           (264)
                                                                   45
                                       Adjusted net earnings                                                                         863                  883                   693                    2,533           2,142
                                       Adjustments 6                                                                                (160)                (111)                 (322)                    (369)           (283)
                                                       4
                                       Net earnings                                                                                  703                  772                   371                    2,164           1,859
                                       1 Contribution based on earnings reported by Lifeco and IGM.
                                       2 Refer to the detailed table in the section “Results of Power Corporation”.
                                       3 Includes the contribution to adjusted net earnings from the Corporation’s other investment activities, as well as corporate operations, which includes operating expenses,
                                         financing charges, depreciation, income taxes, and dividends on non-participating and perpetual preferred shares. Refer to the section “Corporate operations and Other“
                                         below.
                                       4 Attributable to participating shareholders.
                                       5 Non-IFRS financial measure. Refer to the section “Non-IFRS Financial Measures”.
                                       6 Refer to the detailed table of Adjustments in the section “Review of Segments and Operating Results”.




                                             A  12                                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


RESULTS OF POWER CORPORATION

This section presents:




                                                                                                                                          PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
  The “Consolidated Statements of Earnings in accordance with IFRS”; and
  The contributions to Power Corporation of its operating subsidiaries (Lifeco and IGM) and GBL, which are held through
    Power Financial, the contribution of the Corporation’s alternative asset investment platforms and standalone businesses,
    as well as the contribution from the corporate operations and other to the net earnings and adjusted net earnings of
    Power Corporation. A discussion of the contributions of each of the reportable segments and other components follows
    in the section “Review of Segments and Operating Results”.
Adjusted net earnings is a non-IFRS financial measure. Refer to the section “Non-IFRS Financial Measures” for a description
and reconciliation of IFRS and non-IFRS financial measures.


BASIS OF PRESENTATION
IFRS Financial Measures and Presentation
The Interim Consolidated Financial Statements of the Corporation have been prepared in accordance with International
Accounting Standard 34 – Interim Financial Reporting (IAS 34), and are presented in Canadian dollars.
The financial statements of the Corporation include the consolidated results of Power Financial which include the results of
Lifeco, IGM, Wealthsimple and the Portage Ventures Funds, which are controlled by Power Financial. Power Financial’s
investment in GBL is held through Parjointco. Parjointco is a holding company jointly controlled by Power Financial and the
Frère Group, and is accounted for using the equity method.
The investment platforms manage and operate alternative asset investment funds in which third-party investors, the
Corporation and associated companies can participate. The Corporation controls a fund when it is exposed, or has rights, to
variable returns from its involvement with the fund and has the ability to affect those returns through its power to direct the
relevant activities of the fund. Management of the Corporation determines whether the Corporation is a principal or an agent
when the Corporation or its subsidiaries act as a fund manager and also invest in the fund. The Corporation determines that
it is a principal when it has sufficient capital invested and exposure to variability of returns generated as a result of the decisions
of the Corporation or its subsidiaries as a fund manager and considers the rights held by other investors, including their ability
to remove the fund manager.

Presentation of the Holding Company
The Corporation’s reportable segments include Lifeco, IGM Financial and GBL, which represent the Corporation’s investments
in publicly traded operating companies, as well as the holding company. These reportable segments, in addition to the asset
management activities, reflect Power Corporation’s management structure and internal financial reporting. The Corporation
evaluates its performance based on the operating segments’ contributions to earnings.
The holding company comprises the corporate activities of the Corporation and Power Financial, on a combined basis, and
presents the investment activities of the Corporation. The investment activities of the holding company, including the
investments in Lifeco, IGM and controlled entities within the alternative asset investment platforms, are presented using the
equity method. The holding company activities present the holding company’s assets and liabilities, including cash, investments,
debentures and non-participating shares. The discussions included in the sections “Financial Position” and “Cash Flows”
present the segmented balance sheets and cash flow statements of the holding company, which are presented in Note 20 of
the Interim Consolidated Financial Statements, and reconciliations of these statements are provided throughout this MD&A.




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5     A  13
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EARNINGS IN ACCORDANCE WITH IFRS
                                       Power Corporation’s consolidated statements of earnings for the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2025
                                       are presented below. The Corporation’s reportable segments include Lifeco, IGM and GBL, as well as the holding company.




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       These tables reflect the contributions to the net earnings attributable to Power Corporation’s participating shareholders from
                                       its reportable segments and Sagard and Power Sustainable, the Corporation’s alternative asset investment platforms, which
                                       include controlled and consolidated investment funds and investments, and the Corporation’s standalone businesses.
                                       Consolidated Net Earnings – Three months ended
                                                                                                                                 Alternative asset
                                                                                                                                       investment
                                                                                                                          Holding platforms and          Effect of                            Power Corporation
                                                                                         Lifeco       IGM        GBL     company           Other 1 consolidation 2                         Consolidated net earnings
                                                                                                                                                                               September 30,         June 30, September 30,
                                                                                                                                                                                      2025              2025         2024
                                       Insurance service result
                                          Insurance revenue                             5,594          −           −             −                   −                   −              5,594          5,551           5,292
                                          Insurance service expenses                   (4,245)         −           −             −                   −                   −             (4,245)        (4,315)          (4,099)
                                          Net expense from
                                            reinsurance contracts                        (471)         −           −             −                   −                   −               (471)          (379)           (413)
                                       Total insurance service result                     878          −           −             −                   −                   −                878            857             780
                                       Net investment result
                                         Net investment income (loss) 3                 4,272         14           −            25               282                  (20)              4,573          3,544           9,309
                                         Net investment result from
                                            insurance activities 4                     (3,651)         −           −             −                   −                   −             (3,651)        (2,850)          (8,757)
                                       Total net investment result                        621         14           −            25               282                  (20)                922            694             552
                                       Fee income and other revenues                    1,984        967           −             −               474                  (54)              3,371          3,255           2,939
                                       Operating and
                                         administrative expenses                       (2,039)      (640)          −          (51)              (859)                  54              (3,535)        (3,496)          (3,155)
                                       Financing charges                                   (88)      (33)          −          (14)                (66)                  (1)              (202)          (215)           (202)
                                       Earnings before investments in
                                        jointly controlled corporations
                                        and associates, and income taxes                1,356        308           −          (40)              (169)                 (21)              1,434          1,095             914
                                       Share of earnings (losses) of
                                        investments in jointly controlled
                                        corporations and associates                         15        77         (78)            −                 91                 (39)                  66           208              (22)
                                       Earnings before income taxes                     1,371        385         (78)         (40)                (78)                (60)              1,500          1,303             892
                                       Income tax expense (recovery)                      189         87           −             −                 39                 (10)                305            113             193
                                       Net earnings                                     1,182        298         (78)         (40)              (117)                 (50)              1,195          1,190             699
                                       Attributable to
                                          Non-controlling interests                       417        130           −            35                (53)                (50)                479            405             315
                                          Non-participating shareholders                     −         −           −            13                   −                   −                  13            13              13
                                          Participating shareholders of
                                            Power Corporation 2                           765        168         (78)         (88)                (64)                   −                703            772             371
                                                                                        1,182        298         (78)         (40)              (117)                 (50)              1,195          1,190             699
                                       1 Alternative asset investment platforms and Other is comprised of the Corporation’s alternative asset investment platforms, which include consolidated investment funds,
                                         as well as the investment activities held through Power Financial including Portage Ventures I, Portage Ventures II and Wealthsimple, and the Corporation’s standalone
                                         businesses.
                                       2 The results presented for Lifeco and IGM are as reported by each. The Effect of consolidation includes the elimination of intercompany transactions and the application
                                         of the Corporation’s accounting method for investments under common ownership. The contribution from Lifeco, IGM, GBL and Alternative asset investment platforms
                                         and Other to net earnings attributable to participating shareholders of the Corporation includes the effect of consolidation, and represents the contribution to the holding
                                         company.
                                       3 Includes net investment income and changes in FVPL included in the net investment result on the consolidated statements of earnings.
                                       4 Includes net finance income (expenses) from insurance contracts, net finance income (expenses) from reinsurance contracts and changes in investment contract liabilities.




                                             A  14                                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


Consolidated Net Earnings – Nine months ended
                                                                                                              Alternative asset
                                                                                                                    investment




                                                                                                                                                                                          PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                      Holding    platforms and                Effect of        Power Corporation
                                                         Lifeco            IGM            GBL        company            Other 1         consolidation 2     Consolidated net earnings
                                                                                                                                                          September 30,   September 30,
                                                                                                                                                                 2025            2024
Insurance service result
   Insurance revenue                                  16,631                  −             −                −                    −                 −          16,631          15,815
   Insurance service expenses                        (12,836)                 −             −                −                    −                 −         (12,836)        (12,223)
   Net expense from
     reinsurance contracts                            (1,280)                 −             −                −                    −                 −          (1,280)          (1,184)
Total insurance service result                         2,515                  −             −                −                    −                 −           2,515           2,408
Net investment result
  Net investment income (loss) 3                      11,111                33              −              29                    854              (35)         11,992          12,192
  Net investment result from
     insurance activities 4                           (9,674)                 −             −                −                    −                 −          (9,674)          (9,848)
Total net investment result                            1,437                33              −              29                    854              (35)          2,318           2,344
Fee income and other revenues                          5,843            2,768               −                −              1,342               (158)           9,795           8,603
Operating and
  administrative expenses                             (6,147)          (1,887)              −            (156)             (2,224)               153          (10,261)          (8,962)
Financing charges                                        (292)             (97)             −             (41)               (198)                 (7)           (635)            (605)
Earnings before investments in
 jointly controlled corporations
 and associates, and income taxes                      3,356              817               −            (168)               (226)                (47)          3,732           3,788
Share of earnings (losses) of
 investments in jointly controlled
 corporations and associates                                43            193             (68)               −                   305              (84)            389             115
Earnings before income taxes                           3,399            1,010             (68)           (168)                   79             (131)           4,121           3,903
Income tax expense (recovery)                             376             228               −                1                   15                (6)            614             732
Net earnings – continuing operations                   3,023              782             (68)           (169)                   64             (125)           3,507           3,171
Net loss – discontinued operations                           −                −             −                −                    −                 −                −            (115)
Net gain – disposal of
 discontinued operations                                     −                −             −                −                    −                 −                −              44
Net earnings                                           3,023              782             (68)           (169)                   64             (125)           3,507           3,100
Attributable to
   Non-controlling interests                           1,051              315               −             104                    (41)           (125)           1,304           1,251
   Non-participating shareholders                            −                −             −              39                     −                 −               39              39
   Participating shareholders of
     Power Corporation 2                               1,972              467             (68)           (312)                   105                −           2,164           1,810
                                                       3,023              782             (68)           (169)                   64             (125)           3,507           3,100
1 Alternative asset investment platforms and Other is comprised of the Corporation’s alternative asset investment platforms, which include consolidated investment funds,
  as well as the investment activities held through Power Financial including Portage Ventures I, Portage Ventures II and Wealthsimple, and the Corporation’s standalone
  businesses.
2 The results presented for Lifeco and IGM are as reported by each. The Effect of consolidation includes the elimination of intercompany transactions and the application
  of the Corporation’s accounting method for investments under common ownership. The contribution from Lifeco, IGM, GBL and Alternative asset investment platforms
  and Other to net earnings attributable to participating shareholders of the Corporation includes the effect of consolidation, and represents the contribution to the holding
  company.
3 Includes net investment income and changes in FVPL included in the net investment result on the consolidated statements of earnings.
4 Includes net finance income (expenses) from insurance contracts, net finance income (expenses) from reinsurance contracts and changes in investment contract liabilities.



As a holding company, the Corporation evaluates the performance of each segment based on its contribution to net earnings
and adjusted net earnings attributable to participating shareholders. A discussion of the results of Lifeco, IGM and GBL is
provided in the section “Review of Segments and Operating Results” below.




                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                              A  15
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       CONTRIBUTION TO NET EARNINGS AND ADJUSTED NET EARNINGS
                                       This section details the contribution to the net earnings and adjusted net earnings attributable to Power Corporation’s
                                       participating shareholders from Lifeco, IGM, GBL and Sagard and Power Sustainable, the Corporation’s alternative asset




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       investment platforms, which include the contribution from controlled and consolidated investments, standalone businesses,
                                       and the corporate operations and other.
                                                                                                                                                             Three months ended                             Nine months ended
                                                                                                                         September 30,                June 30,       September 30,               September 30,   September 30,
                                                                                                                                2025                     2025               2024                        2025            2024

                                       Adjusted net earnings from continuing operations 1
                                       Lifeco 2                                                                                      842                  790                   724                    2,335           2,098
                                       IGM 2                                                                                         188                  158                   153                      495             430
                                       GBL                                                                                            (11)                (15)                   (18)                     (23)            57
                                       Effect of consolidation - Lifeco and IGM 3                                                     (39)                  (9)                  (31)                     (53)            (59)
                                                                                                                                     980                  924                   828                    2,754           2,526
                                       Sagard and Power Sustainable                                                                   (27)                 93                    (30)                    100              (61)
                                       Standalone businesses                                                                            (2)                 (2)                  (10)                      (9)            (59)
                                       Corporate operations and Other 4                                                               (88)               (132)                   (95)                   (312)           (264)
                                                                                                                                     863                 883                    693                    2,533           2,142
                                                       5
                                       Adjustments
                                       Lifeco 2                                                                                       (47)               (175)                 (138)                    (338)           (124)
                                             2
                                       IGM                                                                                              (2)                 (4)                    (3)                     (8)             (6)
                                       GBL                                                                                            (67)                   −                   (44)                     (45)            (44)
                                       Effect of consolidation - Lifeco and IGM                                                         (9)                19                      (5)                      8             (10)
                                                                                                                                    (125)                (160)                 (190)                    (383)           (184)
                                       Sagard and Power Sustainable                                                                   (35)                 49                    (35)                       2             (14)
                                       Standalone businesses                                                                            −                    −                   (97)                     12              (85)
                                                                                                                                    (160)               (111)                  (322)                    (369)           (283)
                                       Net earnings from continuing operations 6
                                       Lifeco 2                                                                                      795                  615                   586                    1,997           1,974
                                       IGM 2                                                                                         186                  154                   150                      487             424
                                             2
                                       GBL                                                                                            (78)                (15)                   (62)                     (68)            13
                                       Effect of consolidation - Lifeco and IGM                                                       (48)                 10                    (36)                     (45)            (69)
                                                                                                                                     855                  764                   638                    2,371           2,342
                                       Sagard and Power Sustainable                                                                   (62)                142                    (65)                    102              (75)
                                       Standalone businesses                                                                            (2)                 (2)                (107)                        3           (144)
                                                                               4
                                       Corporate operations and Other                                                                 (88)               (132)                   (95)                   (312)           (264)
                                                                                                                                     703                 772                    371                    2,164           1,859
                                       Net earnings (loss) from discontinued operations – Putnam                                        −                    −                     −                       −              (49)
                                       Net earnings 6                                                                                703                 772                    371                    2,164           1,810
                                       1 Adjusted net earnings from continuing operations (adjusted net earnings) is a non-IFRS financial measure. Refer to the section “Non-IFRS Financial Measures”. For a
                                         reconciliation of Lifeco, IGM, and Sagard and Power Sustainable’s non-IFRS adjusted net earnings to their net earnings and the contribution to adjusted net earnings from
                                         GBL and standalone businesses, refer to the sections “Lifeco”, “IGM Financial”, “GBL”, “Sagard and Power Sustainable” and “Standalone Businesses” in the section “Review
                                         of Segments and Operating Results” below which detail the contribution to net earnings and adjusted net earnings of each.
                                       2 Contribution to net and adjusted net earnings based on earnings reported by Lifeco and IGM. Contribution to net earnings based on earnings reported by GBL.
                                       3 See the table below for details on Effect of consolidation.
                                       4 Includes the contribution to net earnings and adjusted net earnings from the Corporation’s other investment activities, as well as corporate operations, which includes
                                         operating expenses, financing charges, depreciation, income taxes, and dividends on non-participating and perpetual preferred shares. Refer to the section “Corporate
                                         operations and Other“ below.
                                       5 See the section “Adjustments” below, including details on Effect of consolidation.
                                       6 Attributable to participating shareholders.




                                             A  16                                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


Adjusted and Net Earnings Per Share
                                                                                                                         Three months ended                      Nine months ended




                                                                                                                                                                                       PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                     September 30,               June 30,        September 30,       September 30,    September 30,
                                                                                            2025                    2025                2024                2025             2024
Earnings per share – basic 1
Adjusted net earnings from continuing operations                                                1.35                 1.38                 1.07               3.95             3.30
Adjustments                                                                                    (0.25)               (0.18)               (0.49)              (0.58)          (0.43)
Net earnings from continuing operations                                                         1.10                 1.20                 0.58               3.37             2.87
Net earnings (loss) from discontinued operations – Putnam                                           −                    −                   −                  −            (0.08)
Net earnings                                                                                    1.10                 1.20                 0.58               3.37             2.79
1 Attributable to participating shareholders.


EFFECT OF CONSOLIDATION
Effect of consolidation reflects:
   The elimination of intercompany transactions; and
   The application of the Corporation’s accounting method for investments under common ownership to the reported net
     earnings of the publicly traded operating companies, which include:
         i)   An adjustment related to Lifeco’s investment in PSEIP, PSM and SHMI; and
         ii) An allocation of the results of the fintech portfolio, including Wealthsimple, the Portage Ventures Funds and
              Portage Capital Solutions, to the contributions from Lifeco and IGM based on their respective interest.
The following table summarizes the effect of consolidation on adjusted net earnings for Lifeco and IGM:
                                                                                                                        Three months ended                        Nine months ended
                                                                                    September 30,               June 30,        September 30,        September 30,    September 30,
                                                                                           2025                    2025                2024                 2025             2024
Lifeco                                                                                           (20)                   5                 (14)                (20)              (37)
IGM 1                                                                                            (19)                (14)                 (17)                (33)              (22)
                                                                                                 (39)                  (9)                (31)                (53)              (59)
1 The second and third quarters of 2025 include a charge of $14 million and $38 million, respectively, related to IGM’s share of the carried interest payable due to the
  increase in fair value of the investment held in Wealthsimple through a limited partnership managed by Sagard.




                       Q3 2025 vs. Q3 2024 and Q2 2025                                                                          Year-to-date 2025 vs. 2024

Net earnings
$703 million or $1.10 per share, compared with $371 million or                               $2,164 million or $3.37 per share, compared with $1,810 million or
$0.58 per share in the corresponding period in 2024, an increase                             $2.79 per share in the corresponding period in 2024, an increase
of 89.7% on a per share basis, and $772 million or $1.20 per share                           of 20.8% on a per share basis.
in the second quarter of 2025.
Net earnings from continuing operations
$703 million or $1.10 per share, compared with $371 million or                               $2,164 million or $3.37 per share, compared with $1,859 million or
$0.58 per share in the corresponding period in 2024, and                                     $2.87 per share in the corresponding period in 2024, an increase
$772 million or $1.20 per share in the second quarter of 2025.                               of 17.4% on a per share basis.

Adjusted net earnings from continuing operations
$863 million or $1.35 per share, compared with $693 million or                               $2,533 million or $3.95 per share, compared with $2,142 million or
$1.07 per share in the corresponding period in 2024, an increase                             $3.30 per share in the corresponding period in 2024, an increase
of 26.2% on a per share basis, and $883 million or $1.38 per share                           of 19.7% on a per share basis.
in the second quarter of 2025.

Contribution to net earnings and adjusted net earnings from continuing operations from Lifeco, IGM and GBL
Contribution to net earnings from continuing operations of          Contribution to net earnings from continuing operations of
$855 million, compared with $638 million in the corresponding       $2,371 million, compared with $2,342 million in the corresponding
period in 2024, an increase of 34.0%, and $764 million in the       period in 2024, an increase of 1.2%.
second quarter of 2025.
Contribution to adjusted net earnings from continuing operations                             Contribution to adjusted net earnings from continuing operations
of $980 million, compared with $828 million in the corresponding                             of $2,754 million, compared with $2,526 million in the
period in 2024, an increase of 18.4%, and $924 million in the                                corresponding period in 2024, an increase of 9.0%.
second quarter of 2025.




                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                           A  17
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       Main Drivers of Earnings
                                       NET EAR NINGS AND ADJU STED NET EAR NING S FROM CONTINU ING OPERATIONS




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       The Corporation’s net earnings for the three-month period ended September 30, 2025 increased by $332 million or 89.5%
                                       and adjusted net earnings increased by $170 million or 24.5% from the corresponding quarter in 2024:
                                         Lifeco: contribution to net earnings and adjusted net earnings increased by $209 million or 35.7% and by $118 million
                                           or 16.3%, respectively.
                                         IGM: contribution to net earnings and adjusted net earnings increased by $36 million or 24.0% and by $35 million or
                                           22.9%, respectively.
                                         GBL: contribution to net earnings of negative $78 million and to adjusted net earnings of negative $11 million, compared
                                           with a contribution to net earnings and adjusted net earnings of negative $62 million and negative $18 million, respectively,
                                           in the corresponding quarter in 2024.
                                         Sagard and Power Sustainable: net earnings (asset management and investing activities) include a negative contribution
                                           of $11 million from Sagard and a negative contribution of $51 million from Power Sustainable in the third quarter of 2025,
                                           compared with a contribution of nil from Sagard and a negative contribution of $65 million from Power Sustainable in the
                                           corresponding quarter in 2024. Adjusted net earnings (asset management and investing activities) include a negative
                                           contribution of $11 million from Sagard and a negative contribution of $16 million from Power Sustainable, compared
                                           with a contribution of nil from Sagard and a negative contribution of $30 million from Power Sustainable in the
                                           corresponding quarter in 2024.
                                       The Corporation’s net earnings for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2025 increased by $305 million or 16.4%
                                       and adjusted net earnings increased by $391 million or 18.3% from the corresponding period in 2024:
                                         Lifeco: contribution to net earnings and adjusted net earnings increased by $23 million or 1.2% and by $237 million or
                                           11.3%, respectively.
                                         IGM: contribution to net earnings and adjusted net earnings increased by $63 million or 14.9%, and by $65 million or
                                           15.1%, respectively.
                                         GBL: contribution to net earnings of negative $68 million and to adjusted net earnings of negative $23 million in the nine-
                                           month period ended September 30, 2025, compared with a contribution to net earnings and adjusted net earnings of
                                           positive $13 million and positive $57 million, respectively, in the corresponding period in 2024.
                                         Sagard and Power Sustainable: net earnings (asset management and investing activities) include a positive contribution
                                           of $132 million from Sagard and a negative contribution of $30 million from Power Sustainable in the nine-month period
                                           ended September 30, 2025, compared with a positive contribution of $32 million from Sagard and a negative
                                           contribution of $107 million from Power Sustainable in the corresponding period in 2024. Adjusted net earnings (asset
                                           management and investing activities) include a positive contribution of $132 million from Sagard and a negative
                                           contribution of $32 million from Power Sustainable, compared with a positive contribution of $32 million from Sagard
                                           and a negative contribution of $93 million from Power Sustainable in the corresponding period in 2024.

                                       A discussion of the results of Lifeco, IGM, GBL and Sagard and Power Sustainable is provided in the sections “Lifeco”, “IGM
                                       Financial”, “GBL” and “Sagard and Power Sustainable” in the section “Review of Segments and Operating Results” below.
                                       For additional discussion of the results of Lifeco and IGM, refer to Parts B and C, respectively, of this MD&A.




                                           A  18                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


REVIEW OF SEGMENTS AND OPERATIN G RESULTS




                                                                                                                                         PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
PUBLICLY TRADED OPERATING COMPANIES

Lifeco

OVER VIEW OF THE BUS INES S
Lifeco is a financial services holding company with interests in the life insurance, health insurance, retirement savings, wealth
and asset management and reinsurance businesses. Lifeco operates primarily in Canada, the U.S. and Europe under the
brands Canada Life, Empower and Irish Life. For reporting purposes, Lifeco has four major reportable segments: the United
States, Canada, Europe, and Capital and Risk Solutions. In the first quarter of 2025, Lifeco updated its lines of business,
previously referred to as value drivers, and made certain other segment changes; refer to the discussion “2025 Developments”
below. Lifeco focuses on four key lines of business that extend across its reportable operating segments: Retirement (serves
the retirement needs of customers, primarily through employer plan sponsor-enabled relationships); Wealth (advice-enabled
wealth management solutions for retail customers including retail savings and wealth products); Group Benefits (serves the
insurance needs of customers primarily through employer plan sponsor-enabled relationships including Group Life & Health,
and other group businesses); and Insurance & Risk Solutions (including life insurance, disability, and critical illness coverage
for individuals, and payout annuities for individuals and pension plans as well as reinsurance).
The United States segment is operated by Empower through the Empower Workplace and the Empower Wealth business
units. The Empower Workplace business unit, which aligns with the Retirement line of business, specializes in saving, investing
and advisory services through employer-sponsored defined contribution, defined benefit and non-qualified plans. The
Empower Wealth business unit provides extensive retail wealth management products and services tailored to individuals
and offers individual retirement accounts, after-tax investment accounts, high-net-worth wealth management and an array of
financial planning solutions integrating digitally advanced tools and platforms. The United States segment also includes an
allocation of a portion of Lifeco’s Corporate results and the results of Putnam, classified as discontinued operations in 2024.
The Canada segment is operated by Canada Life, offering a broad portfolio of financial and benefit plan solutions for
individuals, families, businesses and organizations through four distinct lines of business: Retirement, Wealth, Group Benefits
and Insurance and Annuities and includes an allocation of a portion of Lifeco’s Corporate results. Through the Retirement
business unit, Lifeco offers group retirement and investment product lines, including retirement savings and income and
annuity products. Through the Wealth business unit, Canada Life provides wealth savings and income products and services
to individual customers. Through the Group Benefits business unit, Canada Life offers group life and health benefits and
group product lines, including life, accidental death and dismemberment, critical illness, disability, health and dental
protection, creditor insurance, and other speciality products to group clients in Canada. The Insurance & Annuities business
unit offers individual life, disability and critical illness insurance products and services, as well as individual life annuities and
single-premium group annuities.
The Europe segment comprises four distinct lines of business: Retirement, Wealth, Group Benefits and Insurance & Annuities.
The Europe segment operates under the Canada Life brand in the U.K. and Germany and under the Irish Life brand in Ireland
along with other acquired brands within the intermediary and wealth markets in Ireland and includes an allocation of a portion
of Lifeco’s Corporate results. The Retirement business unit includes group retirement and employee benefit consulting
services in Ireland, and the Group Benefits business unit consists of group life and health insurance business in the U.K. and
Ireland. The Wealth business unit consists of investment products offered in the U.K., pension, savings and investment
products offered in Ireland and pension products offered in Germany. The core products offered are investments, including
life bonds, retirement drawdown and pension. The Insurance & Annuities business unit consists of bulk and individual payout
annuities offered in the U.K. and Ireland, equity-release mortgages offered in the U.K., and individual protection insurance
offered in Ireland and Germany.
The Capital and Risk Solutions segment includes Lifeco’s reinsurance business under the Insurance & Risk Solutions line of
business, which operates primarily in the U.S., Barbados, Bermuda and Ireland, and includes an allocation of a portion of
Lifeco’s Corporate results. Reinsurance products are provided through Canada Life and its subsidiaries and include both
reinsurance and retrocession business transacted directly with clients or through reinsurance brokers. In June 2025, Lifeco
announced that the Capital and Risk Solutions segment will cease new business for its U.S. traditional life mortality risk
reinsurance line of business in order to increase focus on core markets of structured solutions, longevity reinsurance and
catastrophe retrocession.
The Corporate business unit includes operating results for activities of Lifeco that are not directly associated with the major
business units, including certain overhead expenses, financing charges and related taxes, the results of PanAgora Asset
Management (PanAgora), dividend income from shareholdings of Franklin Templeton, and the results of the U.S. legacy
insurance portfolio including a retained block of life insurance, predominately participating policies, which are now
administered by Protective Life Insurance Company, as well as a closed life retrocession block and guaranteed lifetime
withdrawal benefit (GLWB) product.
See Part B of this MD&A for additional information on Lifeco.


                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5    A  19
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       2025 DEVELOPMENTS
                                       Disclosure Enhancements: In the first quarter of 2025, Lifeco updated its disclosures to provide enhanced information for
                                       analysts, investors and other stakeholders and accordingly has restated the comparative results for 2024 to conform with the




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       updated segment and line of business classifications as noted below. There was no change to total Lifeco adjusted net
                                       earnings or net earnings on a consolidated basis as a result of these reclassifications. For additional information, refer to the
                                       section “Summary of Earnings Reclassifications” in Part B of this MD&A. Amongst other enhancements, those related to
                                       Lifeco’s segmented operating results include:
                                         Separating Workplace Solutions – Separated the current Workplace Solutions line of business results into Retirement and
                                           Group Benefits to provide greater clarity on the distinct drivers of earnings growth for each business. Within the Group
                                           Benefits line of business, key metrics are presented by Lifeco separately for group insurance and administrative services only
                                           (ASO) products.
                                         Reclassifying certain expenses, financing charges and related taxes – Reclassified certain expenses, financing charges, and
                                           related taxes and other items that are not directly associated with the Company's operating segments to the Corporate
                                           segment. This change will better reflect the performance of each of Lifeco’s operating segments on a standalone basis.
                                         Reclassification of certain businesses or results previously attributed to the United States segment – Reclassified results of
                                           PanAgora, Franklin Templeton shareholdings, legacy insurance portfolios and GLWB product previously attributed to the
                                           United States segment to the Corporate segment. This change will better highlight the results of Empower and exclude
                                           results that are not part of Empower's primary business going forward.
                                         More granular assets under administration disclosures – Enhanced disclosure of the components of total assets under
                                           administration including assets under management and advisement and assets under administration only, the total of which
                                           is total client assets. Total client assets, when combined with other balance sheet assets, equals total assets under
                                           administration. This change provides greater visibility into the scale of wealth management and higher value-added
                                           solutions within Lifeco’s portfolio.
                                       Business Transformation and Other Costs: As previously announced, within the next three years, Lifeco plans to incur an
                                       estimated $250 million to $300 million of after-tax restructuring costs, through investment in modernized technology
                                       platforms, and retiring legacy systems as well as enhancing productivity through increased automation and leveraging a
                                       global workplace. These restructuring costs are a subset of business transformation and other costs excluded from Lifeco’s
                                       adjusted net earnings. In the nine-month period ended September 30, 2025, Lifeco incurred or provisioned for a net of
                                       $187 million after-tax of business transformation and other costs, of which $56 million after-tax was recorded in the third
                                       quarter of 2025.
                                       Lifeco Normal Course Issuer Bid (NCIB): Effective on September 3, 2025, Lifeco amended its current NCIB to increase the
                                       maximum remaining number of common shares that may be repurchased from 20 million common shares to 40 million
                                       common shares. Additionally, the TSX approved an amendment that permits Lifeco to purchase its shares from Power
                                       Financial, a subsidiary of the Corporation, and certain of Power Financial’s wholly owned subsidiaries in connection with the
                                       NCIB, in order for Power Financial to maintain its approximate proportionate percentage ownership in Lifeco. Lifeco intends
                                       to repurchase shares worth $1.5 billion in aggregate for 2025 excluding purchases made to offset dilution under its share
                                       compensation plans. Lifeco share repurchases are made subject to market conditions, its ability to affect the purchases on a
                                       prudent basis, and other strategic opportunities arising. For additional information, refer to the section “Consolidated
                                       Financial Position – Lifeco Capital Structure” in Part B of this MD&A.
                                       Assumption Changes and Management Actions: In the third quarter of 2025, Lifeco completed certain assumption reviews
                                       and model refinements related to insurance contract liabilities which resulted in a negative economic impact including a
                                       decrease to contractual service margin on non-participating business of $161 million and a negative impact to net earnings
                                       of $25 million. For additional information, refer to the section “Assumption Changes and Management Actions” in Part B of
                                       this MD&A.




                                           A  20                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


R ES U LTS
Contribution to Power Corporation




                                                                                                                                                                                  PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                                            Three months ended              Nine months ended
                                                                                          September 30,             June 30,     September 30,   September 30,   September 30,
                                                                                                 2025                  2025             2024            2025            2024
Average direct ownership (%)                                                                         68.8               68.7             68.2            68.6            68.2
Contribution to earnings
  Net earnings from continuing operations                                                             765               627               567           1,972          1,926
  Adjusted net earnings from continuing operations                                                    822               795               710           2,315          2,061

Dividend received                                                                                                                                       1,163          1,058

                                                                                                                                                 September 30,   December 31,
As at                                                                                                                                                   2025           2024
Contribution to holding company balance sheets
  Investment in Lifeco, carrying value                                                                                                                17,633          17,108
  % of total holding company assets                                                                                                                      59.5            59.6

   Investment in Lifeco, fair value                                                                                                                   35,755          30,292
   % of total holding company assets, at fair value                                                                                                      68.3            67.7



Reconciliation of contribution to net earnings and adjusted net earnings of Power Corporation
                                                                                                                           Three months ended               Nine months ended
                                                                                         September 30,              June 30,     September 30,   September 30,   September 30,
                                                                                                2025                   2025             2024            2025            2024

Contribution to Power Corporation’s:
   Adjusted net earnings from continuing operations
        As reported by Lifeco                                                                        842                790              724           2,335           2,098
        Effect of consolidation 1                                                                     (20)                  5             (14)            (20)             (37)
                                                                                                     822                795              710           2,315           2,061
   Adjustments
        As reported by Lifeco                                                                         (47)             (175)            (138)           (338)           (124)
        Effect of consolidation 2                                                                     (10)                  7              (5)             (5)             (11)
                                                                                                      (57)             (168)            (143)           (343)           (135)
   Net earnings from continuing operations                                                           765                627              567           1,972           1,926
   Net earnings (loss) from discontinued operations – Putnam                                            −                   −              −               −               (48)
   Net earnings                                                                                      765                627              567           1,972           1,878
1 The Effect of consolidation includes the elimination of intercompany transactions and the application of the Corporation’s accounting method for investments under
  common ownership including an adjustment for Lifeco’s investment in PSEIP, PSM and SHMI and an allocation of the results of the fintech portfolio.
2 Refer to the section “Adjustments” below for details of Effect of consolidation.




Adjusted and net earnings per share as reported by Lifeco
                                                                                                                            Three months ended              Nine months ended
                                                                                          September 30,              June 30,    September 30,   September 30,   September 30,
                                                                                                 2025                   2025            2024            2025            2024

Adjusted net earnings from continuing operations 1 2                                                1.33                1.24             1.14            3.67            3.30
Adjustments 3                                                                                      (0.08)              (0.28)           (0.22)          (0.53)          (0.20)
Net earnings from continuing operations 1                                                           1.25                0.96             0.92            3.14            3.10
                1
Net earnings                                                                                        1.25                0.96             0.92            3.14            3.03
1 Attributable to Lifeco common shareholders.
2 Defined as “base earnings per common share” by Lifeco, a non-IFRS ratio; refer to the section “Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios” in Part B of this MD&A.
3 See the section “Adjustments” below.




                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                     A  21
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       Contribution to adjusted and net earnings by segments as reported by Lifeco
                                                                                                                                                                 Three months ended                            Nine months ended




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                                              September 30,               June 30,      September 30,               September 30,   September 30,
                                                                                                                                     2025                    2025                 2024                     2025               2024
                                                                                                                                                                             (restated) 1                                (restated) 1

                                       Adjusted net earnings from continuing operations 2 3
                                          United States                                                                                   436                 341                   390                   1,142             1,027
                                          Canada                                                                                          371                 375                   356                   1,062             1,056
                                          Europe                                                                                          266                 262                   224                     767               686
                                          Capital and Risk Solutions                                                                      265                 229                   220                     707               624
                                          Corporate                                                                                      (113)                 (58)                (129)                   (274)             (316)
                                                                                                                                       1,225               1,149                 1,061                    3,404             3,077
                                       Adjustments 4
                                          Market experience relative to expectations 5                                                     40                (104)                    41                   (155)              176
                                          Assumption changes and management actions 5                                                     (25)                  (3)                (203)                     (60)            (165)
                                          Business transformation and other impacts                                                       (56)               (121)                    (4)                  (187)              (82)
                                          Amortization of acquisition-related finite life intangible assets                               (37)                 (38)                 (36)                   (112)             (111)
                                          Tax legislative changes and other tax impacts                                                    11                   11                     −                     22                  −
                                                                                                                                          (67)               (255)                 (202)                   (492)             (182)
                                       Net earnings from continuing operations 2
                                          United States                                                                                   376                 305                   373                   1,019               896
                                          Canada                                                                                          483                 255                   499                   1,039             1,263
                                          Europe                                                                                          188                 126                   144                     481               591
                                          Capital and Risk Solutions                                                                      280                 194                     19                    658               453
                                          Corporate                                                                                      (169)                  14                 (176)                   (285)             (308)
                                       Net earnings from continuing operations 2                                                       1,158                  894                   859                   2,912             2,895
                                       Net earnings (loss) from discontinued operations – Putnam                                             −                   −                     −                      −              (115)
                                       Net gain from disposal of discontinued operations – Putnam                                            −                   −                     −                      −                44
                                                        2
                                       Net earnings                                                                                    1,158                  894                   859                   2,912             2,824
                                       1 In the first quarter of 2025, Lifeco made disclosure enhancements to the segment and line of business classifications and has restated the comparative results for 2024 to
                                         conform with the current presentation. For additional information, refer to the section “Summary of Earnings Reclassifications” in Part B of this MD&A.
                                       2 Attributable to Lifeco common shareholders.
                                       3 Defined as “base earnings (loss)” by Lifeco, a non-IFRS financial measure; refer to Part B of this MD&A for additional details including a definition and reconciliation by segment.
                                       4 See the section “Adjustments” below. Described as “items excluded from base earnings” by Lifeco; refer to Part B of this MD&A.
                                       5 Refer to Part B of this MD&A for more details, including a definition of these Adjustments.


                                                              Q3 2025 vs. Q3 2024 and Q2 2025                                                                        Year-to-date 2025 vs. 2024

                                       Net earnings
                                       $1,158 million or $1.25 per share, compared with $859 million or                             $2,912 million or $3.14 per share, compared with $2,824 million
                                       $0.92 per share in the corresponding period in 2024, an increase                             or $3.03 per share in the corresponding period in 2024, an
                                       of 35.9% on a per share basis, and $894 million or $0.96 per                                 increase of 3.6% on a per share basis.
                                       share in the second quarter of 2025.

                                       Net earnings from continuing operations
                                       $1,158 million or $1.25 per share, compared with $859 million or                             $2,912 million or $3.14 per share, compared with $2,895 million
                                       $0.92 per share in the corresponding period in 2024, an increase                             or $3.10 per share in the corresponding period in 2024, an
                                       of 35.9% on a per share basis, and $894 million or $0.96 per                                 increase of 1.3% on a per share basis.
                                       share in the second quarter of 2025.

                                       Adjusted net earnings from continuing operations
                                       $1,225 million or $1.33 per share, compared with $1,061 million                              $3,404 million or $3.67 per share, compared with $3,077 million
                                       or $1.14 per share in the corresponding period in 2024, an                                   or $3.30 per share in the corresponding period in 2024, an
                                       increase of 16.7% on a per share basis, and $1,149 million or                                increase of 11.2% on a per share basis.
                                       $1.24 per share in the second quarter of 2025.




                                             A  22                                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


UNITED STATES (CONTINUING OPERATIONS)
Net earnings from continuing operations in the three-month period ended September 30, 2025 decreased by US$2 million
(increase of C$3 million) to US$272 million (C$376 million), compared with the corresponding quarter in 2024. Adjusted net




                                                                                                                                  PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
earnings were US$317 million (C$436 million) in the three-month period ended September 30, 2025, an increase of
US$30 million (C$46 million), compared with the corresponding quarter in 2024, primarily due to:
  Higher fee income driven by higher asset levels resulting from higher equity markets, and growth in both the Retirement
    and Wealth businesses;
  Partially offset by an increase in operating expenses incurred to support the growth in both the Retirement and Wealth
    businesses.
Adjusted net earnings in the three-month period ended September 30, 2025 excluded Adjustments of negative US$45 million
(C$60 million), compared with negative US$13 million (C$17 million) in the corresponding quarter in 2024. The increase in
negative Adjustments was primarily due to guaranty fund assessment fees associated with an acquired business recognized
during the current quarter as well as less favourable market experience relative to expectations, partially offset by certain
income tax credits recognized in the current quarter.
Net earnings from continuing operations in the nine-month period ended September 30, 2025 increased by US$72 million
(C$123 million) to US$731 million (C$1,019 million), compared with the corresponding period in 2024. Adjusted net earnings
were US$819 million (C$1,142 million) in the nine-month period ended September 30, 2025, an increase of US$63 million
(C$115 million), compared with the corresponding period in 2024, primarily due to:
  Higher fee income driven by higher asset levels from higher equity markets and growth in both the Retirement and Wealth
    businesses;
 Partially offset by the following items in the Retirement business:
  Higher credit-related impacts on invested assets; and
  Higher paid crediting rates and lower asset volumes resulting in lower margins.
Adjusted net earnings in the nine-month period ended September 30, 2025 excluded Adjustments of negative US$88 million
(C$123 million), compared with negative US$97 million (C$131 million) in the corresponding period in 2024, primarily due
to higher restructuring and integration expenses in the prior year as well as the same reasons explained in the three-month
period above.

CANADA
Net earnings in the three-month period ended September 30, 2025 decreased by $16 million to $483 million, compared with
the corresponding quarter in 2024. Adjusted net earnings in the three-month period ended September 30, 2025 were
$371 million, an increase of $15 million compared with the corresponding quarter in 2024, primarily due to:
  Higher Group Benefits earnings from favourable long-term disability morbidity experience; and
  Higher Wealth and Retirement earnings from asset growth driven by market appreciation;
  Partially offset by lower income on surplus driven by lower interest rates.
Adjusted net earnings in the three-month period ended September 30, 2025 excluded Adjustments of positive $112 million,
compared with Adjustments of positive $143 million in the corresponding quarter in 2024, including assumption changes
and management actions of positive $33 million, compared with positive $106 million in the corresponding quarter in 2024.
For additional information, refer to the section “Assumption Changes and Management Actions” in Part B of this MD&A.
Market experience relative to expectations was positive $86 million in the third quarter of 2025, compared with positive
$43 million the corresponding quarter in 2024, primarily due to favourable impacts of risk-free interest rates and credit
spreads.
Net earnings in the nine-month period ended September 30, 2025 decreased by $224 million to $1,039 million, compared
with the corresponding period in 2024. Adjusted net earnings in the nine-month period ended September 30, 2025 were
$1,062 million, an increase of $6 million compared with the corresponding period in 2024, primarily due to the same reasons
explained in the three-month period above.
Adjusted net earnings in the nine-month period ended September 30, 2025 excluded Adjustments of negative $23 million,
compared with Adjustments of positive $207 million in the corresponding period in 2024. The increase in negative
Adjustments was primarily due to the restructuring provision recorded in the second quarter of 2025 and less favourable
impacts of assumption changes and management actions. For additional information, refer to the section “Assumption
Changes and Management Actions” in Part B of this MD&A.




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5   A  23
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       EUROPE
                                       Net earnings in the three-month period ended September 30, 2025 increased by $44 million to $188 million, compared with
                                       the corresponding quarter in 2024. Adjusted net earnings in the three-month period ended September 30, 2025 were




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       $266 million, an increase of $42 million compared with the corresponding quarter in 2024, primarily due to:
                                         Higher Group Benefits earnings from favourable group benefits experience in the U.K. and positive mortality experience
                                           in Ireland, partially offset by unfavourable group morbidity experience in Ireland;
                                         Higher Wealth earnings from higher fee income driven by assets under management or advisement growth; and
                                         The positive impact of currency movements across all lines of business;
                                         Partially offset by lower earnings on surplus resulting from dividends paid to the parent holding company.
                                       Adjusted net earnings in the three-month period ended September 30, 2025 excluded Adjustments of negative $78 million,
                                       compared with Adjustments of negative $80 million in the corresponding quarter in 2024, primarily due to:
                                         Assumption changes and management actions of positive $8 million, compared with negative $51 million in the
                                           corresponding quarter in 2024. For additional information, refer to the section “Assumption Changes and Management
                                           Actions” in Part B of this MD&A;
                                         Market experience relative to expectations was negative $67 million, compared with negative $23 million in the
                                           corresponding quarter in 2024, primarily due to reductions in property market values and the impact of reductions in
                                           credit spreads in the U.K.; and
                                         Business transformation and other impacts were negative $15 million, compared with nil for the same quarter last year,
                                           primarily due to higher restructuring costs.
                                       Net earnings in the nine-month period ended September 30, 2025 decreased by $110 million to $481 million, compared with
                                       the corresponding period in 2024. Adjusted net earnings in the nine-month period ended September 30, 2025 were
                                       $767 million, an increase of $81 million compared with the corresponding period in 2024, primarily due to:
                                         Higher Group Benefits earnings from favourable group benefit experience in the U.K. and Ireland;
                                         Higher Wealth earnings from higher fee income driven by assets under management or advisement growth; and
                                         The positive impact of currency movements across all lines of business;
                                         Partially offset by lower earnings on surplus resulting from dividends paid to the parent holding company.
                                       Adjusted net earnings in the nine-month period ended September 30, 2025 excluded Adjustments of negative $286 million,
                                       compared with Adjustments of negative $95 million in the corresponding period in 2024, primarily due to the same reasons
                                       explained in the three-month period above.

                                       CAPITAL AND RISK SOLUTIONS
                                       Net earnings in the three-month period ended September 30, 2025 increased by $261 million to $280 million, compared with
                                       the corresponding quarter in 2024. Adjusted net earnings in the three-month period ended September 30, 2025 were
                                       $265 million, an increase of $45 million compared with the corresponding quarter in 2024, primarily driven by higher Capital
                                       Solutions new business volume and improved Risk Solutions claims experience.
                                       Adjusted net earnings in the three-month period ended September 30, 2025 excluded Adjustments of positive $15 million,
                                       compared with Adjustments of negative $201 million in the corresponding quarter in 2024. The increase in positive
                                       Adjustments was primarily due to the change in the net impact of life and annuity business assumption updates. For additional
                                       information, refer to the section “Assumption Changes and Management Actions” in Part B of this MD&A.
                                       Net earnings in the nine-month period ended September 30, 2025 increased by $205 million to $658 million, compared with
                                       the corresponding period in 2024. Adjusted net earnings in the nine-month period ended September 30, 2025 were
                                       $707 million, an increase of $83 million compared with the corresponding period in 2024, primarily due to the same reasons
                                       explained in the three-month period above.
                                       Adjusted net earnings in the nine-month period ended September 30, 2025 excluded Adjustments of negative $49 million,
                                       compared with Adjustments of negative $171 million in the corresponding period in 2024, primarily due to the change in net
                                       impact of life and annuity business assumption updates, and the impact of interest rate and credit spread movements relative
                                       to expectations.




                                           A  24                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


ADJUSTMENTS
Adjustments are items excluded from net earnings from continuing operations in the determination of adjusted net earnings
by Lifeco’s management. Refer to the further discussion above in each of Lifeco’s operating segments.




                                                                                                                                                                                 PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
In the first three quarters of 2025, Adjustments with a net negative earnings impact of $492 million after tax consist of:
   In the third quarter of 2025, Adjustments were a net negative impact of $67 million, which consisted of business
      transformation and other impacts of negative $56 million after tax (negative $68 million pre-tax), amortization of
      acquisition-related finite life intangibles of negative $37 million after tax (negative $47 million pre-tax), and assumption
      changes and management actions of negative $25 million after tax (negative $25 million pre-tax), partially offset by
      market experience relative to expectations of positive $40 million after tax (positive $47 million pre-tax), and a positive
      impact from tax legislative changes and other tax impacts of $11 million.
   In the second quarter of 2025, Adjustments were a net negative impact of $255 million, which consisted of business
      transformation and other impacts 1 of negative $121 million after tax (negative $181 million pre-tax), market experience
      relative to expectations of negative $104 million after tax (negative $116 million pre-tax), amortization of acquisition-
      related finite life intangibles of negative $38 million after tax (negative $51 million pre-tax), and assumption changes and
      management actions of negative $3 million after tax (negative $5 million pre-tax), partially offset by a positive impact from
      tax legislative changes and other tax impacts of $11 million.
   In the first quarter of 2025, Adjustments were a net negative impact of $170 million, which consisted of market experience
      relative to expectations of negative $91 million after tax (negative $113 million pre-tax), amortization of acquisition-related
      finite life intangibles of negative $37 million after tax (negative $51 million pre-tax), assumption changes and management
      actions of negative $32 million after tax (negative $42 million pre-tax), and business transformation and other impacts of
      negative $10 million after tax (negative $13 million pre-tax).
In the first three quarters of 2024, Adjustments with a net negative earnings impact of $182 million after tax consisted of:
   In the third quarter of 2024, Adjustments were a net negative impact of $202 million, which consisted of assumption
      changes and management actions of negative $203 million after tax (negative $235 million pre-tax), amortization of
      acquisition-related finite life intangibles of negative $36 million after tax (negative $47 million pre-tax), and business
      transformation and other impacts of negative $4 million after tax (negative $7 million pre-tax), partially offset by market
      experience relative to expectations of positive $41 million after tax (positive $46 million pre-tax).
   In the second quarter of 2024, Adjustments were a net negative impact of $33 million, which consisted of business
      transformation and other impacts of negative $29 million after tax (negative $35 million pre-tax), amortization of
      acquisition-related finite life intangibles of negative $37 million after tax (negative $52 million pre-tax), and a negative
      impact from tax legislative changes 2 of $34 million, partially offset by assumption changes and management actions of
      positive $39 million after tax (positive $1 million pre-tax) and market experience relative to expectations of positive
      $28 million after tax (positive $45 million pre-tax).
   In the first quarter of 2024, Adjustments were a net positive impact of $53 million, which consisted of market experience
      relative to expectations of positive $107 million after tax (positive $136 million pre-tax) and a positive impact from tax
      legislative changes and other tax impacts 2 of $34 million, partially offset by assumption changes and management actions
      of negative $1 million after tax (positive $3 million pre-tax), business transformation and other impacts of negative
      $49 million after tax (negative $67 million pre-tax), and amortization of acquisition-related finite life intangibles of
      negative $38 million after tax (negative $50 million pre-tax). 1

The information above has been derived from Lifeco’s interim and most recent annual MD&A; see Part B of this MD&A for
additional information on Lifeco’s interim results. Lifeco’s interim and most recent annual MD&A are available under its profile
on SEDAR+ (www.sedarplus.ca).




1 Includes the provision releases related to unclaimed deposits from current and former shareholders related to the 2003 acquisition of Canada Life Financial Corporation,
  recorded in the Corporate segment in the second quarter of 2025.
2 The GMT legislation was enacted in Canada on June 20, 2024, retroactive to January 1, 2024. The negative impact recognized in the second quarter of 2024 included a
  $34 million retroactive impact for the first quarter of 2024 as a result of Canada’s enactment of legislation in the second quarter. The adjusted net earnings for the first
  quarter of 2024 have been presented on a pro forma basis as if the legislation had been enacted in the first quarter of 2024, reflecting the impact to adjusted net earnings
  of $34 million. Refer to Part B of this MD&A for further details.


                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                  A  25
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       IGM Financial

                                       OVER VIEW OF THE BUS INES S




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       IGM is a leading wealth and asset management company supporting advisors and the clients they serve in Canada, and
                                       institutional investors globally. IGM’s core business is comprised of wealth manager IG Wealth Management and asset
                                       manager Mackenzie Investments. IGM also holds a number of strategic investments that provide benefits to the operating
                                       subsidiaries while furthering IGM’s growth prospects. IGM has three reportable segments: Wealth Management, Asset
                                       Management, and Corporate and Other.
                                       The Wealth Management segment reflects the activities of its core business and strategic investments that are principally
                                       focused on providing financial planning and related services to retail client households. This segment includes the activities
                                       of IG Wealth Management, a retail distribution organization that serves Canadian households through its investment dealer
                                       and other subsidiaries licensed to distribute financial products and services. IG Wealth Management provides clients with
                                       personalized advice, comprehensive financial planning, insurance and mortgage services and professionally managed
                                       investment solutions. IG Wealth Management distinguishes itself from its competition by offering comprehensive planning to
                                       its clients that synchronizes their financial lives. This segment also includes the investment management activities of these
                                       organizations, including mutual fund management and discretionary portfolio management services, as well as IGM’s
                                       strategic investments in Rockefeller (classified as an investment in an associate) and Wealthsimple (classified by IGM as an
                                       investment at FVOCI).
                                       The Asset Management segment reflects the activities of its core business and strategic investments primarily focused on
                                       providing investment management services. This segment includes the operations of Mackenzie Investments which provides
                                       investment management services to a suite of investment funds that are distributed through third-party dealers and financial
                                       advisors, and through institutional advisory mandates to financial institutions, pensions and other institutional investors.
                                       Mackenzie Investments is a diversified asset management solutions provider and provides investment management and
                                       related services with a wide range of investment mandates through a boutique structure and multiple distribution channels.
                                       Mackenzie seeks to be Canada’s preferred global asset management solutions provider and business partner. This segment
                                       also includes IGM’s strategic investments in ChinaAMC and Northleaf, which are both classified as investments in associates.
                                       The Corporate and Other segment primarily represents the investments made by IGM in Lifeco and the Portage Ventures
                                       Funds (refer to the section “Sagard and Power Sustainable”), IGM’s unallocated capital, as well as consolidation elimination
                                       entries.
                                       See Part C of this MD&A for additional information on IGM.

                                       2025 DEVELOPMENTS
                                       Rockefeller Capital Management: On October 14, 2025, subsequent to quarter-end, IGM announced its intention to sell a
                                       portion of its interest in Rockefeller, with the transaction expected to close in the fourth quarter of 2025. IGM will continue to
                                       account for its investment in Rockefeller using the equity method.
                                       IGM will remain the only wealth manager in Rockefeller’s ownership structure and will remain its second largest shareholder.
                                       The transaction values IGM’s current equity interest in Rockefeller at $1.58 billion (US$1.13 billion), up approximately
                                       $750 million (US$510 million) from IGM’s initial investment in June 2023 of $835 million (US$622 million).




                                           A  26                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


R ES U LTS
Contribution to Power Corporation




                                                                                                                                                                                   PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                                          Three months ended                 Nine months ended
                                                                                        September 30,              June 30,      September 30,    September 30,   September 30,
                                                                                               2025                   2025              2024             2025            2024
Average direct ownership (%)                                                                      62.5                62.7               62.5             62.6            62.4
Contribution to earnings
  Net earnings from continuing operations                                                          168                 152               133              467             403
  Adjusted net earnings from continuing operations                                                 169                 144               136              462             408

Dividend received                                                                                                                                         250             250

                                                                                                                                                  September 30,   December 31,
As at                                                                                                                                                    2025           2024
Contribution to holding company balance sheets
  Investment in IGM, carrying value                                                                                                                     4,258           4,094
  % of total holding company assets                                                                                                                       14.4            14.3


   Investment in IGM, fair value                                                                                                                        7,494           6,792
   % of total holding company assets, at fair value                                                                                                       14.3            15.2


Reconciliation of contribution to net earnings and adjusted net earnings of Power Corporation
                                                                                                                           Three months ended                Nine months ended
                                                                                          September 30,             June 30,     September 30,    September 30,   September 30,
                                                                                                 2025                  2025             2024             2025            2024
Contribution to Power Corporation’s
  Adjusted net earnings from continuing operations
     As reported by IGM 1                                                                            188                158               153             495             430
     Effect of consolidation 2                                                                        (19)               (14)             (17)             (33)             (22)
                                                                                                     169                144               136             462             408
   Adjustments
     As reported by IGM                                                                                 (2)                (4)              (3)             (8)              (6)
     Effect of consolidation 3                                                                           1                12                −               13                1
                                                                                                        (1)                 8               (3)              5               (5)
   Net earnings from continuing operations                                                           168                152               133             467             403
   Net earnings (loss) from discontinued operations
     Effect of consolidation 4                                                                           −                  −               −                −               (1)
   Net earnings                                                                                      168                152               133             467             402
1 Based on adjusted net earnings available to IGM common shareholders.
2 The Effect of consolidation includes the elimination of intercompany transactions and the application of the Corporation’s accounting method for investments under
  common ownership including an allocation of the results of the fintech portfolio.
3 Refer to the section “Adjustments” below for details of Effect of consolidation.
4 Represents IGM’s share of the discontinued operations of Lifeco.




                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                      A  27
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




                                       Adjusted and net earnings per share as reported by IGM




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                                                                               Three months ended                           Nine months ended
                                                                                                                              September 30,              June 30,       September 30,            September 30,   September 30,
                                                                                                                                     2025                   2025               2024                     2025            2024
                                       Adjusted net earnings 1 2                                                                         1.27               1.07                  1.03                   3.33            2.90
                                       Adjustments 3 4                                                                                  (0.01)             (0.03)                (0.02)                 (0.05)          (0.04)
                                       Net earnings 1 5                                                                                  1.26               1.04                  1.01                   3.28            2.86
                                       1 Available to IGM common shareholders.
                                       2 Adjusted net earnings per share is a non-IFRS ratio; refer to the section “Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures” in Part C of this MD&A.
                                       3 See the section “Adjustments” below.
                                       4 Described as “Other items” by IGM; refer to Part C of this MD&A.
                                       5 Diluted earnings per share.

                                       Contribution to adjusted net earnings by segments and net earnings as reported by IGM
                                                                                                                                                               Three months ended                           Nine months ended
                                                                                                                              September 30,             June 30,       September 30,             September 30,   September 30,
                                                                                                                                     2025                  2025               2024                      2025            2024
                                       Wealth Management 1                                                                                158                131                  125                    413             345
                                       Asset Management 1                                                                                 110                 92                    91                   289             263
                                       Corporate and Other 1                                                                               33                 30                    28                    90              81
                                       Adjusted net earnings 2 3                                                                          301                253                  244                    792             689
                                       Adjustments 3 4                                                                                      (3)                (6)                   (5)                  (13)            (10)
                                       Net earnings 2                                                                                     298                247                  239                    779             679
                                       1 Debt and interest expense is allocated to each segment based on IGM’s assessment of: i) capacity to service the debt, and ii) where the debt is being serviced.
                                       2 Available to IGM common shareholders.
                                       3 Adjusted net earnings is a non-IFRS financial measure; refer to Part C of this MD&A for additional details including a definition and reconciliation. IGM does not allocate
                                         Adjustments to segments.
                                       4 Described as “Other items” by IGM; refer to Part C of this MD&A.



                                                               Q3 2025 vs. Q3 2024 and Q2 2025                                                                       Year-to-date 2025 vs 2024

                                       Net earnings
                                       $298 million or $1.26 per share, compared with $239 million or                            $779 million or $3.28 per share, compared with $679 million or
                                       $1.01 per share in the corresponding period in 2024, an increase                          $2.86 per share in the corresponding period in 2024, an increase
                                       of 24.8% on a per share basis, and $247 million or $1.04 per share                        of 14.7% on a per share basis.
                                       in the second quarter of 2025.

                                       Adjusted net earnings
                                       $301 million or $1.27 per share, compared with $244 million or                            $792 million or $3.33 per share, compared with $689 million or
                                       $1.03 per share in the corresponding period in 2024, an increase                          $2.90 per share in the corresponding period in 2024, an increase
                                       of 23.3% on a per share basis, and $253 million or $1.07 per share                        of 14.8% on a per share basis.
                                       in the second quarter of 2025.



                                       Adjusted net earnings exclude Adjustments of a negative earnings impact of $13 million in the nine-month period ended
                                       September 30, 2025, compared with Adjustments of a negative earnings impact of $10 million in the corresponding period in
                                       2024. These Adjustments are not allocated to segments. The following is a summary of each segment’s net earnings and adjusted
                                       net earnings:
                                       WEALTH MANAGEMENT
                                       Adjusted net earnings increased by $33 million to $158 million in the three-month period ended September 30, 2025,
                                       compared with the corresponding quarter in 2024. Adjusted net earnings of Wealth Management include a positive
                                       contribution from strategic investments of $3 million, compared with a negative contribution of $1 million in the
                                       corresponding quarter of 2024. The contribution to adjusted net earnings from IG Wealth Management increased by
                                       $30 million to $155 million, primarily due to:
                                          An increase in income from advisory fees of $40 million to $368 million, primarily due to the increase in average assets
                                             under advisement (AUA) 1 of 13.2%, partially offset by a decrease in the advisory fee rate. The average advisory fee rate
                                             for the three-month period was 97.0 basis points of average AUA, compared with 98.4 basis points in the corresponding
                                             quarter in 2024. Fee rates are determined based on client AUA levels and the average rate will fluctuate based on
                                             changes in a client’s AUA as well as product mix;                    1




                                       1 Refer to the section “Other Measures”.


                                             A  28                                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


  An increase in income from product and program fees of $32 million to $286 million, primarily due to the increase in
     average assets under management (AUM) 1 of 13.1%. The average product and program fee rate for the three-month
     period was 85.2 basis points of AUM, compared with 85.5 basis points in the corresponding quarter in 2024. The




                                                                                                                                       PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
     decrease in rate is due to changes in product mix; and                            1




  An increase in other financial planning revenues of $11 million to $47 million, primarily due to higher earnings from
     mortgage banking operations and higher revenues from the distribution of insurance products.
 Partially offset by:
  An increase in advisory and business development expenses of $29 million to $287 million in the three-month period
     which includes compensation paid to advisors, the majority of which varies directly with asset or sales levels. Asset-based
     compensation increased by $23 million to $193 million, primarily due to increases in AUA. Sales-based compensation
     payments are based upon the level of net new assets contributed to client accounts and are capitalized and amortized as
     they reflect incremental costs to obtain a client contract. Sales-based compensation increased by $3 million to
     $29 million. Other advisory and business development expenses increased by $3 million to $65 million in the three-
     month period, primarily due to higher compensation paid on the distribution of insurance products;
  An increase in operations and support expenses of $7 million to $122 million, which includes costs that support wealth
     management and other general and administrative functions such as product management, technology and operations,
     as well as other functional business units and corporate expenses;
  An increase in sub-advisory expenses of $6 million to $55 million, primarily due to changes in AUM; and
  An increase in income taxes of $11 million to $57 million.
Adjusted net earnings increased by $68 million to $413 million in the nine-month period ended September 30, 2025,
compared with the corresponding period in 2024. Adjusted net earnings of Wealth Management include a negative
contribution from strategic investments of $2 million, compared with a negative contribution of $10 million in the
corresponding period in 2024. The contribution to adjusted net earnings from IG Wealth Management increased by
$61 million to $415 million, primarily due to:
  An increase in income from advisory fees of $104 million to $1,057 million, primarily due to the increase in average AUA
     of 12.8%, partially offset by a decrease in the advisory fee rate and one less calendar day in the nine-month period of
     2025, compared with the same period in 2024. The average advisory fee rate for the nine-month period was 97.6 basis
     points of average AUA, compared with 99.2 basis points in the corresponding period in 2024;
  An increase in income from product and program fees of $83 million to $813 million, primarily due to the increase in
     average AUM of 12.3%. The average product and program fee rate for the nine-month period was 85.2 basis points of
     AUM, compared with 85.6 basis points in the corresponding period in 2024. The decrease in rate is due to the same
     reason explained in the three-month period above; and
  An increase in other financial planning revenues of $15 million to $127 million, primarily due to the same reason
     explained in the three-month period above.
 Partially offset by:
  An increase in advisory and business development expenses of $86 million to $846 million in the nine-month period.
     Asset-based compensation increased by $72 million to $559 million, primarily due to the same reason explained in the
     three-month period above. Sales-based compensation increased by $8 million to $85 million. Other advisory and
     business development expenses increased by $6 million to $202 million in the nine-month period, primarily due to higher
     compensation paid on the distribution of insurance products;
  An increase in sub-advisory expenses of $18 million to $159 million, primarily due to the same reason explained in the
     three-month period above;
  An increase in operations and support expenses of $12 million to $356 million;
  A decrease in net investment income and other of $3 million to $6 million. Net investment income and other consists of
     unrealized gains or losses on investments in proprietary funds, investment income earned on cash and cash equivalents
     and securities, and other income not related to IG Wealth Management’s core business. It also includes a charge from
     the Corporate and Other segment for the use of unallocated capital; and
  An increase in income taxes of $23 million to $151 million.




1 Refer to the section “Other Measures”.


                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5   A  29
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       ASSET MANAGEMENT
                                       The Asset Management segment includes the fees received from IGM’s investment funds, Wealth Management segment and
                                       third parties for investment management services.




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       Adjusted net earnings increased by $19 million to $110 million in the three-month period ended September 30, 2025, compared
                                       with the corresponding quarter in 2024. Adjusted net earnings of Asset Management includes a positive contribution of
                                       $42 million from strategic investments, compared with $32 million in the corresponding quarter in 2024. The adjusted net
                                       earnings of Mackenzie increased by $9 million to $68 million, primarily due to:
                                         An increase in net asset management fees, which is asset management fees offset by dealer compensation expenses, of
                                           $15 million to $214 million. Net asset management fees – third party were $180 million, an increase of $12 million compared
                                           with the corresponding quarter in 2024, primarily due to an increase in the average AUM of 12.3%, partially offset by a
                                           decrease in the net asset management fee rate. Mackenzie’s net asset management fee rate was 50.5 basis points for the
                                           three months ended September 30, 2025, compared with 52.9 basis points in the corresponding quarter in 2024. The
                                           decrease in rate was driven by a change in the composition of AUM, including the impact of having a greater share in non-
                                           retail-priced products. Asset management fees – Wealth Management were $34 million, an increase of $3 million from the
                                           corresponding quarter in 2024; and
                                         An increase in net investment income and other of $2 million to $7 million. Net investment income and other primarily
                                           includes investment returns related to Mackenzie’s investments in proprietary funds, which are generally made in the process
                                           of launching a fund and are sold as third-party investors subscribe.
                                        Partially offset by:
                                         An increase in expenses of $5 million to $121 million, primarily due to an increase in operations and support expenses of
                                           $3 million and an increase in advisory and business development expenses of $2 million compared with the corresponding
                                           quarter in 2024. Operations and support expenses include costs associated with business operations, including technology
                                           and business processes, in-house investment management and product shelf management, corporate management and
                                           support functions. These expenses primarily reflect compensation, technology and other service provider expenses. The
                                           increase in advisory and business development expenses was primarily attributed to investments in product, marketing and
                                           distribution; and
                                         An increase in income taxes of $3 million to $24 million.
                                       Adjusted net earnings increased by $26 million to $289 million in the nine-month period ended September 30, 2025, compared
                                       with the corresponding period in 2024. Adjusted net earnings of Asset Management includes a positive contribution of
                                       $110 million from strategic investments, compared with $90 million in the corresponding period in 2024. The adjusted net
                                       earnings of Mackenzie increased by $6 million to $179 million, primarily due to:
                                         An increase in net asset management fees, which is asset management fees offset by dealer compensation expenses, of
                                           $35 million to $614 million. Net asset management fees – third party were $516 million, an increase of $27 million
                                           compared with the corresponding period in 2024, primarily due to an increase in the average AUM of 9.9%, partially
                                           offset by a decrease in the net asset management fee rate. Mackenzie’s net asset management fee rate was 51.0 basis
                                           points for the nine months ended September 30, 2025, compared with 53.0 basis points in the corresponding period in
                                           2024. The decrease in rate was driven by the same reason explained in the three-month period above. Asset management
                                           fees – Wealth Management were $98 million, an increase of $8 million from the corresponding period in 2024.
                                        Partially offset by:
                                         An increase in expenses of $25 million to $365 million, primarily due to an increase in operations and support expenses of
                                           $17 million and an increase in advisory and business development expenses of $7 million in the nine-month period. The
                                           increase in advisory and business development expenses was primarily attributed to the same reason explained in the
                                           three-month period above;
                                         A decrease in net investment income and other of $2 million to $13 million; and
                                         An increase in income taxes of $2 million to $64 million.




                                           A  30                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


ASSETS UNDER MANAGEMENT AND ADVISEMENT
AUA are a key performance indicator for the Wealth Management segment.




                                                                                                                                                                                    PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
AUM are the key driver of the Asset Management segment and an additional driver of revenues and expenses within the
Wealth Management segment in relation to its investment management activities.
Total assets under management and advisement (AUM&A) were as follows:
                                                                                                      September 30,               June 30,       September 30,           June 30,
(in billions of dollars)                                                                                     2025                    2025               2024                2024
Wealth Management
  IG Wealth Management AUM                                                                                      138.0              129.6               120.8              114.7
  IG Wealth Management other AUA                                                                                 17.9               17.1                 15.6              15.0
Assets under advisement                                                                                         155.9              146.7               136.4              129.7
Asset Management
  Third-party AUM                                                                                               146.7              137.2               128.5              122.7
  Sub-advisory and AUM to Wealth Management                                                                      92.8               87.4                 83.6              79.4
Assets under management                                                                                         239.5              224.6               212.1              202.1
Consolidated 1
  Assets under management                                                                                       284.7              266.8               249.3              237.4
  Assets under management and advisement 2                                                                      302.6              283.9               264.9              252.4
1 Represents the consolidated AUM&A of IGM. In the Wealth Management segment, assets under management is a component part of assets under advisement. All
  instances where the Asset Management segment is providing investment management services or distributing its products through the Wealth Management segment are
  eliminated in IGM’s reporting such that there is no double counting of the same client savings held at IGM’s core businesses.
2 Includes adjustment representing the elimination of double counting where business is reflected within multiple segments.


Total average assets under management and advisement were as follows:
                                                                                                                                 2025                                       2024
(in billions of dollars)                                                                                   Q3            Q2        Q1           Q4      Q3          Q2        Q1
Wealth Management
  IG Wealth Management AUA                                                                            150.5         141.2       142.5        139.4   132.9       128.1     124.0
  IG Wealth Management AUM                                                                            133.0         124.5       125.5        123.3   117.7       113.5     110.0
Asset Management
  Third-party AUM                                                                                     141.2         132.7       132.2        130.0   125.7       122.8     121.0
  Total AUM                                                                                           230.7         217.9       217.5        213.9   207.5       201.8     198.9
Consolidated 1
  Assets under management                                                                             274.2         257.2       257.7        253.3   243.4       236.3     231.0
  Assets under management and advisement 2                                                            291.7         273.8       274.7        269.3   258.6       250.9     245.0
1 Represents the consolidated AUM&A of IGM. All instances where the Asset Management segment is providing investment management services or distributing its
  products through the Wealth Management segment are eliminated in IGM’s reporting such that there is no double counting of the same client savings held at IGM’s core
  businesses.
2 Includes adjustment representing the elimination of double counting where business is reflected within multiple segments.


ADJUSTMENTS
Adjustments are items excluded from net earnings in the determination of adjusted net earnings by IGM’s management.
In the nine months ended September 30, 2025, adjusted net earnings excluded a negative impact of $13 million after tax
($13 million pre-tax) related to IGM’s proportionate share of Lifeco’s adjustments, of which $3 million was recorded in the
third quarter.
In the nine months ended September 30, 2024, adjusted net earnings excluded a negative impact of $10 million after tax
($10 million pre-tax), comprised of:
   IGM’s proportionate share of Rockefeller’s one-time debt refinancing costs of $3 million, related to the early repayment
      of one of Rockefeller’s financing facilities, recorded in the second quarter; and
   IGM’s proportionate share of Lifeco’s adjustments of $7 million, of which $5 million was recorded in the third quarter.

The information above has been derived from IGM’s interim and most recent annual MD&A; see Part C of this MD&A for
additional information on IGM’s interim results. IGM’s interim and most recent annual MD&A are available under its profile on
SEDAR+ (www.sedarplus.ca).




                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                        A  31
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       GBL

                                       OVER VIEW OF THE BUS INES S




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       GBL is an established investment holding company. As a leading and active investor in Europe, GBL is focused on long-term
                                       value creation with the support of a stable family shareholder base. GBL is focused on delivering meaningful growth by
                                       providing attractive returns to its shareholders through a combination of growth in its net asset value per share, a sustainable
                                       dividend and share buybacks. GBL’s portfolio is composed of global companies, leaders in their sectors, in which GBL can
                                       contribute to value creation by being an active professional investor.
                                       At September 30, 2025, GBL’s portfolio was mainly comprised of the following investments (% equity ownership):
                                       LISTED ASSETS
                                          SGS (SIX: SGSN) (14.3%) – testing, inspection and certification                            Umicore (EBR: UMI) (15.9%) – automotive catalysts, cathode
                                             solutions                                                                                   materials for batteries and precious metals recycling
                                          Pernod Ricard (EPA: RI) (6.8%) – premium spirits                                           Concentrix (NASDAQ: CNXC) (13.9%) – global provider of
                                          adidas (XETR: ADS) (3.5%) – design, development and                                           customer experience (CX) solutions and technologies
                                             distribution of sporting goods                                                           Ontex (EBR: ONTEX) (19.98%) – provider of personal hygiene
                                          Imerys (EPA: NK) (54.7%) – industrial mineral-based specialty                                 solutions
                                             solutions
                                       DIRECT PRIVATE ASSETS
                                          Affidea (99.1%) – provider of advanced diagnostics and                                     Parques Reunidos (23.0%) – operator of leisure parks
                                             outpatient services                                                                      Canyon (51.3%) – direct-to-consumer manufacturer of
                                          Sanoptis (84.2%) – provider of ophthalmology services                                         premium bicycles
                                          Voodoo (15.0%) – developer and publisher of mobile games

                                       Through GBL Capital and Sienna Investment Managers, GBL has activities in indirect private assets and third-party asset
                                       management. GBL Capital invests in externally managed funds and direct co-investments allocated to buyout, venture
                                       capital/growth, private credit and hedge funds. Sienna Investment Managers offers a full range of investment strategies
                                       spanning listed assets, private credit, real estate and hybrid assets.
                                       GBL reported a net asset value (refer to the section “Other Measures”) at September 30, 2025 of €13,963 million or
                                       €104.83 per share, compared with €15,681 million or €113.30 per share at December 31, 2024.

                                       2025 DEVELOPMENTS
                                       Share repurchases: During the first three quarters of 2025, GBL repurchased, directly and through its subsidiaries, 3.6 million
                                       shares of its own capital for a total consideration of €259 million. During the second quarter of 2025, GBL cancelled 5.2 million
                                       of its treasury shares.
                                       PORTFOLIO SIMPLIFICATION
                                       GBL is committed to its stated strategic priorities of (i) portfolio simplification, (ii) direct private investments and (iii) attractive
                                       shareholder returns. In 2025, GBL had made progress in those strategic priorities:
                                          Disposal of SGS: In the first quarter of 2025, GBL completed the disposal of 8.5 million shares of SGS, reducing its interest
                                             from 19.1% at December 31, 2024 to 14.6% at March 31, 2025 (14.3% at September 30, 2025), for total proceeds of
                                             €0.8 billion, generating a capital gain for GBL of €0.2 billion (no impact on the net consolidated earnings in accordance
                                             with IFRS 9). Following the completion of the transaction, GBL is still the largest shareholder of SGS and remains
                                             committed to supporting SGS with a long-term perspective.
                                          Sienna Investment Managers: On October 2, 2025, subsequent to quarter-end, GBL announced it had entered into
                                             exclusive negotiations to sell certain activities within Sienna Investment Managers, including the listed asset and private
                                             debt operations (Sienna Gestion and Sienna Private Credit, respectively, to Malakoff Humanis).
                                          Partial divestment of GBL Capital portfolio: On November 3, 2025, subsequent to quarter-end, GBL announced the
                                             monetization of a significant portion of assets from the GBL Capital portfolio. The sale of these assets, through multiple
                                             transactions, represents a net asset value of €1.7 billion 1 and will generate proceeds of €1.5 billion (implied blended
                                             discount rate of 9% excluding foreign exchange), of which €1.1 billion is expected to be received at closing and a deferred
                                             payment of €0.4 billion to be received twelve months post-closing. The transaction value of this portfolio has been
                                             reflected in the activities of GBL as at September 30, 2025. The transactions are expected to close in the fourth quarter
                                             of 2025 and the first quarter of 2026 and are subject to customary closing conditions. GBL Capital has also confirmed
                                             that it has transferred €0.6 billion of unfunded commitments and will no longer make new commitments in this strategy.
                                          Investment in Affidea: In October 2025, GBL invested an additional €150 million in Affidea, an investment originally
                                             acquired in 2022 that has since created significant value organically and through accretive investments.                                             1




                                       1 As at the end of the first quarter of 2025, which was used as a reference for the sales process.


                                             A  32                                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


R ES U LTS
Contribution to Power Corporation




                                                                                                                                                                                PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                                        Three months ended                Nine months ended
                                                                                     September 30,               June 30,      September 30,   September 30,   September 30,
                                                                                            2025                    2025              2024            2025            2024
Average direct ownership (%) 1                                                                  17.1                16.9               16.5            16.8            16.0
Contribution to earnings
  Net earnings (loss)                                                                             (78)                (15)              (62)            (68)             13
  Adjusted net earnings (loss)                                                                    (11)                (15)              (18)            (23)             57

Total dividend received 2                                                                                                                              175               92

                                                                                                                                               September 30,   December 31,
As at                                                                                                                                                 2025           2024
Contribution to holding company balance sheets
  Investment in GBL, carrying value                                                                                                                  3,519           3,683
  % of total holding company assets                                                                                                                    11.9            12.8


   Investment in GBL, fair value                                                                                                                     2,737           2,162
   % of total holding company assets, at fair value                                                                                                     5.3              4.8
1 Average direct ownership presented does not consider the effect of the treasury shares held by GBL. The average economic ownership including the effect of treasury
  shares was 18.7% for the three-month period ended September 30, 2025 (17.9% in the third quarter of 2024).
2 The dividend received from Parjointco was €112 million for the period ended September 30, 2025, compared with €62 million for the period ended September 30, 2024.


Reconciliation of contribution to net earnings and adjusted net earnings of Power Corporation
                                                                                                                         Three months ended               Nine months ended
                                                                                        September 30,             June 30,     September 30,   September 30,   September 30,
                                                                                               2025                  2025             2024            2025            2024
Contribution to Power Corporation’s
  Adjusted net earnings (loss)                                                                      (11)               (15)             (18)            (23)             57
  Adjustments
     Loss on partial divestment of GBL Capital portfolio                                            (67)                  −               −             (67)              −
     Share of Affidea's gain on debt modification                                                      −                  −               −              22               −
     Imerys’ currency translation reclassification and impairment                                      −                  −             (44)              −              (44)
                                                                                                    (67)                  −             (44)            (45)             (44)
   Net earnings (loss)                                                                              (78)               (15)             (62)            (68)             13




                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                     A  33
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




                                       Contribution to net earnings (loss) as reported by GBL




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                                                                              Three months ended                           Nine months ended
                                                                                                                             September 30,             June 30,       September 30,             September 30,   September 30,
                                       (in millions of euros)                                                                       2025                  2025               2024                      2025            2024

                                       Share of earnings (loss) of associates and consolidated
                                        operating companies of:
                                          Imerys                                                                                          21                 26                 (157)                    60              (79)
                                          Parques Reunidos/Piolin II                                                                      14                 34                    25                      9              (7)
                                          Canyon                                                                                            2                 −                     −                     −               −
                                          Sanoptis                                                                                       (34)               (49)                   (9)                 (104)             (39)
                                          Affidea                                                                                         20                (27)                   (3)                   77              (16)
                                          GBL Capital and Sienna Investment Managers                                                        2               (13)                    5                    (15)            19
                                                                                                                                          25                (29)                (139)                    27            (122)
                                       Net dividends from investments:
                                         SGS                                                                                               −                  −                     −                    98             126
                                         Pernod Ricard                                                                                     −                 41                     −                    41              41
                                         adidas                                                                                            −                 11                     −                    11                6
                                         Umicore                                                                                           −                 10                     9                    10              31
                                         Concentrix                                                                                         3                  2                    2                    10                9
                                         Other                                                                                             −                  −                     1                     −                1
                                                                                                                                            3                64                    12                   170             214
                                       Other financial income (expenses)                                                               (144)                (44)                  (57)                 (179)             53
                                       Other operating income (expenses)                                                                 (54)               (60)                  (42)                 (149)           (120)
                                       Gains (losses) from disposals, impairments and reversals of
                                        non-current assets                                                                               (84)                 (1)                  12                    (86)            42
                                       Interest income (expenses)                                                                           1                20                   (10)                     8             (11)
                                       Taxes                                                                                               −                  −                     −                     −               (1)
                                       Net earnings (loss) 1 2                                                                         (253)                (50)                (224)                  (209)             55
                                       1 Described as “IFRS consolidated net result” in GBL’s publicly disclosed information.
                                       2 Attributable to GBL shareholders.


                                                                Q3 2025 vs. Q3 2024 and Q2 2025                                                                     Year-to-date 2025 vs. 2024

                                       Net earnings (loss)
                                       Net loss of €253 million, compared with a net loss of €224 million                       Net loss of €209 million, compared with net earnings of €55 million
                                       in the corresponding period in 2024, and a net loss of €50 million                       in the corresponding period in 2024.
                                       in the second quarter of 2025.



                                       For the three-month period ended September 30, 2025, the net loss was €253 million, compared with a net loss of
                                       €224 million in the corresponding quarter in 2024. The decrease in net earnings of €29 million was mainly due to:
                                          A decrease in the contribution from other financial income (expenses) of €87 million to a negative contribution to GBL of
                                             €144 million, compared with a negative contribution of €57 million in the corresponding quarter in 2024. Other financial
                                             income includes a net decrease in the fair value of GBL Capital’s investments in alternative funds and direct co-
                                             investments in private equity classified as FVPL of €149 million, compared with a net decrease in fair value of €54 million
                                             in the corresponding quarter in 2024. The decrease in the third quarter of 2025 reflects the estimated transaction value
                                             of the assets included in the recently announced partial disposal of the GBL Capital portfolio;
                                          A decrease in the contribution from gains (losses) from disposals, impairments and reversals of non-current assets of
                                             €96 million to a negative contribution to GBL of €84 million, compared with a positive contribution of €12 million in the
                                             corresponding period in 2024. The contribution from gains (losses) from disposals, impairments and reversals of non-current
                                             assets includes impairments on investments by GBL Capital in the third quarter of 2025, primarily due to a decrease in the
                                             estimated recoverable amount related to the recently announced transaction discussed above;
                                          An increase in other operating expenses of €12 million to €54 million. Other operating expenses in the three-month period
                                             ended September 30, 2025 includes an expense of €17 million related to a carried interest program implemented in January
                                             2024 and a charge related to the revaluation of long-term incentive plans of €5 million; and
                                          A decrease in dividends of €9 million to €3 million, mainly due to a decrease in the dividend received from Umicore.




                                             A  34                                                P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


 Partially offset by:
  An increase in the contribution from the share of earnings of associates and consolidated operating companies of
    €164 million to a positive contribution to GBL to €25 million, compared with a negative contribution of €139 million in




                                                                                                                                      PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
    the corresponding quarter in 2024, mainly due to:
       An increase in the contribution from Imerys of €178 million, to a positive contribution to GBL of €21 million. In the third
         quarter of 2024, Imerys disposed of its assets serving the paper market, resulting in a non-cash loss of €302 million from
         the reclassification of the related cumulative translation adjustment in earnings (mainly arising from the devaluation of
         the Brazilian real). GBL’s share of this loss was €166 million; and
       An increase in the contribution from Affidea of €23 million and Canyon of €2 million to a positive contribution to GBL of
         €20 million and €2 million, respectively.
      Partially offset by:
       An increase in the negative contribution from Sanoptis of €25 million to a negative contribution to GBL of €34 million;
       A decrease in the positive contribution from Parques of €11 million to a positive contribution to GBL’s earnings of
         €14 million; and
       A decrease in the positive contribution from investments consolidated or accounted for using the equity method by
         GBL Capital and Sienna Investment Managers of €3 million to a positive contribution to GBL’s earnings of €2 million.
  An increase in the contribution from interest income (expenses) of €11 million to a positive contribution to GBL of
    €1 million, compared with a negative contribution of €10 million in the corresponding quarter in 2024, mainly due to the
    receipt of default interest related to withholding taxes unduly applied to dividends received in 2008 as well as an increase
    in interest income on cash and cash equivalents.
For the nine-month period ended September 30, 2025, the net loss was €209 million, compared with net earnings of €55 million
in the corresponding period in 2024. The increase in net loss of €264 million was mainly due to:
  A decrease in the contribution from other financial income (expenses) of €232 million to a negative contribution to GBL
    of €179 million in the nine-month period ended September 30, 2025, compared with a positive contribution of
    €53 million in the corresponding period in 2024. Other financial income includes a net decrease in the fair value of GBL
    Capital’s investments in alternative funds and direct co-investments in private equity classified as FVPL of €157 million,
    compared with a net increase in fair value of €66 million in the corresponding period in 2024, as explained in the three-
    month period above;
  A decrease in the contribution from gains (losses) from disposals, impairments and reversals of non-current assets of
    €128 million to a negative contribution to GBL of €86 million, compared with a positive contribution of €42 million in the
    corresponding period in 2024, for the same reason explained in the three-month period above. As well, the first quarter
    of 2024 included a gain related to the sale of one investment by GBL Capital;
  A decrease in dividends of €44 million to €170 million, mainly due to a decrease in the dividend received from SGS due
    to a decrease in GBL’s interest in the first quarter of 2025 and a decrease in the dividend received from Umicore; and
  An increase in the negative contribution from other operating income (expenses) of €29 million to a negative contribution
    to GBL of €149 million, compared with a negative contribution of €120 million in the corresponding period in 2024. Other
    operating expenses in the nine-month period ended September 30, 2025 includes an expense of €35 million related to
    a carried interest program and a charge related to the revaluation of long-term incentive plans of €23 million.
 Partially offset by:
  An increase in the contribution from the share of earnings of associates and consolidated operating companies of
    €149 million to a positive contribution to GBL of €27 million, compared with a negative contribution of €122 million in
    the corresponding period in 2024, mainly due to:
       An increase in the contribution from Imerys of €139 million to a positive contribution of €60 million, mainly due to
         the same reason explained in the three-month period above; and
       An increase in the contribution from Parques of €16 million and Affidea of €93 million, to a positive contribution of
         €9 million and €77 million, respectively.
      Partially offset by:
       An increase in the negative contribution from Sanoptis of €65 million to a negative contribution to GBL of
         €104 million; and
       A decrease in the contribution from investments consolidated or accounted for using the equity method by GBL
         Capital and Sienna Investment Managers of €34 million to a negative contribution to GBL’s earnings of €15 million.
  An increase in the contribution from interest income (expenses) of €19 million to a positive contribution of €8 million,
    compared with a negative contribution of €11 million in the corresponding period in 2024, mainly due to the same
    reasons explained in the three-month period above.




                             P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5   A  35
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       Average Exchange Rates
                                       The average exchange rates for the three-month and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2025 and 2024 were as follows:




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                                        Three months ended                                                   Nine months ended
                                                                                    September 30,          September 30,                                 September 30,            September 30,
                                                                                           2025                   2024               Change %                   2025                     2024        Change %


                                       EUR/CAD                                             1.6092                 1.4984                    7.4                  1.5633                1.4784             5.7


                                       Adjustments
                                       Management of the Corporation applies the definition of adjusted net earnings to the results reported by GBL and identifies
                                       Adjustments. Adjustments are items excluded from GBL’s contribution to the Corporation’s net earnings in the determination
                                       of the contribution to adjusted net earnings.
                                       In the nine months ended September 30, 2025, Adjustments with a net negative impact of $45 million consist of:
                                         In the third quarter, Adjustments with a negative earnings impact of $67 million consisted of the Corporation’s
                                           proportionate share of the net loss recognized by GBL on the partial disposal of its GBL Capital portfolio. The majority of
                                           this portfolio was classified as FVPL and the estimated transaction value has been reflected in the carrying value of the
                                           divested assets at September 30, 2025.
                                         Partially offset by Adjustments with a positive earnings impact of $22 million related to the Corporation’s proportionate
                                           share of the earnings impact of Affidea, resulting from the renegotiation of its debt conditions, recognized in the first
                                           quarter.
                                       In the nine months ended September 30, 2024, Adjustments with a net negative impact of $44 million consisted of the
                                       Corporation’s proportionate share of the non-cash loss recognized by Imerys on its disposition of assets serving the paper
                                       market, primarily due to the reclassification of the related cumulative translation adjustment in earnings, recognized in the
                                       third quarter.

                                       GBL’s financial results and other disclosures have been derived from GBL’s publicly disclosed financial information, as issued
                                       by GBL in its third quarter of 2025 press release and its half-year report at June 30, 2025. Further information on GBL’s results
                                       is available on its website (www.gbl.com).




                                           A  36                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


OTHER COMPONENTS OF EARNINGS

Sagard and Power Sustainable




                                                                                                                                       PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
The Corporation, through its alternative asset investment platforms, Sagard and Power Sustainable, continues to develop
asset management businesses which build upon the investment capabilities that have been created over many years in several
high-growth asset classes. The alternative asset investment platforms are focused on growing their asset management
businesses through raising third-party capital as well as the expansion of strategies and asset classes:
  Sagard is a global multi-strategy alternative asset management firm active in venture capital, private equity, private credit
    and real estate. Sagard delivers flexible capital, an entrepreneurial culture, and a global network of investors, commercial
    partners, advisors, and value creation experts to its portfolio companies. Sagard also engages in private wealth
    management and holds strategic interests in other alternative asset management businesses. The firm has offices in
    Canada, the U.S., Europe and the Middle East.
  Power Sustainable is a sustainability-focused investment manager with offices in Canada and the U.S. Power Sustainable
    finances companies and projects that aim for both competitive returns and positive sustainability outcomes, and offers
    institutional investors exposure to alternative assets which aim to accelerate and scale sustainable solutions across
    multiple industries. Power Sustainable is currently comprised of four strategies: Power Sustainable Energy Infrastructure,
    Power Sustainable Infrastructure Credit, Power Sustainable Lios (agri-food private equity) and Power Sustainable Decarb PE.

2025 DEVELOPMENTS
Sagard

INVESTMENTS IN SHMI
  GBL investment in SHMI: In March 2025, GBL, through GBL Capital, invested US$33 million and acquired a 5% interest
    (on a fully diluted basis) in SHMI. GBL also agreed to make future commitments of €250 million over the following five
    years in Sagard-managed strategies. This partnership reinforces Sagard’s long-term growth strategy, strengthening its
    capital base as well as solidifying GBL’s relationship as an anchor LP in certain strategies.
  Baird Financial Group (Baird) investment in SHMI: On September 9, 2025, Sagard and Baird announced a multi-faceted
    strategic partnership expected to accelerate their U.S. wealth channel expansion. As part of the partnership, Baird
    invested US$34 million and acquired a 5% interest (on a fully diluted basis) in SHMI, and Baird will facilitate the distribution
    of appropriate, differentiated Sagard strategies to its private wealth network clients, with joint efforts on product
    innovation, advisor engagement, and ecosystem-wide growth.
 The Corporation remains the controlling shareholder of SHMI subsequent to these transactions and the transactions did not
 have a significant impact on the consolidated financial statements.
STRATEGIC PARTNERSHIPS BY SHMI
  SHMI acquisition of BEX Capital (BEX): In June 2025, SHMI completed the previously announced transaction to acquire
    a strategic interest in BEX Capital, a specialized secondaries investment firm with offices in Nice and New York. Sagard’s
    investment in BEX marks a significant step in its expansion into private equity secondaries. The agreement includes a
    path for Sagard to acquire all of the remaining equity of BEX on December 31, 2029. Upon closing of the transaction, the
    Corporation determined that it has control of BEX, through Sagard, in accordance with IFRS 10, Consolidated Financial
    Statements. As a result, the Corporation consolidated BEX on the date of acquisition. BEX had $3.3 billion (US$2.4 billion)
    of assets under management at September 30, 2025.
  Additional investment in Performance Equity Management (PEM): In August 2025, SHMI acquired an additional 62.0%
    interest in PEM, increasing its economic interest to 100%, primarily in exchange for Class B shares which are expected to
    be settled on December 31, 2028. The acquisition of the remaining economic interest in PEM will facilitate collaboration
    and integration within Sagard’s growing strategy in private equity investment solutions. The Corporation continues to
    have control of PEM, through Sagard, in accordance with IFRS 10, Consolidated Financial Statements; the transaction did
    not have a significant impact on the financial statements.
  SHMI acquisition of Unigestion Private Equity Holding SA (Unigestion) private equity business: On September 23, 2025,
    Sagard and Unigestion announced the combination of their middle market private equity businesses, combining their
    private equity primaries, secondaries and co-investment activities. The new platform, excluding Sagard’s direct private
    equity strategies, will manage over US$23 billion in private equity assets and will offer an enhanced geographical reach
    and product scope, delivering bespoke and scalable private equity solutions across primaries, secondaries and co-
    investments to institutional and high net worth investors. The transaction is expected to close in early 2026, subject to
    regulatory approvals and customary closing conditions. The Corporation, through Sagard, expects to acquire 100% of
    the equity of Unigestion and as such consolidate the private equity activities of Unigestion subsequent to closing of the
    transaction.




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5   A  37
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




                                       Sagard and Power Sustainable comprise the results of the investment platforms, which include income earned from asset
                                       management and investing activities:




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                                      SAGARD                                                        POWER SUSTAINABLE


                                                       Sagard and Power Sustainable are                       Fee-related earnings                                                    Fee-related earnings
                                           ASSET       focused on growing their asset
                                                                                                                           +                                                                        +
                                                       management businesses through
                                        MANAGEMENT
                                                       raising third-party capital as well as                 Carried Interest                                                        Carried Interest
                                                       the expansion of strategies and                               +                                                                       +
                                         ACTIVITIES
                                                       asset classes.                                 Other management activities and                                           Other management activities
                                                                                                            strategic interests 1                                                 (Potentia and Nautilus) 1


                                                                                                Investment                     Accounting                            Investment                          Accounting
                                                       Power Corporation invests
                                                       proprietary capital in the strategies     Venture Capital              FVPL                                Energy Infrastructure                Consolidated 2
                                         INVESTING     of its investment platforms to               Wealthsimple              Consolidated                        Infrastructure Credit                FVPL
                                                       support their growth and                  Private Equity               FVPL
                                          ACTIVITIES
                                                       development as asset managers
                                                       and seeks to earn attractive returns      Private Credit               FVPL
                                                       commensurate with the risk profile.       Real Estate                  FVPL


                                       1 Sagard includes the share of earnings of the private wealth investment platform and other strategic interests. Power Sustainable includes the other management activities
                                         (Potentia and Nautilus) performed on behalf of PSEIP, including operations and maintenance (O&M), valued-added and customer acquisition services.
                                       2 Investments in Energy Infrastructure are required to be consolidated in accordance with IFRS. Contribution to earnings represents the Corporation's share of earnings
                                         from the underlying activities of PSEIP and direct investments (i.e., revenues and expenses of projects, related financing expenses, depreciation, development and general
                                         and administrative (G&A) expenses), as well as the impact related to the revaluation of the equity interests held by third parties in PSEIP.



                                       CONTRIBU TION TO POWER COR POR ATION
                                       Summary of Adjusted and net earnings (loss) from Sagard and Power Sustainable:
                                                                                                                                                                Three months ended                           Nine months ended
                                                                                                                               September 30,             June 30,      September 30,              September 30,   September 30,
                                                                                                                                      2025                  2025              2024                       2025            2024
                                       Contribution to Power Corporation’s:
                                         Adjusted net earnings (loss)
                                            Asset management activities
                                               Sagard                                                                                         1                  8                    6                      5               6
                                               Power Sustainable                                                                           (11)               (14)                  (24)                   (31)            (56)
                                            Investing activities (proprietary capital)
                                               Sagard                                                                                      (12)                98                    (6)                  127              26
                                               Power Sustainable                                                                             (5)                 1                   (6)                    (1)            (37)
                                                                                                                                           (27)                93                   (30)                  100              (61)
                                          Adjustments
                                               Power Sustainable                                                                           (35)                49                   (35)                     2             (14)
                                          Net earnings (loss)                                                                              (62)              142                    (65)                  102              (75)




                                               A  38                                                P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


The following sections discuss the overview and results of the asset management and investing activities of the investment
platforms.




                                                                                                                                                                                           PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
ASS ET MANAG EMENT ACTIVITIES
Overview of the businesses

SAGARD
At September 30, 2025, Sagard had $46.3 billion (US$33.2 billion) of assets under management ($39.3 billion
(US$27.3 billion) at December 31, 2024), including unfunded commitments (refer to the section “Other Measures”), across
four asset classes: venture capital, private equity, private credit and real estate, including $1.5 billion through its private wealth
investment platform ($1.2 billion at December 31, 2024). At September 30, 2025, assets under management managed
through PEM’s fund of funds, direct investment funds and separately managed accounts and BEX’s secondaries strategies
represented $16.9 billion (US$12.2 billion).
Sagard manages assets within funds, separately managed accounts and co-investment vehicles. The composition by strategy
of the assets under management is as follows:
                                                                                                                                              September 30,           December 31,
(in billions of dollars)                                                                                                                             2025                   2024

Venture Capital 1 2                                                                                                                                    13.7                    11.3
Private Equity 2 3                                                                                                                                     17.0                    12.9
Private Credit                                                                                                                                           7.1                     6.6
Real Estate                                                                                                                                              7.2                     7.4
        4
Other                                                                                                                                                    1.3                     1.1
Assets under management                                                                                                                                46.3                    39.3
   Power Corporation                                                                                                                                     2.6                     2.0

   Third parties and associated companies        5
                                                                                                                                                        43.7                    37.3

Fee-bearing capital 6 7                                                                                                                                29.1                    26.5
   Power Corporation                                                                                                                                     1.2                     1.1

   Third parties and associated companies        5
                                                                                                                                                        27.9                    25.4
1 Includes inter-fund eliminations of Portage Ventures I and Portage Ventures II interests in the Diagram Funds within the Venture Capital asset class.
2 At September 30, 2025, assets under management managed through PEM’s strategies represented $5.2 billion (US$3.8 billion) within the venture capital asset class and
  $8.4 billion (US$6.0 billion) within the private equity asset class ($5.2 billion (US$3.6 billion) within the venture capital asset class and $7.9 billion (US$5.5 billion) within the
  private equity asset class at December 31, 2024.)
3 At September 30, 2025, assets under management managed through BEX funds represented $3.3 billion (US$2.4 billion) within the private equity asset class.
4 Includes assets managed through its private wealth investment platform, as well as inter-fund eliminations between the private wealth investment platform and other asset
  classes.
5 Associated companies includes commitments from management, as well as commitments from Lifeco, IGM and GBL.
6 Refer to the section “Other Measures”.
7 Excludes the fee-bearing capital of Sagard’s private wealth investment platform of $1.4 billion at September 30, 2025 ($1.2 billion at December 31, 2024).


Sagard’s weighted average management fee rate (refer to the section “Other Measures”) was 0.93% for the three-month
period ended September 30, 2025, compared with 0.96% in the corresponding quarter in 2024. The decrease is primarily
due to the change in the composition of assets under management and related fee rates including the impact from the
acquisition of BEX in the second quarter of 2025.
Sagard’s weighted average management fee rate was 0.90% for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2025,
compared with 1.02% in the corresponding period in 2024. The decrease is primarily due to the change in the composition
of assets under management and related fee rates including the impacts from the acquisition of BEX in the second quarter of
2025 and PEM in the first quarter of 2024.




                                     P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                         A  39
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       The following table provides information on the funds managed by Sagard as well as the Corporation’s interests in each of
                                       the funds:




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       September 30, 2025                                                                                                          Interest held                          Manager compensation
                                       (in millions; except                                                           Capital               Power Associated               Third                                       Carried
                                         as otherwise noted)                          Currency           Vintage commitments           Corporation companies 1            parties            Fees 2                   interest 3
                                                                                                                                ($)               (%)             (%)         (%)              (%)                         (%)
                                       Venture Capital
                                       Portage Ventures I 4                              C$                2016              478               38.1            61.9            −             2.00 Invested capital       10.0
                                       Portage Ventures II 5                             C$                2018              427               12.4            16.8        70.8              2.00 Invested capital       20.0
                                       Portage Ventures III 5                           US$                2021              655                 2.4           15.3        82.3              2.25 Invested capital       20.0
                                       Portage Ventures IV 6                            US$                2024              471                 5.3           14.9        79.8              2.50 Committed capital      20.0
                                       Portage Capital Solutions                        US$                2023              513               29.2            33.9        36.9              2.00 Committed capital      20.0
                                       Diagram Funds 7                                   C$       2016-2023                  400               17.7            17.5        64.8       1.00-2.50 Committed capital     nil-20.0
                                       PEM Venture Capital (PVC)
                                          PEM-PVC I-II                                  US$       2005-2008                1,334                   −             0.3       99.7          nil-0.38 Committed capital        5.0
                                          PEM-PVC III                                   US$                2014              149                   −             2.6       97.4              0.50 Committed capital        5.0
                                          PEM-PVC IV-V                                  US$       2018-2021                  473                   −             2.5       97.5       0.30-0.95 Committed capital          5.0
                                          PEM-PVC VI and SOF 6                          US$                2024              218                 2.3             1.0       96.7       0.30-0.95 Committed capital          5.0
                                       Private Equity
                                       Sagard Private Equity Canada                      C$                2021              407                 3.7           13.7        82.6              2.00 Committed capital      20.0
                                       Sagard MidCap II 5                                 €                2007              728               22.4            25.6        52.0              1.75 Invested capital       20.0
                                       Sagard MidCap 3 5 8                                €                2013              729                 0.2           21.5        78.3              2.00 Invested capital       20.0
                                       Sagard MidCap 4                                    €                2020              815               18.6            21.6        59.8              1.75 Committed capital      20.0
                                       Sagard NewGen 5                                    €                2020              313                 6.0           12.6        81.4              2.00 Invested capital       20.0
                                       Sagard NewGen 2 6                                  €                2025              217               11.2            23.2        65.6              2.00 Committed capital      20.0
                                       Sagard Private Equity Strategies 9               US$                2025                63              58.7              1.7       39.6       1.00-1.30 Net asset value          12.5
                                       BEX Private Equity
                                          BEX II                                          €                2018                 60                 −             0.8       99.2       0.45-0.75 Committed capital        15.0
                                          BEX III                                       US$                2019               365                  −             0.8       99.2       0.60-1.05 Committed capital        15.0
                                          BEX IV                                        US$                2022               765                  −             1.0       99.0       0.75-1.35 Committed capital        15.0
                                          BEX V                                         US$                2025               786                  −             1.0       99.0       0.75-1.50 Committed capital        15.0
                                       PEM Direct Investment (PDI)
                                          PEM-PDI III-IV                                US$       2014-2019                  474                   −             2.4       97.6              1.00 Invested capital       10.0
                                          PEM-PDI V                                     US$                2024              386                 7.8             2.0       90.2              1.00 Committed capital      10.0
                                       Private Credit
                                       Sagard Credit Partners I                         US$                2018              557               18.0              1.0       81.0              1.50 Invested capital       15.0
                                       Sagard Credit Partners II                        US$                2022            1,167                 4.3             5.2       90.5              1.50 Invested capital       20.0
                                       Sagard Senior Lending Partners                   US$                2023              501                   −           20.8        79.2              1.25 Invested capital       15.0
                                       Sagard Private Credit 9                           C$                2024              132               18.4                −       81.6       1.00-1.30 Net asset value          15.0
                                       Sagard Healthcare Partners 10                    US$                2019            1,278                 9.4             0.5       90.1       1.50-1.75 Committed capital        20.0
                                       Real Estate
                                       USPF 9                                           US$                2002              874                 1.8           25.0        73.2       0.75-0.98 Net asset value              −
                                       1 Associated companies includes commitments from management as well as commitments from Lifeco ($33 million in Portage Ventures II, US$59 million in Portage Ventures III,
                                         US$60 million in Portage Ventures IV, US$143 million in Portage Capital Solutions, $50 million in SPEC, €50 million in Sagard MidCap 4, €10 million in Sagard NewGen 2,
                                         US$50 million in Sagard Credit Partners II, US$101 million in SSLP, and US$219 million in USPF), IGM ($33 million in Portage Ventures II, US$26 million in Portage Ventures III
                                         and US$10 million in Portage Ventures IV), Pargesa (€33 million in Sagard MidCap II), and GBL (US$25 million in Portage Capital Solutions, €102 million in Sagard MidCap II,
                                         €153 million in Sagard MidCap 3, €105 million in Sagard MidCap 4, €15 million in Sagard NewGen and €40 million in Sagard NewGen 2). Lifeco and IGM have invested
                                         $27 million and $268 million, respectively, in Portage Ventures I.
                                       2 Represents the base management fees. The management fees presented for the PVC and BEX funds represent the range of base fees over the remaining life of each fund.
                                       3 Represents the base carried interest for each fund. Sagard will receive an allocation of carried interest for the PEM and BEX funds with vintage years subsequent to their
                                         acquisition in 2024 and 2025, respectively. Carried interest for Sagard Private Equity Strategies and Sagard Private Credit is realized on a quarterly basis when investment returns
                                         exceed a predetermined hurdle rate, and is not subject to clawback.
                                       4 Includes investments held by Portage Ventures I, Power Financial and IGM, through limited partnerships controlled by Power Financial, in Wealthsimple.
                                       5 During the investment period, management fees were based on committed capital. Since the close of the investment period, management fees are based on invested capital,
                                         which may include a reserve for follow-on investments.
                                       6 Fundraising activities continue for Portage Ventures IV, PEM-PVC VI, PEM-PVC SOF and Sagard NewGen 2.
                                       7 The Diagram Funds include Diagram Ventures I, Diagram Ventures II, Diagram Ventures III, Diagram Opportunity and Diagram ClimateTech. Total capital commitments includes
                                         amounts committed by Portage Ventures I and Portage Ventures II. Associated companies includes commitments from management as well as commitments from Portage
                                         Ventures I ($10 million in Diagram Ventures I) and Portage Ventures II ($10 million in Diagram Ventures I and $35 million in Diagram Ventures II). Diagram Ventures I and II do
                                         not have carried interests.
                                       8 The Corporation’s interest is held in carried interest units.
                                       9 Sagard Private Equity Strategies, Sagard Private Credit and USPF are open-ended funds and generally invest all committed capital; as such the capital commitments of the funds
                                         are representative of the net asset value (refer to the section “Other Measures”). USPF is managed by Sagard Real Estate through a management service agreement.
                                       10 Represents Series I and II; the interest in the fund is based on invested capital as of September 30, 2025. The investment period is completed for the first series which represents
                                          a total commitment of $726 million; base compensation for Series I is 1.50% on invested capital.




                                             A  40                                                       P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


The following table summarizes the activities of the funds managed by Sagard:
September 30, 2025                                                                                                                     Commitments




                                                                                                                                                                                      PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
(in millions; except                                                                                                                                 Distributions to
  as otherwise noted)                                                           Currency         Total funded          Unfunded           Unfunded             date 1       NAV 2
                                                                                                             ($)                 ($)           (%)               ($)            ($)
Venture Capital
Portage Ventures I 3                                                               C$                     478                    −              −              626         3,918
Portage Ventures II                                                                C$                     414                    13           3.0                64         962
Portage Ventures III                                                              US$                     510                145             22.1                 −         689
Portage Ventures IV                                                               US$                     109                362             76.8                 −             94
Portage Capital Solutions                                                         US$                     243                270             52.7                14         283
Diagram Funds                                                                      C$                     228                172             42.9                82         298
PVC Funds 4
   PEM-PVC I-II 5                                                                 US$                   1,315                    19           1.5            3,095              29
   PEM-PVC III                                                                    US$                     145                     4           2.8              297          281
   PEM-PVC IV-V                                                                   US$                     338                135             28.5                25         413
   PEM-PVC VI and SOF                                                             US$                       82               136             62.4                 −         106
Private Equity
Sagard Private Equity Canada                                                       C$                     220                187             45.9                 −         234
Sagard MidCap II                                                                    €                     722                     6           0.9            1,163              17
Sagard MidCap 3                                                                     €                     682                    47           6.5            1,761          225
Sagard MidCap 4 6                                                                   €                     742                148             18.1              420          804
Sagard NewGen 6                                                                     €                     305                    32          10.2                74         372
Sagard NewGen 2                                                                     €                         5              212             97.5                 −              2
BEX Funds 7
   BEX II                                                                           €                       54                    6          10.0              128              46
   BEX III                                                                        US$                     237                128             35.0                97         300
   BEX IV                                                                         US$                     438                327             42.7                 −         622
   BEX V                                                                          US$                     242                544             69.2                 −         364
PDI Funds 4
   PEM-PDI III-IV 6                                                               US$                     469                    10           2.1              669          442
   PEM-PDI V                                                                      US$                     128                258             66.9                 −         142
Private Credit
Sagard Credit Partners I                                                          US$                     548                     9           1.5              669              48
Sagard Credit Partners II 6                                                       US$                     582                717             61.4              210          558
Sagard Senior Lending Partners                                                    US$                     192                309             61.7                11         204
Sagard Healthcare Partners 6                                                      US$                     973                323             25.3              477          723
1 Excludes distributions which have been recalled by the fund for reinvestment, as well as distributions made by the fund due to rebalancing from increases in fund size.
2 Net asset value (NAV) of the fund represents the fair value of investments held within the fund, net of any liabilities, and includes the controlled and consolidated
  investments held through the fund presented at fair value. Refer to the section “Adjusted Net Asset Value” for a description of the Corporation’s fair value adjustments to
  controlled and consolidated investments.
3 Includes investments held by Portage Ventures I, Power Financial and IGM, through limited partnerships controlled by Power Financial, in Wealthsimple, which represents
  a fair value of $3.8 billion at September 30, 2025 ($2.1 billion at December 31, 2024).
4 In the first quarter of 2024, Sagard acquired a controlling interest in PEM. The activities of the funds managed by PEM are presented since the inception of each fund.
5 In the second quarter of 2025, PEM-PVC I and II were closed; on closing, a total distribution of US$415 million was transferred into a continuation fund. Certain LPs of PEM-
  PVC I and II are also LPs in the PEM-PVC continuation fund.
6 Total funded commitments represent the net cash funded for portfolio investments and fund expenses since inception, excluding amounts that have been recalled by the
  fund. The unfunded commitments presented for funds within the investment period, for Sagard MidCap 4, Sagard NewGen, PEM-PDI IV, Sagard Credit Partners II and
  Sagard Healthcare Partners, includes amounts distributed of €75 million, €24 million, US$5 million, US$132 million and US$18 million, respectively, which are recallable
  by the fund.
7 In the second quarter of 2025, Sagard acquired a controlling interest in BEX Capital. The activities of the funds managed by BEX are presented since the inception of each
  fund.




                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                          A  41
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       Venture Capital (fintech investments)
                                         Sagard’s venture capital asset class is managed under the Portage, Diagram and PEM platforms.




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       PORTAGE
                                         Portage is a global fintech and financial services investment platform. Its mission is to empower entrepreneurs reshaping
                                             financial services by partnering with ambitious companies across all stages through Portage Ventures and Portage Capital
                                             Solutions.
                                               Portage Ventures is a global fintech venture capital investment strategy dedicated to supporting fintech innovators
                                                 in insurance, consumer & small and medium business finance, wealth & asset management, and fintech enablers.
                                                 Through its funds, Portage Ventures has invested in more than 120 fintech companies and investment funds.
                                               Portage Capital Solutions is a capital partner that delivers flexible equity capital solutions and resources to later-stage
                                                 fintech and financial services businesses.

                                       DIAGRAM
                                         Diagram is a venture builder that conceives and launches technology companies and a venture investor that invests in
                                             early stage companies, primarily in the financial services (fintech) and climate tech spaces. Diagram has launched and
                                             invested in more than 40 companies across five funds.

                                       PEM
                                         PEM has a venture capital fund of funds program with an emphasis on access-constrained U.S. early and late-stage
                                             technology-centric asset managers. This investment strategy, through funds and separately managed accounts, provides
                                             investors with access to selected managers, many of which are closed to new investors.

                                       Private Equity
                                         Sagard’s private equity asset class is managed under the Sagard, BEX Capital and PEM platforms.

                                       SAGARD
                                         Sagard, under its private equity asset class, manages four strategies: Sagard Private Equity Canada, Sagard MidCap
                                             (Europe), Sagard NewGen (Europe), and Sagard Private Equity Strategies.
                                               Sagard Private Equity Canada is a private equity strategy investing in the Canadian middle market, with a focus on
                                                 business and financial services, as well as manufacturing.
                                               Sagard MidCap is a European private equity investment strategy that invests in middle-market business services,
                                                 healthcare, food & consumer, and industrial sectors.
                                               Sagard NewGen is a European private equity investment strategy that supports entrepreneurs in the technology and
                                                 healthcare industries.
                                               Sagard Private Equity Strategies offers Canadian accredited investors access to institutional-calibre private equity.
                                                 The fund invests in a broadly diversified portfolio of secondaries, co-investments, and primaries, with a focus on the
                                                 small and middle-market.

                                       BEX
                                         BEX Capital’s investment strategy focuses on the acquisition of positions in global private equity fund of funds, secondary
                                             funds and co-investment funds.

                                       PEM
                                         PEM manages an investment strategy which focuses on a diversified portfolio of primarily U.S. small and middle-market
                                             buyouts sourced from selected asset managers, including co-investment opportunities. PEM offers this investment
                                             strategy through funds and separately managed accounts.




                                             A  42                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


Private Credit
  Sagard, under the private credit asset class, manages four strategies, Sagard Credit, Sagard Senior Lending, Sagard
    Private Credit and Sagard Healthcare, and includes a strategic investment in HalseyPoint.




                                                                                                                                     PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
       Sagard Credit is a non-sponsor, direct-lending strategy focused on middle-market public and private companies in
         North America. It provides bespoke debt solutions across the credit spectrum in first- and second-lien loans, such as
         unsecured and mezzanine financings, tailored to a company’s specific needs.
       Sagard Senior Lending is a senior direct-lending strategy focused on middle-market companies in North America. It
         provides first-lien, floating-rate debt to public and private middle-market companies to help fund growth and other
         strategic initiatives.
       Sagard Private Credit is an evergreen fund, designed to offer Canadian accredited investors the opportunity to
         participate in private credit. The fund seeks to generate attractive and stable returns driven largely by interest income
         earned on a broadly diversified portfolio of private loans.
       Sagard Healthcare, a biopharmaceutical royalties investment strategy, invests in royalties and credit backed by
         approved and commercialized biopharmaceutical products, diagnostics and medical devices. Sagard Healthcare
         aims to accelerate the returns on innovation for owners of intellectual property, while offering investors an attractive
         healthcare exposure largely uncorrelated to other asset classes.
       HalseyPoint, a manager jointly controlled by Sagard, manages collateralized loan obligations (CLOs) focused on the
         U.S. leveraged loan and high-yield bond markets. HalseyPoint manages AUM of $5.6 billion (US$4.0 billion) at
         September 30, 2025 and has raised to date nine CLOs.
         In 2025, Sagard launched Sagard CLO Equity, a fund that will invest in the equity tranche of future CLOs managed
         by Sagard | HalseyPoint. In the second quarter of 2025, Sagard completed the first close, raising commitments of up
         to US$92.5 million.

Real Estate
  Sagard Real Estate (formerly EverWest) is a real estate investment advisor and operator providing investment management
    services across the U.S. that include acquisitions, asset management, development and property management for its
    investors. Sagard Real Estate is headquartered in Denver, Colorado with regional offices throughout the U.S.
    Sagard Real Estate offers a variety of investment strategies including separately managed accounts and funds.

Private Wealth Investment Platform
  Sagard Wealth (formerly Grayhawk) is a dedicated chief investment office providing institutional-calibre capabilities and
    exclusive access to global investment opportunities, from traditional to alternative strategies, to Canadian families.
    Sagard Wealth had $1.5 billion in assets under management at September 30, 2025 ($1.2 billion at December 31, 2024).
    The Corporation, through Sagard, indirectly holds an 77.3% interest in Sagard Wealth (60.3% at December 31, 2024).




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5   A  43
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       POWER SUSTAINABLE
                                       At September 30, 2025, Power Sustainable had $4.1 billion of assets under management ($4.2 billion at December 31, 2024),
                                       including unfunded commitments. Assets under management reflect the fair value of assets, net of liabilities and project debt,




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       and includes unfunded commitments.
                                       Power Sustainable manages assets within funds and separately managed accounts. The composition of assets under
                                       management is as follows:
                                                                                                                                                                                         September 30,            December 31,
                                       (in millions of dollars)                                                                                                                                 2025                    2024

                                       Power Sustainable Energy Infrastructure                                                                                                                   2,401                    2,902
                                       Power Sustainable Infrastructure Credit                                                                                                                   1,054                    1,035
                                       Power Sustainable Lios                                                                                                                                     268                      261
                                       Power Sustainable Decarb PE                                                                                                                                361                        −
                                       Assets under management                                                                                                                                   4,084                    4,198
                                          Power Corporation                                                                                                                                      1,018                    1,303

                                          Third parties and associated companies 1                                                                                                               3,066                    2,895
                                                                  2
                                       Fee-bearing capital                                                                                                                                       3,370                    2,943
                                          Power Corporation                                                                                                                                       927                     1,107

                                          Third parties and associated companies       1
                                                                                                                                                                                                 2,443                    1,836
                                       1 Associated companies includes commitments from management, as well as commitments from Lifeco.
                                       2 Refer to the section “Other Measures”.


                                       Power Sustainable’s weighted average management fee rate was 1.1% for the three-month and nine-month periods ended
                                       September 30, 2025, compared with 1.0% in the corresponding periods in 2024.
                                       The following table provides information on the strategies managed by Power Sustainable as well as the Corporation’s
                                       interests in each of the strategies:
                                       September 30, 2025                                                                                        Commitments 1                                          Interest held 2
                                                                                                                                 Capital                   Total             Power          Associated          Third
                                       (in millions of dollars; except as otherwise noted)       Currency        Vintage     commitments                 funded         Corporation        companies 3         parties      NAV
                                                                                                                                           ($)                 ($)                 (%)             (%)             (%)       ($)

                                       Power Sustainable Energy
                                        Infrastructure Partnership 4 5                                 C$           2021             1,800               1,745                  28.4             12.9           58.7      2,201
                                       Power Sustainable Infrastructure Credit 6                      US$           2023                745                 297                 19.4             74.9             5.7       309
                                       Power Sustainable Lios                                          C$           2022                285                 140                     −            20.7           79.3        123
                                       Power Sustainable Decarb PE 7                                  US$           2025                266                    3                39.5             28.8           31.7          −
                                       1 Includes amounts of separately managed agreements committed within each strategy.
                                       2 Based on committed capital or NAV as of September 30, 2025.
                                       3 Associated companies includes commitments from management as well as commitments from Lifeco of $220 million in PSEIP, US$600 million in Power Sustainable
                                         Infrastructure Credit, $56 million in Power Sustainable Lios and US$75 million in Power Sustainable Decarb PE.
                                       4 NAV of the fund represents the fair value of investments held within the fund, net of any liabilities and project debt, and includes the controlled and consolidated
                                         investments held through the fund presented at fair value. Refer to the section “Adjusted Net Asset Value” for a description of the Corporation’s fair value adjustments to
                                         controlled and consolidated investments.
                                       5 Excludes direct investments in energy assets, which have a net asset value of $145 million. At September 30, 2025, PSEIP had distributed an amount of $82 million since
                                         inception.
                                       6 In the second quarter of 2024, the Corporation entered into a separately managed account for a total of US$120 million in which it will invest alongside the fund on target
                                         investments. In the fourth quarter of 2024, the Corporation disposed of committed capital of US$5 million through a direct secondary offering; the remaining total
                                         commitment was US$115 million at September 30, 2025. At September 30, 2025, the Corporation had invested US$61 million (C$85 million) through this account.
                                       7 Fund commitments of up to US$330 million, of which US$266 million is currently callable.




                                             A  44                                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


Power Sustainable Energy Infrastructure
Power Sustainable Energy Infrastructure (Power Sustainable Energy) operates a leading North American-focused renewable
energy platform with 3.9 GW of utility-scale and distributed energy assets, including assets under construction, and assets in




                                                                                                                                                                       PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
advanced development projects. Through its wholly owned operating companies, Potentia Renewables and Nautilus Solar,
Power Sustainable Energy has a dedicated team of over 210 in-house professionals to oversee the development, construction,
financing and operation of renewable energy assets across North America.
  Potentia Renewables: Power Sustainable holds a 100% interest in Potentia, a renewable energy generation company,
     which is a fully integrated developer, operator and manager of solar and wind energy assets, active in North America.
  Nautilus Solar: Power Sustainable holds a 100% interest in Nautilus, a company headquartered in Chicago, U.S. that
     acquires, develops, finances and manages distributed solar projects across community, municipal/utility-scale,
     commercial and industrial markets.
The Power Sustainable Energy Infrastructure platform actively manages investments through Power Sustainable Energy
Infrastructure Partnership (PSEIP) and through direct investments in energy infrastructure.
The following table details the composition of the total megawatts of utility-scale and distributed energy assets managed:
                                                                                                                               September 30,        December 31,
(in megawatts (MW))                                                                                                                   2025                2024

Advanced development 1                                                                                                               1,105                   866
Under construction                                                                                                                     297                   253
            1
Operating                                                                                                                            2,514                 2,481
                                                                                                                                     3,916                 3,600
1 Includes projects in which PSEIP has a joint interest representing 613 MW at September 30, 2025, of which 343 MW is included in Advanced development (a total of
  645 MW, of which 343 MW is included in Advanced development at December 31, 2024). During the second quarter of 2025, PSEIP acquired the remainder of the interest
  in one project previously accounted for as a joint venture.


Power Sustainable Energy earns management fees of 0.80% to 1.00% charged on the net asset value of PSEIP as well as a
carried interest of 15%. Power Sustainable Energy also earns management fees of 0.85% charged on the net asset value of
direct investments.
In the second quarter of 2025, wind projects developed by Potentia, representing approximately 425 MW and which had
previously reached commercial operation, were sold to PSEIP. The Corporation received cash proceeds of $262 million.
At September 30, 2025, the total assets on a consolidated basis of PSEIP and direct investments were $6.2 billion ($6.5 billion
at December 31, 2024).

Power Sustainable Infrastructure Credit
Power Sustainable Infrastructure Credit, a global infrastructure credit platform, targets global investments in energy,
transportation and logistics, digital, social and other sustainable infrastructure. The platform, based in the U.S., targets sub-
investment-grade infrastructure investments and seeks to support sustainable assets, portfolios and operating companies
with tailored financing solutions.

Power Sustainable Lios
Power Sustainable Lios is a specialized North American agri-food private equity investment platform supporting the
sustainability transformation occurring within our food system. Lios Fund I, its inaugural fund, invests in growth-oriented, mid-
market companies across the food value chain in North America to drive positive and sustainable change.

Power Sustainable Decarb PE
Power Sustainable Decarbonization Private Equity (Power Sustainable Decarb PE) seeks superior risk-adjusted returns through
investments in established middle-market companies that help decarbonize the North American economy. The strategy
targets investments in the energy, industrial and transportation sectors and the built environment.




                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                           A  45
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       RESULTS – Asset Management Activities

                                                                                                                                                                                  SAGARD                 POWER SUSTAINABLE




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       Asset management activities includes fee-related earnings (a
                                       non-IFRS financial measure, refer to the section “Non-IFRS                                                             ASSET

                                       Financial Measures”), which is comprised of management fees                                                         MANAGEMENT
                                       less investment platform expenses. Asset management                                                                  ACTIVITIES
                                       activities also includes carried interest and income from other
                                       management activities.
                                                                                                                                                             INVESTING

                                                                                                                                                              ACTIVITIES




                                       Summary of the composition of net earnings (loss) from asset management activities:
                                                                                                                                                                Three months ended                          Nine months ended
                                                                                                                            September 30,              June 30,            September 30,         September 30,   September 30,
                                                                                                                                   2025                   2025                    2024                  2025            2024
                                       Adjusted net earnings (loss)
                                       SAGARD
                                         Management fees 1 2                                                                              68                 67                     58                   194             165
                                         Investment platform expenses                                                                   (73)                (70)                    (58)                (210)           (171)
                                          Fee-related earnings (loss) 3                                                                   (5)                  (3)                   −                    (16)             (6)
                                          Net carried interest 4                                                                          45                 30                     22                    79              35
                                          Other 3                                                                                       (42)                   (7)                   (4)                  (57)             (5)
                                                                                                                                          (2)                20                     18                      6             24
                                          Earnings (loss) from private wealth platform and other
                                           asset management activities 5                                                                   1                    −                    −                      1              (1)
                                          Non-controlling interests 6                                                                      2                (12)                    (12)                   (2)            (17)
                                                                                                                                           1                     8                    6                     5               6
                                       POWER SUSTAINABLE
                                         Management fees 1                                                                                 9                 10                       6                   26              20
                                         Investment platform expenses                                                                   (16)                (16)                    (13)                  (46)            (46)
                                          Fee-related earnings (loss) 3                                                                   (7)                  (6)                   (7)                  (20)            (26)
                                          Net carried interest 4                                                                           1                   (4)                   (8)                   (6)            (14)
                                          Other 3 7                                                                                       (6)                  (5)                  (13)                   (9)            (21)
                                          Non-controlling interests 8                                                                      1                     1                    4                     4               5
                                                                                                                                        (11)                (14)                    (24)                  (31)            (56)


                                       Adjusted net earnings (loss)                                                                     (10)                   (6)                  (18)                  (26)            (50)
                                       Adjustments
                                       POWER SUSTAINABLE
                                         Restructuring charges                                                                             −                    −                    −                     −              (14)
                                       Net earnings (loss)                                                                              (10)                   (6)                  (18)                  (26)            (64)
                                       1 Includes management fees charged by the investment platform on proprietary capital. Management fees paid by the Corporation are deducted from income from
                                         investing activities.
                                       2 In the second quarter of 2025, Sagard recognized a retroactive management fee of $5 million related to new capital committed in the fundraising close of Sagard
                                         Healthcare Partners, PEM-PVC VI and PEM-PDI V ($4 million in the second quarter of 2024 related to the fundraising close of Portage Capital Solutions).
                                       3 Fee-related earnings is a non-IFRS financial measure. Items excluded from fee-related earnings have been included in Other. Refer to the section “Non-IFRS Financial
                                         Measures” for a description and reconciliation.
                                       4 Net carried interest is comprised of carried interest earned, net of amounts allocated to employees. Carried interest is recognized based on changes in fair value of
                                         investments held within each consolidated fund, and based on carried interest earned when it is highly probable that a significant reversal will not occur with respect to
                                         unconsolidated funds. The Corporation’s share of carried interest expense payable by the fund is included in investing activities.
                                       5 Includes the Corporation’s share of earnings (losses) from Sagard’s private wealth investment platform and other asset management activities as well as its interest in
                                         HalseyPoint.
                                       6 Non-controlling interests represent equity interests held by third parties in SHMI, PEM and BEX, as well as interests held in SHMI by Lifeco and management of Sagard.
                                       7 Other includes customer acquisition, development and asset management activities provided by Potentia and Nautilus on behalf of PSEIP.
                                       8 Non-controlling interests represent equity interests held in PSM by Lifeco and management of Power Sustainable.




                                             A  46                                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


ADJUSTMENTS (EXCLUDED FROM ADJUSTED NET EARNINGS)
Power Sustainable




                                                                                                                                                                                             PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
In the first quarter of 2024, Power Sustainable realigned its strategies and made a strategic decision to wind down its China
public equity strategy, which included the closing of its investment management operations in China. Power Sustainable
recognized a restructuring charge of $12 million and $2 million in the first and second quarters of 2024, respectively.

INVES TING ACTIVITIES
Overview
Power Corporation invests proprietary capital in the strategies of its investment platforms to support their growth and
development as asset managers. The investment platforms’ growth strategy is focused primarily on raising third-party capital,
and the Corporation expects that its proprietary capital will represent an increasingly smaller proportion of future funds. The
Corporation seeks to earn attractive returns on its proprietary capital investments commensurate with the risk profile of the
underlying investments in each strategy. Returns are expected to be realized over differing time horizons:
   Income-related strategies such as Private Credit, Real Estate, Power Sustainable Energy Infrastructure Partnership and
      Power Sustainable Infrastructure Credit are expected to generate returns on a regular basis; and
   Capital appreciation strategies such as Venture Capital and Private Equity are expected to generate returns as
      investments are monetized.
The Corporation holds investments managed by Sagard and Power Sustainable. The following table summarizes the
investments held, by asset class, including the investments held through Power Financial:
                                                                           As at                             Nine-month period ended                                               As at
                                                              December 31, 2024                                   September 30, 2025                                 September 30, 2025
                                     Investments      Distributions              Fair                                            Fair value   Investments     Distributions         Fair
(in millions of dollars)                 to date 1         to date 1            value      Investments       Distributions         change         to date 1        to date 1       value
Sagard
  Venture Capital 2                          441               290            1,071                  59                16            637             500              306         1,751
  Private Equity                          1,218              1,355              365                110                233              99          1,328            1,588              341
  Private Credit                             475               315              241                  82                93               4            557              408              234
  Real Estate                                  33                  1              32                  −                  −              −              33                1             32
  Cash and other                                1                  −              43                                                                    1                −             63
                                          2,168              1,961            1,752                251                342            740           2,419            2,303         2,421


Power Sustainable
  Power Sustainable Energy
   Infrastructure
    PSEIP 3                                  425                 32             624                  22                  1            (49)           447                33             596
    Direct investments 4                  1,190                520              488                  26               262           (107)          1,216              782              145
  Power Sustainable
   Infrastructure Credit 5                     27                  −              29                 58                  9              5              85                9             83
   Other investments                           13                  2              12                   1                 3              6              14                5             16
                                          1,655                554            1,153                107                275           (145)          1,762              829              840

                                          3,823             2,515            2,905                 358               617             595          4,181            3,132          3,261
1 Includes distributions which have been recalled by the fund and distributions due to rebalancing.
2 Includes investment in the controlled and consolidated subsidiary, Wealthsimple, at fair value.
3 Includes the Corporation’s share of investments in controlled and consolidated subsidiaries held through PSEIP at fair value. Investments to date include amounts
  previously held through direct investments which were transferred to PSEIP in 2021, in each of the third quarters of 2022 and 2023, and in the second quarter of 2025.
4 Includes the direct investments in energy infrastructure at fair value. Investments to date include funding related to the acquisitions of Potentia and Nautilus and related
  platform expenses prior to the establishment of Power Sustainable Energy Infrastructure.
5 Consists of investments through a separately managed account. Investments to date is presented net of a disposal of funded committed capital through a direct secondary
  offering in the fourth quarter of 2024.




                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                                 A  47
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       FINTECH INVESTMENTS
                                       Fintech investments are comprised of the Corporation’s investments, primarily held through Power Financial, in the Portage
                                       Ventures and Diagram funds and Wealthsimple. The Corporation’s investments in the Portage Ventures and Diagram funds




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       allow it to deepen its knowledge and accelerate the adoption of innovation within the Power group, while significant
                                       investments such as Wealthsimple give direct access to novel capabilities.
                                       Wealthsimple
                                       At September 30, 2025, Portage Ventures I, Power Financial and IGM collectively held, through a limited partnership
                                       controlled by Power Financial as well as direct investments, an undiluted equity interest in Wealthsimple of 54.2% (54.4% at
                                       December 31, 2024), representing a voting interest of 59.4% and a fully diluted equity interest of 42.2%. Wealthsimple,
                                       founded in 2014, is one of Canada’s fastest-growing financial technology companies, and provides simple digital tools for
                                       growing and managing money.
                                       Wealthsimple continues to strengthen its presence in the marketplace and offers a suite of financial products, ranging from
                                       investing to spending, saving and tax. At September 30, 2025, Wealthsimple had 3.0 million clients, excluding tax filers, across
                                       the Canadian market with assets under administration of $100.8 billion, compared with $64.0 billion at December 31, 2024.
                                       At September 30, 2025, the Power group had invested $344 million in Wealthsimple (same as at December 31, 2024), and
                                       had received total proceeds of $500 million from a secondary transaction in 2021.
                                       The fair value of the Power group’s interest in Wealthsimple was $3.9 billion at September 30, 2025 ($2.2 billion at
                                       December 31, 2024). The fair value of the Corporation’s 15.7% equity interest in Wealthsimple, including its indirect interest
                                       held through Portage Ventures I, on a fully diluted basis, was $1,466 million at September 30, 2025 ($822 million at
                                       December 31, 2024). The increase in fair value in the nine-month period ended September 30, 2025 considers a transaction
                                       involving multiple third parties which closed on October 31, 2025, the increase in public market peer valuations,
                                       Wealthsimple’s business performance and revenue expectations.

                                       SUBSEQUENT EVENT
                                       On October 27, 2025, subsequent to quarter-end, Wealthsimple announced that it had signed a $750 million equity offering,
                                       consisting of a $550 million primary offering, as well as a secondary offering of up to $200 million. The fundraising round was
                                       led by GIC and Dragoneer Investment Group, and included participation from new and existing investors. On October 31,
                                       2025, the primary offering closed and the Corporation, through Power Financial, and IGM each invested $100 million.
                                       Following the transaction, the Corporation remains the controlling shareholder of Wealthsimple, the Power group’s undiluted
                                       equity interest in Wealthsimple decreased to 52.9%, representing a voting interest of 57.5% and a fully diluted equity interest
                                       of 40.7%. The secondary offering is expected to close in the fourth quarter of 2025.
                                       During the third quarter of 2025, net earnings attributable to the Corporation were negatively impacted by $57 million,
                                       primarily due to the recognition of net carried interest associated with the increase in the fair value of Wealthsimple.
                                         The Corporation recognized an increase in carried interest payable of $37 million on its interest in Wealthsimple included
                                           in the investing activities of Sagard, as well as the Corporation’s share of the increase in carried interest payable allocated
                                           to IGM and Lifeco of $38 million and $3 million, respectively, included in the effect of consolidation. The Corporation’s
                                           total share of the increase in carried interest payable was $78 million, after non-controlling interests.
                                         As manager, Sagard recognized $39 million of carried interest income, net of related employee expenses, included in
                                           asset management activities. The Corporation’s total share of the net carried interest income was $21 million, after non-
                                           controlling interests.




                                           A  48                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


RESULTS – Investing Activities
                                                                                                                                              SAGARD           POWER SUSTAINABLE




                                                                                                                                                                                        PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
Investing activities comprises income earned on the capital
invested by the Corporation (proprietary capital) in the                                                                   ASSET

investment funds managed by the investment platforms and                                                                MANAGEMENT
the share of earnings (losses) of controlled and consolidated                                                            ACTIVITIES
subsidiaries held within the investment platforms. Due to the
accounting treatment required for the underlying investments
and activities, the results of certain consolidated funds and
                                                                                                                         INVESTING
controlled and consolidated subsidiaries included in investing
activities are not aligned with the fair value changes of the                                                             ACTIVITIES

Corporation's respective investment.


The Corporation has determined that it has control of Power Sustainable Energy Infrastructure Partnership due to its exposure
to variable returns and is required to consolidate the activities of PSEIP in accordance with IFRS; therefore, the increase in fair
value of the Corporation’s interest held in PSEIP is not recognized in earnings. However, the limited partner equity interests
held by third parties which have redemption features, subject to certain restrictions, have been classified as a financial liability
and are remeasured at their redemption value. The impact from the revaluation of the non-controlling interests (NCI) liabilities
has been excluded from adjusted net earnings. Refer to the section “Non-IFRS Financial Measures”.
Income earned from investment activities (proprietary capital) is volatile in nature as it depends on many factors, including
changes in fair value.
Summary of adjusted and net earnings (loss) from investing activities (proprietary capital):
                                                                                                                            Three months ended                    Nine months ended
                                                                                        September 30,              June 30,            September 30,   September 30,   September 30,
                                                                                               2025                   2025                    2024            2025            2024
Adjusted net earnings (loss)
SAGARD
  Private equity and other strategies                                                                  7                 99                     12             134               46
  Venture capital (fintech investments) 1                                                           (19)                  (1)                   (18)             (7)             (20)
                                                                                                    (12)                 98                      (6)           127               26
POWER SUSTAINABLE
  Energy infrastructure 2                                                                             (6)                   1                    (6)             (9)             (36)
  Other 3                                                                                              1                    −                    −                8               (1)
                                                                                                      (5)                   1                    (6)             (1)             (37)


Adjusted net earnings (loss)                                                                        (17)                 99                     (12)           126               (11)
Adjustments
POWER SUSTAINABLE
  Revaluation of NCI liabilities and other market-related impacts                                   (35)                 49                     (35)              2              (54)
  Currency translation reclassification on Power Sustainable China                                     −                    −                    −               −               54
                                                                                                    (35)                 49                     (35)              2               −
Net earnings (loss)                                                                                 (52)               148                      (47)           128               (11)
1 Includes the Corporation’s share of earnings (losses) of Wealthsimple. The nine-month period ended September 30, 2025 includes a charge of $51 million related to the
  Corporation’s share of the carried interest payable due to the increase in fair value of the investment held in Wealthsimple, of which $37 million was recorded in the third
  quarter ($20 million recognized in the third quarter of 2024).
2 Investments in Energy Infrastructure are consolidated in accordance with IFRS. Contribution to earnings represents the Corporation's share of earnings from the underlying
  activities of PSEIP and direct investments (i.e., revenues and expenses of projects, related financing expenses, depreciation, development and G&A expenses).
3 The first quarter of 2025 included a change in fair value of other investments managed within the Power Sustainable platform.




                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                           A  49
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       ADJUSTMENTS (EXCLUDED FROM ADJUSTED NET EARNINGS)
                                       Sagard




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       There were no adjustments in the three-month and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2025 and 2024.
                                       Power Sustainable
                                       For the nine-month period ended September 30, 2025, Power Sustainable recognized Adjustments of a net positive impact
                                       of $2 million, which consist of the Corporation’s share of the revaluation of non-controlling interests liabilities and other
                                       market-related impacts:
                                         A charge of $1 million related to the revaluation of non-controlling interest liabilities resulting from changes in fair value
                                           of assets held in PSEIP, and the share of earnings (losses) from the consolidated activities of PSEIP attributable to third-
                                           party investors, of which a charge of $32 million was recorded in the third quarter. The Corporation controls and
                                           consolidates the activities of PSEIP in accordance with IFRS; however, equity interests held by third parties have
                                           redemption features and are classified as a financial liability, which are remeasured at their redemption value. The nine-
                                           month period ended September 30, 2025 includes a net recovery of $15 million, related to the Corporation’s share of
                                           the revaluation of non-controlling interests liabilities which resulted from a net decrease in fair value of assets held in
                                           PSEIP.
                                         A recovery of $11 million due to the remeasurement of a deferred tax liability related to the Corporation’s investment in
                                           PSEIP, recognized in the second quarter of 2025.
                                         The Corporation’s share of fair value remeasurements of derivatives was a loss of $8 million after tax ($11 million pre-tax),
                                           of which a loss of $3 million was recorded in the third quarter.
                                       For the nine-month period ended September 30, 2024, Power Sustainable recognized Adjustments of a net impact of nil,
                                       which included:
                                         A recovery of $54 million recognized on the closing of Power Sustainable China, a foreign operation, which resulted from
                                           the reclassification of the related cumulative translation adjustment to net earnings.
                                         Offset by a charge of $54 million related to the Corporation’s share of the revaluation of non-controlling interests liabilities
                                           and other market-related impacts:
                                              A charge of $47 million related to the revaluation of non-controlling interest liabilities resulting from changes in fair
                                                value of assets held in PSEIP, and the share of earnings (losses) from the consolidated activities of PSEIP attributable to
                                                third-party investors, of which $25 million was recorded in the third quarter. The nine-month period ended
                                                September 30, 2024 included a charge of $14 million related to the Corporation’s share of the revaluation of non-
                                                controlling interests liabilities which resulted from an increase in fair value of assets held in PSEIP.
                                              The Corporation’s share of fair value remeasurements of derivatives was a loss of $7 million after tax ($9 million pre-tax), of
                                                which $10 million after tax was recorded in the third quarter.




                                           A  50                                      P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


Standalone Businesses

OVER VIEW




                                                                                                                                       PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
At September 30, 2025, Standalone businesses represent the Corporation’s equity investment in LMPG. Power Sustainable
held a controlling interest of 49.6% at September 30, 2025 (same as at December 31, 2024) in LMPG, a designer, developer,
and manufacturer of a wide range of high-performance and sustainable specification-grade LED solutions for commercial,
institutional, and urban environments.
Power Sustainable held a 34.1% equity interest in Lion Electric, a manufacturer of zero-emission vehicles, at December 31,
2024. The carrying value of the investment in Lion was nil at December 31, 2024. In May 2025, Lion Electric completed a
restructuring transaction under the Companies’ Creditors Arrangement Act (CCAA). As a result, all issued and outstanding
common shares, options, warrants and other instruments exercisable into, or convertible or exchangeable for, common shares
of Lion were cancelled without consideration.

R ES U LTS
For the three-month period ended September 30, 2025, net loss from standalone businesses was $2 million, compared with
a net loss of $107 million in the corresponding quarter in 2024. The adjusted net loss from standalone businesses for the
three-month period ended September 30, 2025 was $2 million, compared with an adjusted net loss of $10 million in the
corresponding quarter in 2024.
For the nine-month period ended September 30, 2025, net earnings from standalone businesses were $3 million, compared
with a net loss of $144 million in the corresponding period in 2024. The adjusted net loss from standalone businesses for the
nine-month period ended September 30, 2025 was $9 million, compared with an adjusted net loss of $59 million in the
corresponding period in 2024.
The net loss in the nine-month period ended September 30, 2025 excludes Adjustments with a positive impact of $12 million.

ADJUS TMENTS ( E X C L U D E D F R O M A D J U S T E D N E T E A R N I N G S )
Management of the Corporation applies the definition of adjusted net earnings to the results reported by the standalone
businesses and identifies Adjustments. Adjustments are items excluded from the contribution of the standalone businesses
to the Corporation’s net earnings in the determination of the contribution to adjusted net earnings.
There were no Adjustments in the second and third quarters of 2025. In the first quarter of 2025, the Corporation recognized
a positive Adjustment of $12 million, which primarily relates to the Corporation’s share of the remeasurement of deferred tax
liabilities by LMPG.
In the first three quarters of 2024, Adjustments with a negative earnings impact of $85 million after tax ($93 million pre-tax)
consisted of:
  The Corporation’s share of Peak’s gain on disposal of its investment in Rawlings of $46 million after tax ($46 million pre-
     tax) recorded in the second quarter of 2024;
  Impairment charges on the Corporation’s investment in Lion, partially offset by the Corporation’s share of the
     remeasurement of warrant obligations at Lion of $41 million after tax ($49 million pre-tax), due to a decline in market
     value, of which $7 million after tax was recorded in the third quarter; and
  The Corporation’s share of non-cash impairment charges recognized on goodwill, partially offset by the impact of
     remeasurement of redemption liabilities by LMPG, of $90 million after tax ($90 million pre-tax) recorded in the third
     quarter.




                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5   A  51
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       Corporate Operations and Other
                                       Corporate operations and Other includes the contribution to net earnings and adjusted net earnings from the Corporation’s




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       other investment activities, as well as corporate operations of the holding company which includes operating expenses,
                                       financing charges, depreciation, income taxes, and dividends on non-participating and perpetual preferred shares.
                                       Summary of corporate operations and other of the Corporation and Power Financial shown on a combined basis:
                                                                                                                                                              Three months ended                            Nine months ended
                                                                                                                           September 30,              June 30,       September 30,               September 30,   September 30,
                                                                                                                                  2025                   2025               2024                        2025            2024

                                       Contribution to net earnings (loss)
                                       Other investments
                                          Investment funds                                                                                3                  (5)                    −                       7               9
                                                  1
                                          Other                                                                                         22                 (13)                     5                     22              38
                                                                                                                                        25                 (18)                     5                     29              47
                                       Operating and other expenses
                                          Operating expenses 2                                                                         (54)                (51)                  (41)                   (159)           (125)
                                          Depreciation                                                                                   (2)                 (1)                   (2)                     (5)             (5)
                                                                                             3
                                          Fair value change of TSARs, net of hedge                                                        5                   −                     5                       8               4
                                          Financing charges 4                                                                          (14)                (14)                  (14)                     (41)            (41)
                                          Income taxes                                                                                    −                  (1)                    −                      (1)             −
                                                                                                                                       (65)                (67)                  (52)                   (198)           (167)

                                       Dividends on non-participating and perpetual preferred shares                                   (48)                (47)                  (48)                   (143)           (144)
                                       Net earnings (loss)                                                                             (88)               (132)                  (95)                   (312)           (264)
                                       1 Includes foreign exchange gains or losses and interest on cash and cash equivalents.
                                       2 Operating expenses in the nine-month period ended September 30, 2025 included a charge of $6 million related to updated performance assumptions used in the
                                         measurement of performance share units. Operating expenses related to Power Financial were $63 million in the nine-month period ended September 30, 2025
                                         ($46 million in the corresponding period in 2024).
                                       3 The Corporation has attached tandem share appreciation rights (TSARs) to certain options, which are classified as cash-settled share-based payments. The Corporation
                                         has entered into total return swap agreements to manage exposure to the volatility of its cash-settled share-based payments and related liability. The fair value change of
                                         TSARs represents the change in fair value of the liability, net of the remeasurement to fair value of the derivative instruments.
                                       4 Financing charges related to Power Financial were $14 million in the nine-month period ended September 30, 2025 ($13 million in the corresponding period in 2024).




                                             A  52                                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


Adjustments (excluded from adjusted net earnings)
The following table presents the Corporation’s share of Adjustments:




                                                                                                                                                                                  PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                                           Three months ended               Nine months ended
                                                                                        September 30,               June 30,     September 30,   September 30,   September 30,
                                                                                               2025                    2025             2024            2025            2024
Lifeco 1
   Market experience relative to expectations                                                         28                (72)              28            (106)            120
   Assumption changes and management actions                                                        (17)                  (2)           (139)             (41)          (113)
   Business transformation and other impacts                                                        (39)                (83)               (3)          (129)              (56)
   Amortization of acquisition-related finite life intangible assets                                (26)                (26)              (24)            (77)             (75)
   Tax legislative changes and other tax impacts                                                       7                   8               −              15                −
                                                                                                    (47)               (175)            (138)           (338)           (124)
   Effect of consolidation 2                                                                        (10)                   7               (5)             (5)             (11)
                                                                                                    (57)               (168)            (143)           (343)           (135)
IGM 1
  Rockefeller debt refinancing                                                                         −                   −               −               −                (2)
  Share of Lifeco’s adjustments                                                                       (2)                 (4)              (3)             (8)              (4)
                                                                                                      (2)                 (4)              (3)             (8)              (6)
   Effect of consolidation 2                                                                           1                 12                −              13                 1
                                                                                                      (1)                  8               (3)              5               (5)
GBL
  Loss on partial divestment of GBL Capital portfolio                                               (67)                   −               −              (67)              −
  Share of Affidea's gain on debt modification                                                         −                   −               −              22                −
  Imerys’ currency translation reclassification and impairment                                         −                   −              (44)             −               (44)
                                                                                                    (67)                   −              (44)            (45)             (44)

Sagard and Power Sustainable
  Currency translation reclassification on Power Sustainable China                                     −                   −               −               −               54
  Revaluation of NCI liabilities and other market-related impacts                                   (35)                 49               (35)              2              (54)
  Restructuring charges                                                                                −                   −               −               −               (14)
                                                                                                    (35)                 49               (35)              2              (14)
Standalone businesses
   Gain on disposal of an affiliated business of Peak                                                  −                   −               −               −               46
   Lion impairment and other market-related impacts                                                    −                   −               (7)             −               (41)
   LMPG impairment and other market-related impacts                                                    −                   −              (90)             −               (90)
   LMPG remeasurement of deferred tax liabilities                                                      −                   −               −              12                −
                                                                                                       −                   −              (97)            12               (85)
                                                                                                   (160)               (111)            (322)           (369)           (283)
1 As reported by Lifeco and IGM.
2 The Effect of consolidation reflects i) the elimination of intercompany transactions; and ii) the application of the Corporation’s accounting method for investments under
  common ownership to the Adjustments reported by Lifeco and IGM, including a realized gain recognized by IGM in the second quarter of 2025 on the sale of a portion
  of its interest in Conquest, a corporate investment classified by IGM as FVOCI.


For additional information on each of Lifeco, IGM, GBL, Sagard and Power Sustainable and the Standalone businesses, refer
to their respective “Adjustments” sections above. Also refer to the section “Non-IFRS Financial Measures” in this MD&A.




                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                     A  53
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       FINANCIAL POSITION




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (CONDENSED)
                                       The condensed balance sheets of Lifeco, IGM, and the combined holding company balance sheet of Power Corporation and
                                       Power Financial, as well as the Alternative asset investment platforms and Other, are presented below. These tables reconcile
                                       the holding company balance sheet with the condensed consolidated balance sheet of the Corporation at September 30,
                                       2025 and December 31, 2024, which are included in Note 20 of the Interim Consolidated Financial Statements.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                September 30, 2025
                                                                                                                                                                     Alternative asset                                      Power
                                                                                                                                                                           investment                                  Corporation
                                                                                                                                                             Holding    platforms and                    Effect of    consolidated
                                                                                                                       Lifeco                IGM            company            other 1              consolidation    balance sheet
                                       Assets
                                       Cash and cash equivalents                                                    10,736                1,043               1,858                   889                  (339)          14,187
                                       Investments                                                                236,834                 5,466                  102               2,946                    332          245,680
                                       Investments in publicly traded operating
                                         companies, investment platforms and other:
                                          Lifeco and IGM                                                                418                 664             21,891                       −              (22,973)               −
                                          GBL 2                                                                            −                    −             3,519                      −                     −           3,519
                                          Other                                                                         849               2,286               1,637                      −               (4,772)               −
                                       Investments in jointly controlled
                                         corporations and associates                                                    531               3,447                     −              1,651                   (514)           5,115
                                       Insurance contract assets                                                      1,505                     −                   −                    −                     −           1,505
                                       Reinsurance contract held assets                                             17,311                      −                   −                    −                     −          17,311
                                       Other assets                                                                 27,249                4,061                  624              29,033                   (198)          60,769
                                       Intangible assets 3                                                            4,923               1,284                     1                 949                    (89)          7,068
                                       Goodwill 3                                                                   11,341                2,637                     −                 362                   407           14,747
                                       Investments on account of
                                         segregated fund policyholders                                            546,979                       −                   −                    −                     −         546,979
                                       Total assets                                                               858,676               20,888              29,632                35,830                (28,146)         916,880
                                       Liabilities
                                       Insurance contract liabilities                                             160,458                       −                   −                    −                     −         160,458
                                       Investment contract liabilities                                              90,191                      −                   −                    −                     −          90,191
                                       Reinsurance contract held liabilities                                            965                     −                   −                    −                     −             965
                                       Obligations to securitization entities                                              −              4,913                     −                    −                     −           4,913
                                       Power Corporation’s debentures and
                                         other debt instruments                                                            −                    −                647                     −                     −             647
                                       Non-recourse debentures and
                                         other debt instruments of: 4
                                          Power Financial, Lifeco and IGM                                             8,737               2,400                  250                     −                   (88)         11,299
                                          Consolidated investment funds and Other                                          −                    −                   −              4,024                       −           4,024
                                       Other liabilities                                                            18,131                4,590               1,254               29,499                 (1,243)          52,231
                                       Insurance contracts on account of
                                         segregated fund policyholders                                              70,505                      −                   −                    −                     −          70,505
                                       Investment contracts on account of
                                         segregated fund policyholders                                            476,474                       −                   −                    −                     −         476,474
                                       Total liabilities                                                          825,461               11,903                2,151               33,523                 (1,331)         871,707
                                       Equity
                                       Limited recourse capital notes                                                 1,500                     −                   −                    −               (1,500)               −
                                       Perpetual preferred shares                                                     2,920                     −             2,830                      −               (5,750)               −
                                       Non-participating shares                                                            −                    −             1,150                      −                     −           1,150
                                       Participating shareholders’ equity                                           25,639                8,893             23,501                 1,899                (36,431)          23,501
                                       Non-controlling interests 5 6                                                  3,156                   92                    −                 408                16,866           20,522
                                       Total equity                                                                 33,215                8,985             27,481                 2,307                (26,815)          45,173
                                       Total liabilities and equity                                               858,676               20,888              29,632                35,830                (28,146)         916,880
                                       1 Includes consolidated investment funds and their controlled investments, Wealthsimple and standalone businesses.
                                       2 Indirectly held through Parjointco. The holding company balance sheet includes the Corporation’s investment in GBL, which is separately presented in Note 20 of the Interim
                                         Consolidated Financial Statements.
                                       3 The assets of Lifeco, IGM, and Alternative asset investment platforms and Other exclude the corporate allocation of goodwill and intangible assets.
                                       4 The debentures and other debt instruments of controlled and consolidated investments are secured by their assets which are non-recourse to the Corporation.
                                       5 Lifeco’s non-controlling interests include the Participating Account surplus in subsidiaries.
                                       6 Non-controlling interests in Effect of consolidation represent non-controlling interests in the equity of Lifeco, IGM, PSM, SHMI, and controlled and consolidated investments.


                                             A  54                                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A



                                                                                                                                                                December 31, 2024
                                                                                                                                Alternative asset                           Power
                                                                                                                                      investment                       Corporation




                                                                                                                                                                                     PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                                        Holding    platforms and         Effect of    consolidated
                                                                                   Lifeco                IGM           company            other 1   consolidation    balance sheet
Assets
Cash and cash equivalents                                                       10,709                  910              1,606              858            (339)         13,744
Investments                                                                    231,478                5,600                 101           2,497             311         239,987
Investments in publicly traded operating
  companies, investment platforms and other:
   Lifeco and IGM                                                                    407                634             21,202                −         (22,243)               −
   GBL 2                                                                                −                  −             3,683                −                −           3,683
   Other                                                                             705              1,331              1,738                −          (3,774)               −
Investments in jointly controlled
  corporations and associates                                                        486              3,346                       −       1,780            (494)           5,118
Insurance contract assets                                                         1,193                    −                      −           −                −           1,193
Reinsurance contract held assets                                                17,842                     −                      −           −                −         17,842
Other assets                                                                    26,571                4,948                 349         20,047             (160)         51,755
Intangible assets 3                                                               4,958               1,277                       1         828              (90)          6,974
Goodwill 3                                                                      11,428                2,637                       −         204             408          14,677
Investments on account of
  segregated fund policyholders                                                496,386                     −                      −           −                −        496,386
Total assets                                                                   802,163              20,683              28,680          26,214          (26,381)        851,359
Liabilities
Insurance contract liabilities                                                 155,683                     −                      −           −                −        155,683
Investment contract liabilities                                                 90,157                     −                      −           −                −         90,157
Reinsurance contract held liabilities                                                795                   −                      −           −                −              795
Obligations to securitization entities                                                  −             5,025                       −           −                −           5,025
Power Corporation’s debentures and
  other debt instruments                                                                −                  −                647               −                −              647
Non-recourse debentures and
  other debt instruments of: 4
   Power Financial, Lifeco and IGM                                                9,469               2,400                 250               −              (88)        12,031
   Consolidated investment funds and Other                                              −                  −                      −       3,878                −           3,878
Other liabilities                                                               17,019                5,387              1,073          20,050             (758)         42,771
Insurance contracts on account of
  segregated fund policyholders                                                 66,343                     −                      −           −                −         66,343
Investment contracts on account of
  segregated fund policyholders                                                430,043                     −                      −           −                −        430,043
Total liabilities                                                              769,509              12,812               1,970          23,928             (846)        807,373
Equity
Limited recourse capital notes                                                    1,500                    −                      −           −          (1,500)               −
Perpetual preferred shares                                                        2,720                    −             2,830                −          (5,550)               −
Non-participating shares                                                                −                  −                950               −                −              950
Participating shareholders’ equity                                              25,321                7,801             22,930            1,972         (35,094)         22,930
Non-controlling interests 5 6                                                     3,113                   70                      −         314          16,609          20,106
Total equity                                                                    32,654                7,871             26,710            2,286         (25,535)         43,986
Total liabilities and equity                                                   802,163              20,683              28,680          26,214          (26,381)        851,359
1 Includes consolidated investment funds and their controlled investments, Wealthsimple and standalone businesses.
2 Indirectly held through Parjointco. The holding company balance sheet includes the Corporation’s investment in GBL, which is separately presented in Note 20 of the
  Interim Consolidated Financial Statements.
3 The assets of Lifeco, IGM, and Alternative asset investment platforms and Other exclude the corporate allocation of goodwill and intangible assets.
4 The debentures and other debt instruments of controlled and consolidated investments are secured by their assets which are non-recourse to the Corporation.
  Comparative figures have been disaggregated to conform to the presentation in the current period.
5 Lifeco’s non-controlling interests include the Participating Account surplus in subsidiaries.
6 Non-controlling interests in Effect of consolidation represent non-controlling interests in the equity of Lifeco, IGM, PSM, SHMI, and controlled and consolidated
  investments.




                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                       A  55
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       Consolidated assets and liabilities
                                       Total assets of the Corporation increased to $916.9 billion at September 30, 2025, compared with $851.4 billion at




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       December 31, 2024, mainly due to the following:
                                         Investments increased by $5.7 billion, primarily due to an increase in the fair value of bonds resulting from a decrease in
                                           bond yields in Canada and the U.S.
                                         Investments on account of segregated fund policyholders increased by $50.6 billion, primarily due to the net impact of
                                           market value gains of $38.7 billion, the positive impact of currency movement of $5.5 billion, net investment income of
                                           $4.0 billion as well as net deposits of $1.5 billion.
                                       Liabilities increased to $871.7 billion at September 30, 2025, compared with $807.4 billion at December 31, 2024, mainly
                                       due to the following, as disclosed by Lifeco:
                                         Insurance contract liabilities increased by $4.8 billion, primarily due to the impact of market movements and currency
                                           movements, partially offset by normal business movements.
                                         Investment contract liabilities increased by $34 million, primarily due to the impact of market movements, partially offset
                                           by the impact of currency movements.
                                         Insurance and investment contracts on account of segregated fund policyholders increased by $50.6 billion, primarily
                                           due to the net impact of market value gains of $38.7 billion, the positive impact of currency movement of $5.5 billion, net
                                           investment income of $4.0 billion, as well as net deposits of $1.5 billion.
                                       Insurance and investment contract liabilities represent the amounts that, together with estimated future premiums and
                                       investment income, will be sufficient to pay estimated future benefits, dividends and expenses on policies in force. Insurance
                                       and investment contract liabilities are determined using generally accepted actuarial practices, according to standards
                                       established by the Canadian Institute of Actuaries. Refer to Part B of this MD&A for additional information.
                                       Parts B and C of this MD&A include a discussion of the consolidated balance sheets of Lifeco and IGM, respectively.




                                           A  56                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


HOLDING COMPANY BALANCE SHEETS
In the holding company balance sheets shown below, Power Corporation and Power Financial are shown on a combined
basis; investments in subsidiaries are presented using the equity method. This presentation assists the reader by identifying




                                                                                                                                                                             PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
changes in the combined holding company balance sheet of Power Corporation and Power Financial, and presents the
investment activities, as well as the holding company’s assets and liabilities, including cash, debentures and non-
participating shares.
                                                                                                                                   September 30,         December 31,
                                                                                                                                          2025                 2024

Holding company assets
Cash and cash equivalents 1                                                                                                                1,858                 1,606
Investment in:
   Lifeco                                                                                                                                17,633                17,108
   IGM                                                                                                                                     4,258                 4,094
         2
   GBL                                                                                                                                     3,519                 3,683
   Sagard and Power Sustainable 3                                                                                                          1,546                 1,649
   Standalone businesses 4                                                                                                                    91                     89
                                    5
Other assets and investments                                                                                                                727                    451
Total holding company assets                                                                                                             29,632                28,680
Holding company liabilities
Debentures and other debt instruments 6                                                                                                     897                    897
Other liabilities                                                                                                                          1,254                 1,073
Total holding company liabilities                                                                                                          2,151                 1,970
Holding company equity
Perpetual preferred shares 7                                                                                                               2,830                 2,830
Non-participating shares                                                                                                                   1,150                   950
Participating shareholders’ equity                                                                                                       23,501                22,930
Total holding company equity                                                                                                             27,481                26,710
Total holding company liabilities and equity                                                                                             29,632                28,680
1 Cash equivalents include $339 million ($340 million at December 31, 2024) of fixed income securities with maturities of more than three months. In accordance with IFRS,
  these are classified as investments in the Interim Consolidated Financial Statements.
2 Indirectly held through Parjointco.
3 Includes Power Financial’s investments in Portage Ventures I, Portage Ventures II and Wealthsimple, presented using the equity method.
4 Controlled standalone business is presented using the equity method for purposes of the holding company presentation.
5 Includes $83 million of dividends declared in the third quarter by IGM (same as at December 31, 2024) and received by Power Financial on October 31, 2025. Other
  investments include portfolio investments in private investment funds, classified as FVPL. At September 30, 2025, the Corporation had outstanding commitments to make
  future capital contributions to these funds for an aggregate amount of $28 million.
6 Includes Power Financial’s debentures of $250 million at September 30, 2025 (same as at December 31, 2024).
7 Perpetual preferred shares issued by Power Financial.




                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                A  57
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       Cash and cash equivalents
                                       Cash and cash equivalents held by the Corporation and Power Financial amounted to $1,858 million at September 30, 2025,




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       compared with $1,606 million at the end of December 2024 (see “Holding Company Statements of Cash Flows” below for
                                       details).
                                       The cash and cash equivalents held within the investment activities of Sagard and Power Sustainable amounted to $66 million
                                       at September 30, 2025 ($51 million at December 31, 2024) and are included in the carrying amount of the investment
                                       platforms.

                                       Investments
                                       INVES TMENTS IN LIFECO, IG M AND GBL (A T E Q U I T Y )
                                       The table below presents a continuity of the investments in Lifeco, IGM and GBL, which are presented using the equity method
                                       for the purposes of the holding company presentation. The carrying value of the investments in Lifeco, IGM and GBL,
                                       accounted for using the equity method, increased to $25,410 million at September 30, 2025, compared with $24,885 million
                                       at December 31, 2024:
                                                                                                                                                  Lifeco                     IGM                 GBL 1            Total

                                       Carrying value, beginning of year                                                                        17,108                    4,094                 3,683          24,885
                                          Contribution from adjusted net earnings                                                                 2,315                      462                  (23)           2,754
                                          Contribution from adjustments                                                                            (343)                        5                 (45)            (383)
                                          Disposals 2                                                                                              (150)                        −                      −          (150)
                                          Share of other comprehensive income (loss)                                                                104                      (25)                  77             156
                                          Dividends                                                                                              (1,163)                   (250)                 (175)          (1,588)
                                          Effect of changes in ownership and other                                                                 (238)                     (28)                      2          (264)
                                       Carrying value, at September 30, 2025                                                                    17,633                    4,258                 3,519          25,410
                                       1 Indirectly held through Parjointco.
                                       2 Includes a disposal of $20 million which settled subsequent to quarter-end.


                                       ALTERNATIVE ASS ET INVES TMENT PLATFORMS
                                       The table below presents the components of the alternative asset investment platforms, Sagard and Power Sustainable. The
                                       asset management companies, and controlled and consolidated investments held through the investment platforms, are
                                       presented using the equity method for the purposes of the holding company presentation.
                                       Alternative asset investment platforms are comprised of the following investments:
                                                                                                                                                                                       September 30,       December 31,
                                       Carrying value, at                                                                                                                                     2025               2024

                                       Asset management companies
                                          Sagard                                                                                                                                                160               115
                                          Power Sustainable                                                                                                                                       3                  2
                                       Investing activities
                                          Sagard 1                                                                                                                                             1,064            1,031
                                          Power Sustainable                                                                                                                                     319               501
                                                                                                                                                                                               1,546            1,649
                                       1 Includes Power Financial’s investments in Portage Ventures I, Portage Ventures II and Wealthsimple.


                                       Income Taxes
                                       The non-capital losses of the holding company, at September 30, 2025, were $1,505 million ($1,424 million for which the
                                       benefits have not been recognized) and are available to reduce future taxable income (including capital gains). These losses
                                       expire from 2028 to 2045.
                                       The capital losses of the holding company, at September 30, 2025, were $192 million, the benefits of which have not been
                                       recognized, and can be used indefinitely to offset capital gains.




                                             A  58                                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


Equity

NON- PAR TICIPATING S HAR ES




                                                                                                                                                      PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
Non-participating (preferred) shares of the Corporation consist of six series of First Preferred Shares with an aggregate share
capital of $1,150 million at September 30, 2025 ($950 million at December 31, 2024), all of which are non-cumulative. All
series are perpetual preferred shares and are redeemable in whole or in part solely at the Corporation’s option.
On September 22, 2025, the Corporation issued 8,000,000 5.75% Non-Cumulative First Preferred Shares, Series H at $25.00
per share, for gross proceeds of $200 million. Refer to Note 10 of the Interim Consolidated Financial Statements for additional
information.
The terms and conditions of the other outstanding First Preferred Shares are described in Note 19 of the Corporation’s 2024
Consolidated Financial Statements.

PAR TICIPATING S HAR EHOLDERS ’ EQU ITY
Participating shareholders’ equity was $23,501 million at September 30, 2025, compared with $22,930 million at
December 31, 2024:
Nine months ended September 30                                                                                                   2025        2024

Participating shareholders’ equity, at the beginning of the year                                                               22,930     21,193
Changes in participating shares
   Purchase for cancellation of subordinate voting shares under NCIB                                                             (114)      (121)
   Issuance of subordinate voting shares (2,252,570 shares in 2025 and 2,060,448 shares
      in 2024) under the Corporation’s Executive Stock Option Plans                                                               78             75
                                                                                                                                  (36)        (46)
Changes in retained earnings
   Net earnings before dividends on non-participating shares                                                                    2,203      1,849
   Dividends declared                                                                                                          (1,218)     (1,133)
   Purchase for cancellation of subordinate voting shares under NCIB                                                             (268)      (188)
   Realized gains on FVOCI equity instruments transferred to retained earnings                                                    47         135
   Effects of changes in capital and ownership of subsidiaries, and other                                                        (217)           25
                                                                                                                                 547         688
Changes in reserves
   Other comprehensive income (loss)
     Foreign currency translation adjustments                                                                                    (134)       184
     Investment revaluation and cash flow hedges                                                                                 164        (188)
     Actuarial gains (losses) on defined benefit plans                                                                            68         144
     Share of Parjointco and other jointly controlled corporations and associates                                                 (46)           67
   Share-based compensation, including the effect of changes in capital and ownership of subsidiaries                               8         (65)
                                                                                                                                  60         142
Participating shareholders’ equity, at September 30                                                                            23,501     21,977



The book value per participating share (refer to the section “Other Measures”) of the Corporation was $36.74 at
September 30, 2025, compared with $35.56 at the end of 2024.




                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5             A  59
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       OU TS TANDING NU MBER OF PAR TICIPATING S HARES
                                       At the date of this MD&A, there were 54,860,866 participating preferred shares of the Corporation outstanding (same as
                                       at December 31, 2024), and 582,201,657 subordinate voting shares of the Corporation outstanding, compared with




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       589,948,328 at December 31, 2024.
                                       At the date of this MD&A, options were outstanding to purchase up to an aggregate of 15,790,846 subordinate voting shares
                                       of the Corporation, including 4,290,998 subordinate voting shares issuable pursuant to options under the Power Financial
                                       Employee Stock Option Plan, which has been assumed by the Corporation, and 320,707 subordinate voting shares were
                                       issuable pursuant to outstanding restricted share units.

                                       NOR MAL COURS E ISSU ER BIDS
                                       The Corporation’s NCIB that commenced on March 1, 2024 expired on February 28, 2025. On March 1, 2025, the Corporation
                                       commenced a new NCIB which is effective until the earlier of February 28, 2026 and the date on which the Corporation has
                                       purchased the maximum permitted number of Subordinate Voting Shares. Pursuant to this bid, the Corporation may purchase
                                       up to 20 million of its Subordinate Voting Shares outstanding (representing approximately 3.7% of the public float of
                                       Subordinate Voting Shares outstanding at February 18, 2025) at market prices.
                                       In connection with its NCIB, the Corporation has entered into an automatic share purchase plan (ASPP) and may provide
                                       parameters thereunder from time to time to allow a designated broker to purchase Subordinate Voting Shares under the
                                       NCIB at times when the Corporation would ordinarily not be permitted to purchase shares due to regulatory restrictions or
                                       self-imposed blackout periods. Outside of these predetermined trading blackout periods, purchases under the Corporation’s
                                       NCIB will be completed at management’s discretion. The ASPP has been effective since March 1, 2025, the commencement
                                       date of the NCIB.
                                       The Corporation repurchased and cancelled 7.4 million Subordinate Voting Shares for a total of $382 million in the nine-
                                       month period ended September 30, 2025 (8.0 million Subordinate Voting Shares for a total of $309 million in the nine-month
                                       period ended September 30, 2024).

                                       SUBSEQUENT EVENT
                                       Subsequent to quarter-end, the Corporation repurchased and cancelled, as at November 12, 2025, an additional 2.6 million
                                       Subordinate Voting Shares pursuant to its current NCIB for a total of $163 million.


                                       ADJUSTED N ET ASSET VALUE

                                       Adjusted net asset value is presented for Power Corporation and represents management’s estimate of the fair value of the
                                       participating shareholders’ equity of the Corporation. Adjusted net asset value is calculated as the fair value of the assets of
                                       the combined Power Corporation and Power Financial holding company less their net debt and preferred shares. In
                                       determining the fair value of assets, investments in subsidiaries, jointly controlled corporations and associates are adjusted to
                                       fair value as follows:
                                         Investments in publicly traded companies are valued at their market value, measured as the closing share price on the
                                           reporting date;
                                         Investments in private entities are valued at fair value based on management’s estimate using consistently applied
                                           valuation models either based on a valuation multiple or discounted cash flows. Certain valuations are prepared by
                                           external valuators or subject to review by external valuators. Market-comparable transactions are generally used to
                                           corroborate the estimated fair value. The value of investments in private entities is presented net of any management
                                           incentives; and
                                         Investments in investment funds are valued at the fair value reported by the fund which is net of carried interest or other
                                           incentives.
                                       The presentation of the participating shareholders’ equity at fair value is not in accordance with IFRS; adjusted net asset value
                                       is a non-IFRS financial measure. Refer to the section “Non-IFRS Financial Measures” for a description and a reconciliation of
                                       IFRS and non-IFRS financial measures.




                                           A  60                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


The Corporation’s adjusted net asset value is presented on a look-through basis. The combined holding company balance
sheets of Power Corporation and Power Financial include the investments held in public entities through Power Financial
(Lifeco, IGM and GBL), and the net debt and preferred shares of Power Financial. The adjusted net asset value per share, a non-




                                                                                                                                                                                     PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
IFRS ratio, was $72.24 at September 30, 2025, compared with $60.44 at December 31, 2024, representing an increase of 19.5%.
The Corporation’s book value per participating share (refer to the section “Other Measures”) was $36.74 at September 30,
2025, compared with $35.56 at December 31, 2024, representing an increase of 3.3%.
                                                                                                              September 30, 2025                               December 31, 2024
                                                                                   Holding                                                   Holding
                                                                                  company              Fair value      Adjusted net         company      Fair value   Adjusted net
                                                                              balance sheet           adjustment        asset value     balance sheet   adjustment     asset value

Holding company assets
Investments
   Power Financial
      Lifeco                                                                         17,633              18,122             35,755          17,108        13,184         30,292
      IGM                                                                             4,258                3,236              7,494           4,094        2,698           6,792
      GBL 1                                                                           3,519                 (782)             2,737           3,683        (1,521)         2,162
   Alternative asset investment platforms
      Asset management companies 2
          Sagard                                                                         160                 255                  415           115           314            429
          Power Sustainable                                                                 3                   −                  3               2            −               2
      Investing activities
          Sagard 3                                                                    1,064                1,357              2,421           1,031           721          1,752
          Power Sustainable                                                              319                 521                  840           501           652          1,153
   Standalone businesses                                                                  91                   (4)                87             89             (4)           85
Cash and cash equivalents                                                             1,858                     −             1,858           1,606             −          1,606
Other assets and investments                                                             727                    −                 727           451             −            451
Total holding company assets                                                         29,632              22,705             52,337          28,680        16,044         44,724
Holding company liabilities and
 non-participating shares
Debentures and other debt instruments                                                    897                    −                 897           897             −            897
Other liabilities 4                                                                   1,254                     −             1,254           1,073             −          1,073
Non-participating shares and
 perpetual preferred shares                                                           3,980                     −             3,980           3,780             −          3,780
Total holding company liabilities and
 non-participating shares                                                             6,131                     −             6,131           5,750             −          5,750

Net value
Participating shareholders’ equity (IFRS) /
 Adjusted net asset value (non-IFRS)                                                 23,501              22,705             46,206          22,930        16,044         38,974

Per share                                                                             36.74                                   72.24           35.56                        60.44
1 The Corporation’s share of GBL’s reported net asset value was $3.9 billion (€2.4 billion) at September 30, 2025 ($3.9 billion (€2.6 billion) at December 31, 2024).
2 The management company of Sagard is presented at its fair value. The management company of Power Sustainable is presented at its carrying value.
3 Includes the Corporation’s investments in Portage Ventures I, Portage Ventures II and Wealthsimple, held by Power Financial.
4 In accordance with IAS 12, Income Taxes, no deferred tax liability is recognized with respect to temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries and
  jointly controlled corporations as the Corporation is able to control the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences and it is probable that the temporary differences
  will not reverse in the foreseeable future. If the Corporation were to dispose of an investment in a subsidiary or a jointly controlled corporation, income taxes payable on
  such disposition would be minimized through careful and prudent tax planning and structuring, as well as with the use of available tax attributes not otherwise recognized
  on the balance sheet, including tax losses, tax basis, safe income and foreign tax surplus associated with the subsidiary or jointly controlled corporation.


Investments measured at market value and cash represent 91.7% of the total assets at fair value at September 30, 2025
(same as at December 31, 2024). A 10% change in the market value of publicly traded investments would result in a change
in the Corporation’s adjusted net asset value of $4,608 million or $7.20 per share.




                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                       A  61
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       CASH FLOWS




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (CONDENSED)
                                       The condensed cash flows of Lifeco, IGM and the holding company cash flows of Power Corporation and Power Financial on
                                       a combined basis, as well as the Corporation’s alternative asset investment platforms, are presented below. These tables
                                       reconcile the holding company statement of cash flows to the condensed consolidated statement of cash flows of the
                                       Corporation for the nine-month periods ended September 30, 2025 and 2024, which are included in Note 20 of the Interim
                                       Consolidated Financial Statements. This presentation assists the reader in assessing the cash flows of the holding company.
                                       Nine months ended September 30                                                                                                                                                 2025
                                                                                                                                                              Alternative asset
                                                                                                                                                                    investment                                       Power
                                                                                                                                                      Holding    platforms and                     Effect of    Corporation
                                                                                                                 Lifeco               IGM            company            Other 1               consolidation    consolidated

                                       Cash flows from:
                                          Operating activities                                                 3,023                 683               1,418                    (25)               (1,335)          3,764
                                          Financing activities                                                (2,937)               (608)             (1,415)                  433                  1,493          (3,034)
                                          Investing activities                                                     (15)                58                 249                 (390)                  (158)           (256)
                                       Effect of changes in exchange rates
                                         on cash and cash equivalents                                              (44)                  −                   −                   13                      −            (31)
                                       Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                             27               133                  252                    31                      −            443
                                       Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of the year                       10,709                 910               1,606                   858                   (339)         13,744
                                       Cash and cash equivalents, at September 30                             10,736               1,043               1,858                   889                   (339)         14,187

                                       1 Includes consolidated investment funds and their controlled investments, Wealthsimple and standalone businesses.



                                       Nine months ended September 30                                                                                                                                                 2024
                                                                                                                                                              Alternative asset
                                                                                                                                                                    investment                                       Power
                                                                                                                                                      Holding    platforms and                     Effect of    Corporation
                                                                                                                 Lifeco               IGM            company            Other 1               consolidation    consolidated

                                       Cash flows from:
                                          Operating activities                                                  2,751                784               1,284                  (113)                (1,255)          3,451
                                          Financing activities                                                 (1,770)              (322)             (1,459)                  405                  1,464          (1,682)
                                          Investing activities                                                   (403)              (367)                 313                 (275)                  (319)         (1,051)
                                       Effect of changes in exchange rates
                                         on cash and cash equivalents                                             192                    −                   −                     6                     −            198
                                       Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                           770                  95                 138                    23                  (110)            916
                                       Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of the year                         8,117                545               1,218                   639                   (207)         10,312
                                       Cash and cash equivalents, at September 30                               8,887                640               1,356                   662                   (317)         11,228
                                       1 Includes consolidated investment funds and their controlled investments, Wealthsimple and standalone businesses.


                                       Consolidated cash and cash equivalents increased by $443 million in the nine-month period ended September 30, 2025,
                                       compared with an increase of $916 million in the corresponding period in 2024.
                                       Operating activities produced a net inflow of $3,764 million in the nine-month period ended September 30, 2025, compared
                                       with a net inflow of $3,451 million in the corresponding period in 2024.
                                       Cash flows from financing activities, which include the issuance and repayment of capital instruments, the issuance and
                                       repurchase of participating and preferred shares, the issuance and redemption of common shares, limited-life fund and
                                       redeemable units by subsidiaries, dividends paid on the participating and non-participating shares of the Corporation, and
                                       dividends paid by subsidiaries to non-controlling interests and increases and repayments of obligations to securitization
                                       entities by IGM, represented a net outflow of $3,034 million in the nine-month period ended September 30, 2025, compared
                                       with a net outflow of $1,682 million in the corresponding period in 2024.
                                       Cash flows from investing activities resulted in a net outflow of $256 million in the nine-month period ended September 30,
                                       2025, compared with a net outflow of $1,051 million in the corresponding period in 2024.
                                       Parts B and C of this MD&A include a discussion of the cash flows of Lifeco and IGM, respectively.




                                            A  62                                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


HOLDING COMPANY STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
As Power Corporation is a holding company, corporate cash flows are primarily comprised of dividends received, income
from investments and income (loss) from cash and cash equivalents, less operating expenses, financing charges, income




                                                                                                                                                                               PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
taxes, and non-participating and participating share dividends.
The following combined statements of cash flows of Power Corporation and Power Financial present the cash flows of the
holding company. This presentation has been prepared to assist the reader as it isolates the cash flows of the activities of the
holding company.
Nine months ended September 30                                                                                                                2025                  2024

Operating activities of the holding company
Dividends
   Lifeco                                                                                                                                   1,163                 1,058
   IGM                                                                                                                                        250                    250
   GBL                                                                                                                                        175                     92
                                                          1
Corporate operations, net of non-cash items                                                                                                  (170)                  (116)
                                                                                                                                            1,418                 1,284
Financing activities of the holding company
Dividends paid on:
   Non-participating shares                                                                                                                    (39)                  (39)
   Participating shares                                                                                                                    (1,149)                (1,073)
   Perpetual preferred shares                                                                                                                (104)                  (105)
Issuance of non-participating shares                                                                                                          200                      −
Issuance of subordinate voting shares                                                                                                           71                    68
Repurchase of subordinate voting shares                                                                                                      (382)                  (309)
Other 2                                                                                                                                        (12)                    (1)
                                                                                                                                           (1,415)                (1,459)
Investing activities of the holding company
Distributions and proceeds from disposal of investments 3                                                                                     433                    606
Disposal of Lifeco shares                                                                                                                     130                      −
Purchase of investments                                                                                                                      (311)                  (288)
Other                                                                                                                                           (3)                    (5)
                                                                                                                                              249                    313
Increase in cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                         252                    138
Cash and cash equivalents, at the beginning of the year                                                                                     1,606                 1,218
Cash and cash equivalents, at September 30                                                                                                  1,858                 1,356
1 Includes changes in short-term receivables from, and payables to, investment platforms.
2 Includes share issuance costs incurred in the third quarter of 2025.
3 Includes proceeds from the sale of direct investments in energy infrastructure in the second quarter of 2025 and from the disposal of the Corporation’s investments within
  Power Sustainable China in 2024.




                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                A  63
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       Cash and cash equivalents of the Corporation and Power Financial increased by $252 million in the nine-month period ended
                                       September 30, 2025, compared with an increase of $138 million in the corresponding period in 2024.




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       Operating activities resulted in a net inflow of $1,418 million in the nine-month period ended September 30, 2025, compared
                                       with a net inflow of $1,284 million in the corresponding period in 2024. Dividends received from the publicly traded operating
                                       companies include:
                                       Nine months ended September 30                                                                                                  2025                                       2024
                                                                                                                                      Dividend per          Total dividend                 Dividend per   Total dividend
                                       (in millions of dollars; except as otherwise noted)                                                   share                received                        share         received

                                       Lifeco                                                                                              1.8300                    1,163                     1.6650            1,058
                                       IGM                                                                                                 1.6875                      250                     1.6875              250

                                          Total dividend received from Parjointco was $175 million (€112 million) for the period ended September 30, 2025,
                                             compared with $92 million (€62 million) for the period ended September 30, 2024.
                                       The Corporation’s financing activities during the nine-month period ended September 30, 2025 resulted in a net outflow of
                                       $1,415 million, compared with a net outflow of $1,459 million in the corresponding period in 2024, and included:
                                          Dividends paid on non-participating and participating shares by the Corporation of $1,188 million, compared with
                                             $1,112 million in the corresponding period in 2024. In the nine-month period ended September 30, 2025, dividends
                                             paid on the Corporation’s participating shares were $1.7875 per share, compared with $1.6500 in the corresponding
                                             period in 2024.
                                          Dividends paid on preferred shares by Power Financial of $104 million, compared with $105 million in the corresponding
                                             period in 2024.
                                          Issuance of non-participating shares of the Corporation for $200 million, compared with no issuance in 2024.
                                          Issuance of subordinate voting shares of the Corporation for $71 million pursuant to the Corporation’s Executive Stock
                                             Option Plan and the Power Financial Employee Stock Option Plan, compared with issuance for an amount of $68 million
                                             in the corresponding period in 2024.
                                          Repurchase of subordinate voting shares of $382 million, as part of the NCIB, in the nine-month period ended
                                             September 30, 2025, compared with repurchase for an amount of $309 million in the corresponding period in 2024.
                                       The Corporation’s investing activities during the nine-month period ended September 30, 2025 resulted in a net inflow of
                                       $249 million, compared with a net inflow of $313 million in the corresponding period in 2024. The nine-month period ended
                                       September 30, 2025 includes proceeds of $130 million from the sale of Lifeco shares through Power Financial’s participation
                                       in Lifeco’s NCIB to maintain its approximate proportionate ownership.
                                       Proceeds from disposal of investments and purchase of investments are comprised of investment activities of the Corporation
                                       and in its investment platforms.
                                       The Corporation decreased its level of fixed income securities with maturities of more than three months, resulting in a net
                                       inflow of $1 million in the nine-month period ended September 30, 2025, compared with a net outflow of $13 million in the
                                       corresponding period in 2024.




                                             A  64                                           P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


CAPITAL MANAGEMENT

As a holding company, Power Corporation’s objectives in managing its capital are to:




                                                                                                                                                                                  PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
   provide attractive long-term returns to shareholders of the Corporation;
   provide sufficient financial flexibility to pursue its growth strategy to invest on a timely basis in its operating companies
      and other investments as opportunities arise;
   maintain a capital structure that matches the long-term nature of its investments by maximizing the use of permanent capital;
   maintain an appropriate credit rating to ensure stable access to the capital markets; and
   maintain a prudent amount of available cash and cash equivalents.
The Corporation manages its capital taking into consideration the risk characteristics and liquidity of its holdings. In order to
maintain or adjust its capital structure, the Corporation may adjust the amount of dividends paid to shareholders, return capital
to shareholders or issue capital.
The Board of Directors of the Corporation is responsible for capital management. Management of the Corporation is
responsible for establishing capital management procedures and for implementing and monitoring its capital plans. The
Board of Directors of the Corporation reviews and approves capital transactions such as the issuance, redemption and
repurchase of participating shares, non-participating shares and debentures. The boards of directors of the Corporation’s
subsidiaries, as well as those of Parjointco and GBL, oversee and have the responsibility for their respective company’s capital
management.
With the exception of debentures and other debt instruments, the Corporation’s capital is permanent, matching the long-
term nature of its investments. The capital structure of the Corporation consists of: debentures, non-participating shares,
participating shareholders’ equity, and non-controlling interests. The Corporation views non-participating shares as a cost-
effective source of permanent capital.
The Corporation’s consolidated capitalization includes the debentures, preferred shares and other equity instruments, and
other debt instruments issued by its consolidated subsidiaries. Debentures and other debt instruments issued by Power
Financial, Lifeco, IGM and consolidated investment funds and other are non-recourse to the Corporation. The Corporation does
not guarantee debt issued by its subsidiaries. Non-participating shares and total equity accounted for 74% of consolidated
capitalization at September 30, 2025.

                                                                                                                                       September 30,          December 31,
                                                                                                                                              2025                  2024
Debentures and other debt instruments
Power Corporation                                                                                                                                647                   647
Power Financial                                                                                                                                  250                   250
Lifeco                                                                                                                                         8,737                 9,469
IGM                                                                                                                                            2,400                 2,400
Consolidated investment funds and Other 1                                                                                                      4,024                 3,878
Effect of consolidation                                                                                                                           (88)                  (88)
                                                                                                                                             15,323                 15,909
                                                                                                                                             15,970                 16,556
Non-participating shares and other equity instruments
Power Corporation                                                                                                                              1,150                   950
Power Financial                                                                                                                                2,830                 2,830
Lifeco                                                                                                                                         4,420                 4,220
                                                                                                                                               7,250                 7,050
                                                                                                                                               8,400                 8,000
Equity
Participating shareholders’ equity                                                                                                           23,501                 22,930
Non-controlling interests 2                                                                                                                  13,272                 13,056
                                                                                                                                             36,773                 35,986
                                                                                                                                             61,143                 60,542
1 Includes other debt instruments of consolidated investment funds and their controlled investments and standalone businesses; consists of $527 million ($531 million in
  2024) of debt including revolving credit facilities held by the investment funds and other subsidiaries, $3,245 million ($3,091 million in 2024) of project-related debt held
  within the Power Sustainable Energy Infrastructure platform, and $252 million ($256 million in 2024) of other debt held by standalone businesses. The other debt
  instruments are secured by the assets of the controlled investments which are non-recourse to the Corporation. The other debt instruments held by standalone businesses
  are subject to certain financial covenants including a minimum cumulative earnings before interest, income taxes, depreciation and amortization (EBITDA) covenant. At
  September 30, 2025, this covenant was not in compliance. The lenders have provided a tolerance letter valid until April 30, 2026. See Note 9 B) to the Interim Consolidated
  Financial Statements for additional information.
2 Represents the non-controlling equity interests of the Corporation’s subsidiaries excluding Power Financial and Lifeco’s preferred shares and limited recourse capital
  notes, which are shown in this table as non-participating shares.



                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                   A  65
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       Power Corporation
                                         The Corporation filed a short-form base shelf prospectus dated November 19, 2024, pursuant to which, for a period of




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                           25 months thereafter, the Corporation may issue First Preferred Shares, subordinate voting shares, subscription receipts
                                           and unsecured debt securities, or any combination thereof. This filing provides the Corporation with the flexibility to
                                           access debt and equity markets on a timely basis.
                                         The Corporation commenced an NCIB on March 1, 2025 which is effective until the earlier of February 28, 2026 and the
                                           date on which the Corporation has purchased the maximum permitted number of subordinate voting shares. Refer to the
                                           section “Participating Shareholders’ Equity” for more information.
                                         On September 22, 2025, the Corporation issued 8,000,000 5.75% Non-Cumulative First Preferred Shares, Series H at
                                           $25.00 per share, for gross proceeds of $200 million. The net proceeds will be used for general corporate purposes.

                                       Power Financial
                                         Power Financial filed a short-form base shelf prospectus dated November 28, 2024, pursuant to which, for a period of
                                           25 months thereafter, Power Financial may issue up to an aggregate of $3 billion of First Preferred Shares and unsecured
                                           debt securities, or any combination thereof. This filing provides the Corporation with the flexibility to access debt and
                                           equity markets on a timely basis through Power Financial.

                                       Lifeco
                                         On August 12, 2025, Lifeco’s subsidiary repaid its US$500 million (C$695 million) senior unsecured notes upon maturity.
                                         On September 24, 2025, Lifeco issued 8,000,000 5.70% Non-Cumulative First Preferred Shares, Series Z at $25.00 per
                                           share for gross proceeds of $200 million.
                                       The Corporation itself is not subject to externally imposed regulatory capital requirements; however, Lifeco and certain of its
                                       main subsidiaries, certain of IGM’s subsidiaries and certain of the Corporation’s other subsidiaries are subject to regulatory
                                       capital requirements. Parts B and C of this MD&A further describe the capital management activities of Lifeco and IGM,
                                       respectively. See Note 22 to the Corporation’s 2024 Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.

                                       RATINGS
                                       The current rating by Standard & Poor’s (S&P) of the Corporation’s debentures is “A+” with a stable outlook. Morningstar
                                       DBRS’ current rating on the Corporation’s debentures is “A” with a stable rating trend.
                                       Credit ratings are intended to provide investors with an independent measure of the credit quality of the securities of a
                                       corporation and are indicators of the likelihood of payment and the capacity of a corporation to meet its obligations in
                                       accordance with the terms of each obligation. Descriptions of the rating categories for each of the agencies set forth below
                                       have been obtained from the respective rating agencies’ websites. These ratings are not a recommendation to buy, sell or
                                       hold the securities of a corporation and do not address market price or other factors that might determine suitability of a
                                       specific security for a particular investor. The ratings also may not reflect the potential impact of all risks on the value of
                                       securities and are subject to revision or withdrawal at any time by the rating organization.
                                       The “A+” rating assigned to the Corporation’s debentures by S&P is the fifth highest of the 22 ratings used for long-term debt.
                                       A long-term debenture rated “A+” is somewhat more susceptible to the adverse effects of changes in circumstances and
                                       economic conditions than obligations in higher-rated categories; however, the obligor’s capacity to meet its financial
                                       commitment on the obligation is still strong.
                                       The “A” rating assigned to the Corporation’s debentures by Morningstar DBRS is the sixth highest of the 26 ratings used for
                                       long-term debt. A long-term debenture rated “A” implies that the capacity for repayment is substantial, but of lesser credit
                                       quality than AA, and may be vulnerable to future events, although qualifying negative factors are considered manageable.
                                       The current rating by S&P of Power Financial’s debentures is “A+” with a stable outlook. Morningstar DBRS’ current rating on
                                       Power Financial’s debentures is “A (High)” with a stable trend.
                                       Parts B and C of this MD&A provide information on the ratings of the debentures of Lifeco and IGM, respectively.




                                           A  66                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


RISK MANAGEMENT
Power Corporation is an international management and holding company that focuses on financial services in North America,




                                                                                                                                     PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
Europe and Asia. Its core holdings are leading insurance, retirement, wealth management and investment businesses
including a portfolio of alternative asset investment platforms. The Corporation, through Power Financial, holds a controlling
interest in Lifeco and IGM and also holds a joint controlling interest in Parjointco, which itself holds a controlling interest in
GBL. As a result, the Corporation bears the risks associated with being a significant shareholder of these operating companies.
A complete description of these risks is presented in their public disclosures. The respective boards of directors of Lifeco,
IGM and GBL are responsible for the risk oversight function at their respective companies. The risk committees of the boards
of directors of Lifeco and IGM are responsible for their risk oversight. Certain officers of the Corporation are members of these
boards and committees of these boards, including the risk committees, and, consequently, in their role as directors, they
participate in the risk oversight function at the operating companies. Parts B and C of this MD&A further describe risks related
to Lifeco and IGM, respectively.

RISK OVERSIGHT
The Corporation believes that a prudent approach to risk is achieved through a governance model that focuses on the active
oversight of its investments. Management, under the Board of Directors’ oversight, is responsible for risk management
associated with the investment activities and operations of the holding company and maintains a comprehensive and
appropriate set of policies and controls.
The Board of Directors provides oversight over risk management primarily through the following committees:
  The Audit Committee addresses risks related to financial reporting, cybersecurity and the use of artificial intelligence.
  The Human Resources Committee considers risks associated with the Corporation’s compensation policies and practices.
  The Governance and Sustainability Committee oversees the Corporation’s approach to appropriately address potential
    risks related to governance and sustainability matters.
  The Related Party and Conduct Review Committee reviews and considers for approval transactions with related parties
    of the Corporation.
There are certain risks inherent in an investment in the securities of the Corporation and in the activities of the Corporation,
which investors should carefully consider before investing in securities of the Corporation. The 2024 Annual MD&A reviews
certain risks that could impact the financial condition and financial performance, and the value of the equity of the
Corporation. This description of risks does not include all possible risks, and there may be other risks of which the Corporation
is not currently aware.
During the nine-month period ended September 30, 2025, there were no significant changes to the Corporation’s risk
oversight approach, and the identification and management of the specific risks.




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5   A  67
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       FINANCIAL INSTRU MENTS AND OTHER INSTRUMENTS




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT
                                       At September 30, 2025, there have been changes to the carrying amounts and fair value of the Corporation and its
                                       subsidiaries’ assets and liabilities recorded at fair value since December 31, 2024. These changes did not have a material
                                       impact on the financial condition of the Corporation and its subsidiaries. See Note 19 to the Corporation’s Interim
                                       Consolidated Financial Statements for additional disclosure of the Corporation’s fair value measurement.

                                       DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
                                       In the course of their activities, the Corporation and its subsidiaries use derivative financial instruments. When using such
                                       derivatives, they only act as limited end-users and not as market makers in such derivatives.
                                       The use of derivatives is monitored and reviewed on a regular basis by senior management of the Corporation and by senior
                                       management of its subsidiaries. The Corporation and its subsidiaries have each established operating policies, guidelines
                                       and procedures relating to the use of derivative financial instruments, which in particular focus on:
                                         prohibiting the use of derivative instruments for speculative purposes;
                                         documenting transactions and ensuring their consistency with risk management policies;
                                         demonstrating the effectiveness of the hedging relationships; and
                                         monitoring the hedging relationships.
                                       There were no major changes to the Corporation and its subsidiaries’ policies and procedures with respect to the use of
                                       derivative instruments in the nine-month period ended September 30, 2025. The following table provides a summary of the
                                       Corporation and its subsidiaries’ derivatives portfolio:
                                                                                                                                September 30, 2025                                      December 31, 2024
                                                                                                                         Maximum                  Total                           Maximum             Total
                                                                                                      Notional           credit risk         fair value              Notional     credit risk    fair value

                                       Power Corporation                                                  477                  182                181                    535             64            63
                                       Power Financial                                                      37                   28                 28                     37            16            16
                                       Lifeco                                                         69,610                1,969                (396)               63,066          2,431           294
                                       IGM                                                             1,915                     45                 26                 1,982             36            10
                                       Other subsidiaries                                              3,179                     42                 13                 2,723             90            74
                                                                                                      74,741                2,084                (329)               67,808          2,573           394
                                                                                                      75,218                2,266                (148)               68,343          2,637           457


                                       During the nine-month period ended September 30, 2025, there was an increase of $6.9 billion in the notional amount of
                                       derivatives outstanding, primarily due to increases in volume of regular hedging activities by Lifeco. The Corporation and its
                                       subsidiaries’ exposure to derivative counterparty risk (which represents the current fair value of instruments in a gain position)
                                       decreased to $2,266 million at September 30, 2025 from $2,637 million at December 31, 2024. The decrease was primarily
                                       due to the euro and British pound strengthening against the U.S. dollar on cross-currency swaps that pay euros or British
                                       pounds and receive U.S. dollars.
                                       Parts B and C of this MD&A provide information on the types of derivative financial instruments used by Lifeco and IGM,
                                       respectively.
                                       See Note 28 to the Corporation’s 2024 Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.




                                             A  68                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS




                                                                                                                                          PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
GUARANTEES
In the normal course of their operations, the Corporation and its subsidiaries may enter into certain agreements, the nature
of which precludes the possibility of making a reasonable estimate of the maximum potential amount the Corporation or
subsidiary could be required to pay third parties, as some of these agreements do not specify a maximum amount and the
amounts are dependent on the outcome of future contingent events, the nature and likelihood of which cannot be
determined. See also Note 34 to the Corporation’s 2024 Consolidated Financial Statements.

LETTERS OF CREDIT
In the normal course of its reinsurance business, Lifeco provides letters of credit to other parties or beneficiaries. A beneficiary
will typically hold a letter of credit as collateral to secure statutory credit for insurance and investment contract liabilities ceded
to or amounts due from Lifeco. Lifeco may be required to seek collateral alternatives if it is unable to renew existing letters of
credit on maturity. See also Part B of this MD&A and Note 34 to the Corporation’s 2024 Consolidated Financial Statements.


CONTINGENT LIABILITIES

The Corporation and its subsidiaries are from time to time subject to legal actions, including arbitrations and class actions,
arising in the normal course of business. It is inherently difficult to predict the outcome of any of these proceedings with
certainty, and it is possible that an adverse resolution could have a material adverse effect on the consolidated financial
position of the Corporation. However, based on information presently known, it is not expected that any of the existing legal
actions, either individually or in the aggregate, will have a material adverse effect on the consolidated financial position of the
Corporation. See also Parts B and C of this MD&A and Note 33 to the Corporation’s 2024 Consolidated Financial Statements.


COMMITMENTS AND CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS

At September 30, 2025, there have been no material changes in the contractual obligations of the Corporation and its
subsidiaries from those reported in the 2024 Annual MD&A.


SUMMARY OF CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AN D JU DGMENTS
In the preparation of the financial statements, management of the Corporation and the managements of its subsidiaries are
required to make significant judgments, estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, net
earnings, comprehensive income and related disclosures. The results of the Corporation reflect the judgments of the
managements of the Corporation and of its subsidiaries regarding the impact of prevailing market conditions related to global
credit, equities, investment properties and foreign exchange, as well as, with respect to Lifeco, prevailing health and mortality
experience. Key sources of estimation, uncertainty and areas where significant judgments are made by the management of
the Corporation and the managements of its subsidiaries include: the entities to be consolidated or accounted for using the
equity method, fair value measurements, expected credit losses, valuation of goodwill and intangible assets, valuation of
insurance contract liabilities, income taxes and pension plans and other post-employment benefits. These are described in
the Corporation’s 2024 Annual MD&A and the notes to the Corporation’s 2024 Consolidated Financial Statements.


CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES
There were no changes to the Corporation’s accounting policies from those reported at December 31, 2024, except for:
The Corporation adopted the amendments to IFRS for IAS 21, The Effects of Changes in Foreign Exchange Rates, effective
January 1, 2025. The adoption of these amendments did not have a material impact on the Corporation’s financial statements.




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5     A  69
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       FUTURE ACCOUNTING CHANGES
                                       The Corporation and its subsidiaries monitor changes in IFRS, both proposed and released, by the IASB and analyze the effect




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       that changes in the standards may have on the consolidated financial statements when they become effective.
                                       There have been no significant changes to the standards released and updates to the future accounting changes as disclosed
                                       in Note 2 to the Corporation’s 2024 Consolidated Financial Statements.


                                       TRANSACTIONS WITH RELATED PARTIES
                                       Power Corporation has a Related Party and Conduct Review Committee composed entirely of Directors who are independent
                                       of management and independent of the Corporation’s controlling shareholder. The mandate of this committee is to review
                                       proposed transactions with related parties of the Corporation, including its controlling shareholder, and to approve only those
                                       transactions that it deems appropriate and that are done at market terms and conditions.
                                       In the normal course of business, Power Corporation and its subsidiaries enter into various transactions which include capital
                                       commitments to investment funds, including commitments from management, performance and base management fees paid
                                       to subsidiaries of the group, employee ownership participations and loans to employees. Such transactions are at market
                                       terms and conditions and are reviewed by the appropriate related party and conduct review committee.
                                       In the normal course of business, Canada Life and other Lifeco subsidiaries enter into various transactions with related
                                       companies which include providing group insurance benefits and sub-advisory services to other companies within the Power
                                       Corporation group of companies. Such transactions are at market terms and conditions. These transactions are reviewed by
                                       the appropriate related party and conduct review committee.
                                       Lifeco provides asset management, employee benefits and administrative services for employee benefit plans relating to
                                       pension and other post-employment benefits for its employees, employees of its subsidiaries, and employees of Power
                                       Corporation and Power Financial. These transactions are at market terms and conditions and are reviewed by the appropriate
                                       related party and conduct review committee.
                                       IGM enters into transactions with subsidiaries of Lifeco. These transactions are in the normal course of operations and include
                                       i) providing certain administrative and technology services; ii) distributing insurance products; and iii) the sale of residential
                                       mortgages to Canada Life. These transactions are at market terms and conditions and are reviewed by the appropriate related
                                       party and conduct review committee.
                                       On March 31, 2025, GBL Capital acquired a minority interest in SHMI. This transaction was at market terms and conditions
                                       and was reviewed and approved by a committee of independent directors appointed by GBL’s board of directors. Refer to
                                       the section “Sagard and Power Sustainable”.
                                       In the second quarter of 2025, wind projects which had been developed by Potentia were sold to PSEIP in exchange for
                                       consideration in cash. Refer to the section “Sagard and Power Sustainable”.
                                       Effective on September 3, 2025, the TSX approved an amendment that permits Lifeco to purchase its shares from Power
                                       Financial and certain of Power Financial’s wholly owned subsidiaries in connection with its NCIB, in order for Power Financial
                                       to maintain its approximate proportionate percentage ownership in Lifeco. Refer to section “2025 Developments” in the
                                       “Lifeco” section for additional information.
                                       See Note 32 to the Corporation’s 2024 Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.




                                           A  70                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING
The Corporation’s internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the




                                                                                                                                                                                       PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
reliability of financial reporting and that the preparation of financial statements for external purposes is in accordance with
IFRS, as issued by the IASB. The Corporation’s management, under the supervision of the Chief Executive Officer and the
Chief Financial Officer, is responsible for establishing and maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting. All
internal control systems have inherent limitations and may become ineffective because of changes in conditions. Therefore, even
those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation
and presentation.
As a management and holding company, the Corporation’s business activities are carried out through its investments in
businesses, each of which has its own management team. Accordingly, the Corporation’s management relies on the
certifications filed by management of Lifeco and IGM pursuant to National Instrument 52-109 – Certification of Disclosure in
Issuers’ Annual and Interim Filings, as well as a sub-certification process by management at its other significant subsidiaries
and investees in order to make determinations regarding the Corporation’s disclosure controls and procedures and internal
control over financial reporting.
There have been no changes in the Corporation’s internal control over financial reporting during the three-month period
ended September 30, 2025 which have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Corporation’s
internal control over financial reporting.


POWER FINANCIAL CORPORATION
Power Financial relies on certain of the continuous disclosure documents filed by Power Corporation of Canada pursuant to
an exemption from the requirements of National Instrument 51-102 – Continuous Disclosure Obligations and as provided in
the decision of the Autorité des marchés financiers and the Ontario Securities Commission, dated September 10, 2024,
regarding Power Financial and Power Corporation (the Decision). The following disclosure is provided further to the
requirements of the Decision:
                                                                                                              Corporate               Effect of             Total             Total
At September 30, 2025                                                       Lifeco                IGM         and other 1        consolidation    Power Financial Power Corporation

Total assets                                                           858,676               20,888              53,091              (26,136)           906,519          916,880
Total liabilities                                                      825,461               11,903              26,346                  (829)          862,881          871,707
1 Includes Power Financial’s investment activities including its investment in Portage Ventures I, Portage Ventures II and Wealthsimple.




                                                                                                              Corporate               Effect of            Power            Power
For the three-month period ended September 30, 2025                           Lifeco             IGM          and other 1        consolidation          Financial      Corporation



Cash flows from operations                                                                                                                                1,998             2,126




Further to the Decision, the earnings coverage ratios set forth below have been prepared in accordance with Item 6.1 of
Form 44-101F1 – Short Form Prospectus:
                                                                                                                                                                      Net earnings
                                                                                                                                                                     attributable to
                                                                                                              Corporate               Effect of   Net earnings of   shareholders of
For the twelve-month period ended September 30, 2025                         Lifeco             IGM          and other 1         consolidation    Power Financial   Power Financial

Earnings coverage ratio (preferred shares (and debt)) 1                                                                                                     7.1                5.2
                                      2
Earnings coverage ratio (debt)                                                                                                                             11.4                8.3
1 The earnings coverage ratio (preferred shares (and debt)) is calculated based on net earnings of Power Financial before financing charges and income taxes for the twelve
  months ended September 30, 2025, divided by the aggregate dividend and financing charge requirements for this period. Power Financial’s annualized dividend
  requirements on all of its preferred shares, including those of subsidiaries, have been adjusted to a pre-tax equivalent using effective income tax rates of 14.3% for the
  twelve months ended September 30, 2025.
2 The earnings coverage ratio (debt) is calculated based on net earnings of Power Financial before financing charges and income taxes for the twelve months ended
  September 30, 2025, divided by the aggregate financing charge requirements for this period.




                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                         A  71
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       NON-IFRS FINANCIAL MEASURES




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       DEFINITIONS
                                       This MD&A presents and discusses financial measures which are not in accordance with IFRS. Management uses these
                                       financial measures in its presentation and analysis of the financial performance of Power Corporation, and believes that they
                                       provide additional meaningful information to readers in their analysis of the results of the Corporation. See also “Statement
                                       Regarding Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Measures”. The non-IFRS financial measures and non-IFRS ratios used in
                                       this MD&A are defined as follows:
                                       Non-IFRS financial measure     Definition                                                                             Purpose
                                       Adjusted net earnings          Net earnings from continuing operations 1 excluding Adjustments.                       Assists in the comparison of the current period’s
                                         from continuing                                                                                                     underlying operating performance to that of previous
                                         operations 1                                                                                                        periods as it reflects management’s view of the
                                                                                                                                                             operating performance of the Corporation and its
                                                                                                                                                             subsidiaries, excluding items that are not considered to
                                                                                                                                                             be part of the underlying business results.
                                                                                                                                                             As a holding company, management reviews and
                                                                                                                                                             assesses the performance of each operating company’s
                                                                                                                                                             contribution to net earnings and adjusted net earnings.
                                         Adjustments                  After-tax impact of any item that in management’s judgment, including                  Identifies items that are not considered part of
                                                                      those identified by management of Lifeco and IGM, would make the                       operating performance by management, including
                                                                      period-over-period comparison of results from operations less                          items identified by management of Lifeco and IGM.
                                                                      meaningful. Adjustments include the Corporation’s share of Lifeco’s
                                                                      impact of:
                                                                         market-related impacts, where actual market returns in the current
                                                                           period are different than longer-term expected returns;
                                                                         assumption changes and management actions that impact the
                                                                           measurement of assets and liabilities;
                                                                         direct equity and interest rate impacts on the measurement of surplus
                                                                           assets and liabilities; and
                                                                         amortization of acquisition-related finite life intangible assets,
                                                                      as well as items that management believes are not indicative of the
                                                                      underlying business results which include those identified by
                                                                      management of a subsidiary or a jointly controlled corporation,
                                                                      including:
                                                                         business transformation and other impacts (including restructuring
                                                                           or reorganization and integration costs, acquisition and divestiture
                                                                           costs);
                                                                         material legal settlements;
                                                                         material impairment charges;
                                                                         material impacts of the remeasurement of deferred tax assets and
                                                                           liabilities including those as a result of income tax rate changes, and
                                                                           other tax impairments;
                                                                         certain non-recurring material items, net gains, losses or costs
                                                                           related to the disposition or acquisition of a business, including
                                                                           those related to an investment in an associate or jointly controlled
                                                                           corporation;
                                                                         impacts related to remeasurements due to market changes that
                                                                           result in an accounting mismatch including the remeasurement of
                                                                           derivatives where the hedged item is not also measured at fair value
                                                                           and hedge accounting is not applied, and the revaluation of
                                                                           redemption liabilities, share warrants and conversion options on
                                                                           convertible and exchangeable debt obligations;
                                                                         the impact of the revaluation of non-controlling interests liabilities
                                                                           related to PSEIP which result from changes in fair value of assets
                                                                           held within the fund, and the share of earnings (losses) from the
                                                                           consolidated activities of PSEIP attributable to third-party investors;
                                                                           and
                                                                         other items that, when removed, assist in explaining underlying
                                                                           operating performance.
                                       1 Attributable to participating shareholders of Power Corporation.




                                            A  72                                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


Non-IFRS financial measure   Definition                                                                                Purpose
Adjusted net asset value     Adjusted net asset value represents the fair value of the participating                   Presents the fair value of the participating shareholders’
                             shareholders’ equity of Power Corporation. Adjusted net asset value is                    equity of the holding company and is used to assist in




                                                                                                                                                                                    PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                             calculated as the fair value of the assets of the combined Power                          assessing value.
                             Corporation and Power Financial holding company less their net debt                       This measure may be used by investors and analysts in
                             and preferred shares.                                                                     determining or comparing the fair value of investments
                             The investments held in publicly traded entities (including Lifeco, IGM                   held by the holding company or its overall fair value.
                             and GBL) are measured at their market value and investments in private
                             entities and investment funds are measured at management’s estimate
                             of fair value.
                             The definition of adjusted net asset value involves a number of
                             assumptions, judgments and estimates that may prove to be inaccurate,
                             and the adjusted net asset value per share is not a representation or
                             guarantee of the value a participating shareholder will be able to
                             realize.
Consolidated assets under    Consolidated assets under management and advisement includes                              Consolidated assets under management and
  management and             assets managed on behalf of clients which are beneficially owned by                       advisement and Consolidated assets and assets under
  advisement, and            clients including:                                                                        administration provide an indicator of the size and
Consolidated assets and          Internally and externally managed funds, including proprietary                       volume of the Corporation’s consolidated businesses,
  assets under                     mutual funds, exchange-traded funds and institutional assets,                       including the publicly traded operating companies and
  administration                   where the Corporation’s publicly traded operating companies                         alternative asset investment platforms.
                                   and alternative asset investment platforms have oversight of the                    Consolidated assets and assets under administration
                                   investment policies; and                                                            includes assets in which the Corporation’s consolidated
                                The fair value of assets managed on behalf of the clients by asset                    publicly traded operating companies and investment
                                  managers controlled within the investment platforms, including                       management services businesses only provide
                                  assets managed through a separately managed account.                                 administration services, which are an important aspect
                                                                                                                       of the overall business and should be considered when
                             Services provided in respect of assets under management and                               comparing volumes, size and trends.
                             advisement include the selection of investments, the provision of
                             investment advice, discretionary portfolio management on behalf of
                             clients and/or the provision of financial advice.
                             Consolidated assets and assets under administration includes
                             consolidated assets under management and advisement, assets under
                             administration only, and other assets on the balance sheet. Assets under
                             administration only includes assets where the Corporation’s
                             consolidated publicly traded operating companies and investment
                             management services businesses only provide administration services
                             for which they earn fees and other income. These assets are beneficially
                             owned by the clients and the Corporation’s operating subsidiaries do
                             not direct the investing activities. Services provided relating to assets
                             under administration only include record keeping, safekeeping,
                             collecting investment income, settling of transactions or other
                             administrative services.
                             Other balance sheet assets include insurance contract assets,
                             reinsurance contract assets, goodwill and intangible assets, other assets,
                             as well as the portion of investments (including investments in jointly
                             controlled corporations and associates) and investments on account of
                             segregated fund policyholders not included within consolidated assets
                             under management and advisement.
Fee-related earnings         Fee-related earnings is presented for Sagard and Power Sustainable                        This measure is presented for the alternative asset
(of alternative asset        and includes management fees and fee-related performance revenues                         investment platforms, Sagard and Power Sustainable,
investment platforms)        earned across all asset classes, less investment platform expenses which                  and is used to assess the profitability from their asset
                             include i) fee-related compensation including salary, bonus, and                          management activities. This financial measure provides
                             benefits, and ii) operating expenses. Fee-related performance revenues                    insight as to whether recurring revenues from
                             represents the realized portion of performance revenues from                              management fees and fee-related performance
                             perpetual capital vehicles that are i) measured and expected to be                        revenues, which are not based on future realization
                             received on a recurring basis, ii) not dependent on realization events                    events, are sufficient to cover associated operating
                             from underlying investments, and iii) not subject to clawback. Fee-                       expenses.
                             related earnings is presented on a gross pre-tax basis, including non-
                             controlling interests.
                             Fee-related earnings excludes i) share-based compensation expenses,
                             ii) amortization of acquisition-related finite life intangible assets,
                             iii) foreign exchange-related gains and losses, iv) net interest, and
                             v) other items that in management’s judgment are not indicative of
                             underlying operating performance of the alternative asset investment
                             platforms, which include restructuring costs, transaction and integration
                             costs related to business acquisitions and certain non-recurring material
                             items.




                                P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                            A  73
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       Non-IFRS ratio                Definition                                                                             Purpose
                                       Adjusted net earnings         Earnings per share calculated using adjusted net earnings from                         Assists in comparing adjusted net earnings from
                                         from continuing             continuing operations.                                                                 continuing operations on a per share basis; refer to




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                         operations per share        Adjusted net earnings from continuing operations divided by the                        “Adjusted net earnings from continuing operations”
                                                                     weighted average number of participating shares outstanding.                           definition above.

                                       Adjusted net asset value      Adjusted net asset value calculated on a per share basis.                              Assists the reader in comparing the adjusted net asset
                                         per share                   Adjusted net asset value divided by the number of participating shares                 value on a per share basis; refer to “Adjusted net asset
                                                                     outstanding at the end of the reporting period.                                        value” definition above.


                                       These non-IFRS financial measures do not have a standard meaning and may not be comparable to similar measures used by
                                       other entities.

                                       RECONCILIATIONS OF IFRS AND NON-IFRS FINANCIAL MEASURES
                                       Adjusted Net Earnings
                                       The following table presents a reconciliation of adjusted net earnings, a non-IFRS financial measure, to net earnings reported
                                       in accordance with IFRS. Adjusted net earnings is presented in the section “Contribution to Net Earnings and Adjusted Net
                                       Earnings”:
                                                                                                                                                            Three months ended                            Nine months ended
                                                                                                                         September 30,              June 30,       September 30,               September 30,   September 30,
                                                                                                                                2025                   2025               2024                        2025            2024

                                       Adjusted net earnings from continuing operations –
                                        Non-IFRS financial measure 1                                                                863                 883                    693                   2,533           2,142
                                       Share of Adjustments 2, net of tax
                                          Lifeco                                                                                     (57)              (168)                  (143)                   (343)           (135)
                                          IGM                                                                                          (1)                  8                    (3)                      5              (5)
                                          GBL                                                                                        (67)                   −                  (44)                     (45)            (44)
                                          Sagard and Power Sustainable                                                               (35)                 49                   (35)                       2             (14)
                                          Standalone businesses                                                                        −                    −                  (97)                     12              (85)
                                                                                                                                   (160)               (111)                  (322)                   (369)           (283)
                                       Net earnings from continuing operations –
                                        IFRS financial measure 1                                                                    703                 772                    371                   2,164           1,859
                                       Net earnings (loss) from discontinued operations – Putnam                                       −                    −                     −                      −              (49)
                                                                                    1
                                       Net earnings – IFRS financial measure                                                        703                 772                    371                   2,164           1,810
                                       1 Attributable to participating shareholders of Power Corporation.
                                       2 Refer to the section “Adjustments” for more details on Adjustments from Lifeco, IGM, GBL, Sagard and Power Sustainable and the Standalone businesses.




                                            A  74                                                P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


Adjustments (excluded from Adjusted net earnings)
The following table presents the Corporation’s share of Adjustments on a pre- and post-tax basis:




                                                                                                                                                                                         PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                                                 Three months ended               Nine months ended
                                                                                                 September 30,           June 30,       September 30,   September 30,   September 30,
                                                                                                        2025                2025               2024            2025            2024
Lifeco 1
   Market experience relative to expectations (pre-tax)                                                       33                 (80)            32            (124)              155
      Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                             (5)                 8              (4)            18               (35)
   Assumption changes and management actions (pre-tax)                                                       (17)                 (3)          (161)             (49)          (158)
      Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                             −                   1             22                8              45
   Business transformation and other impacts (pre-tax) 2                                                     (48)           (124)                 (5)          (181)              (74)
      Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                              9                41                2             52               18
   Amortization of acquisition-related finite life
     intangible assets (pre-tax)                                                                             (33)                (34)            (32)          (102)           (101)
      Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                              7                  8               8             25               26
   Tax legislative changes and other tax impacts                                                                7                  8              −              15                −
                                                                                                             (47)           (175)              (138)           (338)           (124)
   Effect of consolidation (pre-tax) 3                                                                       (10)                  7              (5)             (5)             (11)
      Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                             −                  −               −               −                −
                                                                                                             (57)           (168)              (143)           (343)           (135)
IGM 1
  Rockefeller debt refinancing (pre-tax)                                                                       −                  −               −               −                (2)
      Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                             −                  −               −               −                −
  Share of Lifeco adjustments (pre-tax)                                                                        (2)                (4)             (3)             (8)              (4)
      Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                             −                  −               −               −                −
                                                                                                               (2)                (4)             (3)             (8)              (6)
   Effect of consolidation (pre-tax) 3                                                                          1                14               −              15                −
      Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                             −                  (2)             −               (2)               1
                                                                                                               (1)                 8              (3)              5               (5)
GBL
  Loss on partial divestment of GBL Capital portfolio (pre-tax and post-tax)                                 (67)                 −               −              (67)              −
  Share of Affidea's gain on debt modification (pre-tax and post-tax)                                          −                  −               −              22                −
  Imerys' currency translation reclassification and
    impairment (pre-tax and post-tax)                                                                          −                  −              (44)             −               (44)
                                                                                                             (67)                 −              (44)            (45)             (44)
Sagard and Power Sustainable
  Currency translation reclassification on
    Power Sustainable China (pre-tax)                                                                          −                  −               −               −               54
     Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                              −                  −               −               −                −
  Revaluation of NCI liabilities and other
    market-related impacts (pre-tax)                                                                         (36)                38              (38)            (12)             (56)
     Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                               1                11                3             14                 2
  Restructuring charges (pre-tax)                                                                              −                  −               −               −               (14)
     Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                              −                  −               −               −                −
                                                                                                             (35)                49              (35)              2              (14)
Standalone businesses
   Gain on disposal of an affiliated business of Peak (pre-tax)                                                −                  −               −               −               46
      Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                             −                  −               −               −                −
   Lion impairment and other market-related impacts (pre-tax)                                                  −                  −               (7)             −               (49)
      Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                             −                  −               −               −                 8
   LMPG impairment and other market-related impacts (pre-tax)                                                  −                  −              (90)             −               (90)
      Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                             −                  −               −               −                −
   LMPG remeasurement of deferred tax liabilities                                                              −                  −               −              12                −
                                                                                                               −                  −              (97)            12               (85)
                                                                                                           (160)            (111)              (322)           (369)           (283)
1 As reported by Lifeco and IGM.
2 Business transformation and other impacts include acquisition and divestiture costs as well as restructuring and integration costs.
3 The Effect of consolidation reflects i) the elimination of intercompany transactions; and ii) the application of the Corporation’s accounting method for investments under
  common ownership to the Adjustments reported by Lifeco and IGM, including a realized gain recognized by IGM in the second quarter of 2025 on the sale of a portion
  of its interest in Conquest, a corporate investment classified by IGM as FVOCI.




                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                            A  75
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       Adjusted Net Asset Value
                                       The following table presents a reconciliation of the participating shareholders’ equity reported in accordance with IFRS to the




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       adjusted net asset value, a non-IFRS financial measure. Adjusted net asset value is presented in the section “Adjusted Net
                                       Asset Value”:
                                                                                                                                                                                         September 30,     December 31,
                                                                                                                                                                                                2025             2024

                                       Participating shareholders’ equity – IFRS financial measure
                                           Share capital – participating shares                                                                                                                   9,200         9,236
                                           Retained earnings                                                                                                                                     11,911        11,364
                                           Reserves                                                                                                                                               2,390         2,330
                                                                                                                                                                                                 23,501        22,930
                                       Fair value adjustments 1
                                           Lifeco                                                                                                                                                18,122        13,184
                                           IGM                                                                                                                                                    3,236         2,698
                                           GBL                                                                                                                                                     (782)        (1,521)
                                           Sagard and Power Sustainable                                                                                                                           2,133         1,687
                                           Standalone businesses                                                                                                                                     (4)            (4)
                                                                                                                                                                                                 22,705        16,044
                                       Adjusted net asset value – Non-IFRS financial measure                                                                                                     46,206        38,974

                                       Per share 2
                                       Participating shareholders’ equity (book value)                                                                                                            36.74         35.56
                                       Adjusted net asset value                                                                                                                                   72.24         60.44
                                       1 Refer to the section “Adjusted Net Asset Value” for more details on the fair value adjustments.
                                       2 Attributable to participating shareholders.


                                       Consolidated Assets Under Management and Advisement, and Consolidated Assets and Assets Under Administration
                                                                                                                                                                                         September 30,     December 31,
                                       (in billions of dollars)                                                                                                                                 2025             2024

                                       Total consolidated assets under management and advisement                                                                                                  1,403         1,259
                                       Assets under administration only                                                                                                                           2,271         2,073
                                                                                                                                                                                                  3,674         3,332
                                       Other assets on balance sheets                                                                                                                              272            267
                                       Total consolidated assets and assets under administration                                                                                                  3,946         3,599

                                           of which: total balance sheet assets                                                                                                                    917            851




                                             A  76                                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


Fee-related earnings (of alternative asset investment platforms)
The following table presents the reconciliation of the net earnings attributable to participating shareholders of Power




                                                                                                                                                                                  PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
Corporation in accordance with IFRS to the fee-related earnings of the alternative asset investment platforms, a non-IFRS
financial measure. Fee-related earnings is presented in the section “Asset Management Activities” of the section “Sagard and
Power Sustainable”.
                                                                                                                          Three months ended                Nine months ended
                                                                                        September 30,              June 30,      September 30,   September 30,   September 30,
                                                                                               2025                   2025              2024            2025            2024

Net earnings attributable to participating shareholders of
 Power Corporation – IFRS financial measure                                                        703                 772               371           2,164           1,810
Excluding:
   Contribution to net earnings from Lifeco                                                       (765)               (627)             (567)         (1,972)         (1,878)
   Contribution to net earnings from IGM                                                          (168)               (152)             (133)           (467)           (402)
   Contribution to net earnings from GBL                                                             78                  15               62              68               (13)
   Contribution to net earnings from Lifeco, IGM and GBL                                          (855)               (764)             (638)         (2,371)         (2,293)
   Contribution to net earnings from the holding company                                             88                132                95             312             264
Contribution to net earnings from Alternative Asset
 Investment Platforms and Other                                                                     (64)               140              (172)            105            (219)
Excluding:
   Investing activities                                                                              52               (148)               47            (128)              11
   Standalone businesses                                                                               2                   2             107               (3)           144
Contribution to net earnings from Asset
 Management Activities                                                                              (10)                  (6)            (18)            (26)              (64)
Adjustments:
Sagard
   Non-controlling interests                                                                          (2)                12               12                2              17
   Loss (earnings) from private wealth platform and other
    asset management activities                                                                       (1)                  −               −               (1)               1
   Net carried interest                                                                             (45)                (30)              (22)            (79)             (35)
   Share-based compensation                                                                            −                   1                2               7                6
   Amortization of intangibles                                                                         5                   2                2               8                4
   Acquisition-related costs 1                                                                         8                   4                3             14                 4
   Change in fair value of NCI liabilities                                                           22                   (2)              (1)            20                (1)
   Income taxes and other                                                                              7                   2               (2)              8               (8)
Power Sustainable
   Non-controlling interests                                                                          (1)                 (1)              (4)             (4)              (5)
   Loss (earnings) from development and asset management
    activities provided by Potentia and Nautilus on
    behalf of PSEIP                                                                                    5                   3                6               6              13
   Net carried interest                                                                               (1)                  4                8               6              14
   Share-based compensation                                                                            2                   2               −                4                −
   Acquisition-related costs                                                                           −                   −                8              −                 8
   Restructuring charges                                                                               −                   −               −               −               14
   Other                                                                                              (1)                  −               (1)             (1)               −
                                                                                                      (2)                 (3)             11              (10)             32
Fee-related earnings (loss) – Non-IFRS financial measure                                            (12)                  (9)              (7)           (36)              (32)

Sagard                                                                                                (5)                 (3)              −              (16)              (6)
Power Sustainable                                                                                     (7)                 (6)              (7)            (20)             (26)
1 Includes transaction costs and changes in fair value related to contingent consideration.




                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                     A  77
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       OTHER MEASURES

                                       This MD&A also includes other measures, which include:




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       Term                               Definition
                                       Assets under management and        Operating asset management and investment management services businesses within the Power
                                        administration                    group, including IGM, alternative asset managers and Wealthsimple, present the total value of assets
                                                                          managed or administered which are beneficially owned by clients and are not recognized in the
                                                                          consolidated financial statements. The composition of the assets under management and
                                                                          administration is relative to the activities of the asset managers and are further defined as follows:
                                         Assets under management          AUM&A represents the consolidated AUM and AUA of IGM’s core businesses IG Wealth Management
                                          and advisement (AUM&A)          and Mackenzie Investments. In IGM’s Wealth Management segment, AUM is a component part of AUA.
                                          of IGM                          Assets under management are client assets where IGM provides investment management services,
                                                                          and include investment funds where IGM is the fund manager, investment advisory mandates to
                                                                          institutions, and other client accounts where IGM has discretionary portfolio management
                                                                          responsibilities.
                                                                          Assets under advisement represents savings and investment products held within the client accounts
                                                                          of IGM’s Wealth Management segment’s core business.
                                         Assets under management          AUM&A including SI represents IGM’s AUM&A including its proportionate share of the AUM&A of
                                          and advisement including        strategic investments, based on IGM’s direct and indirect ownership of the strategic investments. The
                                          strategic investments           strategic investments included are those whose activities are primarily in asset and wealth
                                          (AUM&A including SI) of IGM     management, and include interests in ChinaAMC, Northleaf, Rockefeller and Wealthsimple.
                                                                          Rockefeller client assets include assets under management and advisement as well as assets held for
                                                                          investment purposes and only receiving administrative services.
                                         Assets under management of       Assets under management of investment platforms include:
                                          alternative asset investment       Net asset value of the investment funds and co-investment vehicles managed, including unfunded
                                          platforms                             commitments and permanent leverage;
                                                                             Gross asset value of investment funds managed within the real estate platform; and
                                                                             Fair value of assets managed on behalf of the Corporation and clients by asset managers controlled
                                                                                within the investment platforms, including assets managed through a separately managed account.
                                        Assets under administration of    Assets under administration includes the total value of assets held on behalf of clients and includes
                                         Wealthsimple                     client assets in which investment management services are provided.
                                       Book value per                     Represents Power Corporation’s participating shareholders’ equity divided by the number of
                                        participating share               participating shares outstanding at the end of the reporting period.

                                       Carried interest                   Carried interest is earned through a contractual arrangement between alternative asset managers and
                                                                          the funds managed in which the asset manager earns a fixed percentage of investment returns over a
                                                                          predetermined hurdle return.

                                       Fee-bearing capital                Fee-bearing capital includes:
                                                                             Total capital commitments of venture capital, private equity, and certain private credit funds during
                                                                                the investment period;
                                                                             Net invested capital of private credit funds, funds which have completed their investment period,
                                                                                separately managed accounts within the credit platforms and certain co-investment vehicles;
                                                                             Net asset value of Power Sustainable Energy Infrastructure including direct investments in energy
                                                                                assets, and funds within the real estate platform; and
                                                                             Invested capital or gross asset value of assets managed through separately managed accounts
                                                                                within the real estate platform.
                                       Market capitalization              Represents the aggregate market value of a company. Market capitalization is determined at a point
                                                                          in time and represents the number of outstanding shares multiplied by the closing share price.




                                              A  78                                     P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


Term                                  Definition
Net asset value                       On a quarterly basis, GBL reports its net asset value as it represents an important criterion used in
 reported by GBL                      assessing its performance. GBL's net asset value represents the fair value of its investment portfolio, its




                                                                                                                                                    PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                      gross cash, the present value of its Concentrix note and its treasury shares, less its gross debt.
                                         GBL’s investments held in listed entities and treasury shares are measured at their market value,
                                             the present value of the Concentrix note is calculated at the market rate taking into account
                                             Concentrix’s credit quality, investments in private entities are measured using the
                                             recommendations of the International Private Equity and Venture Capital Valuation Guidelines,
                                             and recent investments are valued at their acquisition cost, which represents GBL management’s
                                             best estimate.
                                         GBL Capital’s portfolio of investments is measured by adding all investments at fair value
                                             provided by the fund managers with GBL Capital’s net cash, less its net debt.
                                         Sienna Investment Managers’ assets are valued at the fair value of the acquired management
                                             companies.
                                      For more information on GBL's net asset value and valuation principles, refer to its website
                                      (www.gbl.com).
Net asset value of                    Net asset value of investment funds represents the fair value of the investments held within the fund,
 investment funds                     net of any liabilities.

Net carried interest                  Represents carried interest earned, net of direct employee costs which are usually recognized over
                                      the vesting period.

Unfunded commitments                  Represents the capital that has been committed by limited partners, but not called by the fund. In
                                      some cases, unfunded commitments include distributions for funds currently in the investment
                                      period, which are recallable by the fund.
Weighted average                      Represents the weighted average management fee rate charged on the fee-bearing capital across all
 management fee rate                  asset classes during the period.
                                      Management fees earned during the period are divided by the average fee-bearing capital of funds,
                                      co-investment vehicles and separately managed accounts during such period. Management fees
                                      include retroactive management fees earned during the period related to the timing of subsequent
                                      fundraising closes.




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                A  79
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       ABBREVIATIONS

                                       The following abbreviations are used throughout this report:




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       adidas                       adidas AG                                                 PEM-PVC II                                  Performance Venture Capital II, LP
                                       Adjusted net earnings        Adjusted net earnings from continuing operations          PEM-PVC III                                 Performance Venture Capital III, LP
                                       Affidea                      Affidea Group B.V.                                        PEM-PVC IV                                  Performance Venture Capital IV, LP
                                       Alternative asset            Alternative Asset Investment Platforms                    PEM-PVC V                                   Performance Venture Capital V, LP
                                         investment platforms or                                                              PEM-PVC VI                                  Performance Venture Capital VI, LP
                                         Investment platforms                                                                 PEM-PVC SOF                                 Performance Venture Capital Special
                                       BEX                          BEX Capital SAS                                                                                          Opportunities Fund I, LP
                                       BEX II                       BEX Fund II S.L.P.                                        Pernod Ricard                               Pernod Ricard SA
                                       BEX III                      BEX Fund III S.L.P.                                       Portage Capital Solutions                   Portage Capital Solutions Fund I LP
                                       BEX IV                       BEX Fund IV S.L.P.                                        Portage Ventures I                          Portag3 Ventures Limited Partnership
                                       BEX V                        BEX Fund V S.L.P.                                         Portage Ventures II                         Portag3 Ventures II Limited Partnership
                                       Canada Life                  The Canada Life Assurance Company                         Portage Ventures III                        Portage Ventures III Limited Partnership
                                       Canyon                       Canyon Bicycles GmbH                                      Portage Ventures IV                         Portage Ventures IV Limited Partnership
                                       ChinaAMC                     China Asset Management Co., Ltd.                          Portage Ventures Funds                      Portage Ventures I, Portage Ventures II,
                                       Concentrix                   Concentrix Corporation                                                                                  Portage Ventures III and Portage Ventures IV
                                       Conquest                     Conquest Planning Inc.                                    Potentia or Potentia Renewables             Potentia Renewables Inc.
                                       Diagram                      Diagram Corporation                                       Power Financial                             Power Financial Corporation
                                       Diagram ClimateTech          Diagram ClimateTech Fund LP                               Power group                                 The Corporation and the subsidiaries and
                                       Diagram Funds                Diagram Ventures I, Diagram Ventures II,                                                                affiliated companies of the Corporation
                                                                      Diagram Ventures III, Diagram ClimateTech,              Power Sustainable                           Power Sustainable Capital Inc.
                                                                      Diagram Opportunity                                     Power Sustainable Decarb PE                 Power Sustainable Decarbonization Private Equity
                                       Diagram Opportunity          Diagram Opportunity Fund I LP                             Power Sustainable Energy or                 Power Sustainable Energy Infrastructure Inc.
                                       Diagram Ventures I           Diagram Ventures LP                                         Power Sustainable Energy
                                       Diagram Ventures II          Diagram Ventures II LP                                      Infrastructure
                                       Diagram Ventures III         Diagram Ventures III LP                                   Power Sustainable                           Power Sustainable Infrastructure
                                       EBR                          Euronext Brussels                                           Infrastructure Credit                       Credit Manager, LP
                                       Empower                      Empower Annuity Insurance Company of America              Power Sustainable Lios                      Power Sustainable Lios Inc.
                                       EPA                          Euronext Paris                                            Power Sustainable Manager or PSM            Power Sustainable Manager Inc.
                                       EverWest                     EverWest Holdings Inc.                                    Prudential                                  Prudential Financial, Inc.
                                       Franklin Templeton           Franklin Resources, Inc.                                  PSEIP                                       Power Sustainable Energy
                                       Frère Group                  Groupe Frère / Compagnie Nationale à Portefeuille                                                        Infrastructure Partnership
                                       FVOCI                        Fair value through other comprehensive income             Putnam                                      Putnam U.S. Holdings I, LLC
                                       FVPL                         Fair value through profit or loss                         Rockefeller                                 Rockefeller Capital Management
                                       GBL                          Groupe Bruxelles Lambert                                  Sagard                                      Sagard Holdings Inc.
                                       GMT                          Global Minimum Tax                                        Sagard CLO Equity                           Sagard CLO Equity Fund LP
                                       Grayhawk                     Grayhawk Wealth Holdings Inc.                             Sagard Credit Partners I                    Sagard Credit Partners, LP
                                       HalseyPoint                  HalseyPoint Asset Management, LLC                         Sagard Credit Partners II                   Sagard Credit Partners II, LP
                                       IASB                         International Accounting Standards Board                  Sagard Healthcare Partners                  Sagard Healthcare Royalty Partners, LP
                                       IFRS                         International Financial Reporting Standards               Sagard MidCap                               Sagard MidCap II, Sagard MidCap 3, and
                                       IGM or IGM Financial         IGM Financial Inc.                                                                                      Sagard MidCap 4
                                       IG Wealth Management         IG Wealth Management Inc.                                 Sagard MidCap II                            Sagard II-A FPCI and Sagard II-B FPCI
                                       Imerys                       Imerys SA                                                 Sagard MidCap 3                             Sagard 3 FPCI
                                       Irish Life                   Irish Life Group Limited                                  Sagard MidCap 4                             Sagard 4A FPCI and Sagard 4 FIPS
                                       Lifeco                       Great-West Lifeco Inc.                                    Sagard NewGen                               Sagard NewGen FPCI
                                       Lion or Lion Electric        The Lion Electric Company                                 Sagard NewGen 2                             Sagard NewGen 2 FPCI
                                       LMPG                         LMPG Inc.                                                 Sagard Private Credit                       Sagard Private Credit LP
                                       Mackenzie or                 Mackenzie Financial Corporation                           Sagard Private Equity Canada                Sagard Private Equity Canada LP
                                          Mackenzie Investments                                                               Sagard Private Equity Strategies            Sagard Private Equity Strategies LP
                                       Nautilus or Nautilus Solar   Nautilus Solar Energy, LLC                                Sagard Senior Lending Partners              Sagard Senior Lending Partners
                                       NCIB                         Normal Course Issuer Bid                                    or SSLP                                     Holdings (I and II) LP, and
                                       Northleaf                    Northleaf Capital Group Ltd.                                                                            Sagard Senior Lending Partners
                                       Ontex                        Ontex Group NV                                                                                          Holdings (I-U and II-U) LP
                                       PanAgora                     PanAgora Asset Management, Inc.                           Sanoptis                                    Sanoptis AG
                                       Pargesa                      Pargesa SA                                                SGS                                         SGS SA
                                       Parjointco                   Parjointco SA                                             SHMI                                        Sagard Holdings Management Inc.
                                       Parques Reunidos             Parques Reunidos Servicios Centrales, S.A.                SIX                                         Swiss Stock Exchange
                                       Peak                         Peak Achievement Athletics Inc.                           TSARs                                       Tandem Shares Appreciation Rights
                                       PEM                          Performance Equity Management, LLC                        TSX                                         Toronto Stock Exchange
                                       PEM-PDI III                  Performance Direct Investments III, LP                    Umicore                                     Umicore, NV/SA
                                       PEM-PDI IV                   Performance Direct Investments IV, LP                     Unigestion                                  Unigestion Private Equity Holding SA
                                       PEM-PDI V                    Performance Direct Investments V, LP                      USPF                                        GWL U.S. Property Fund LP
                                       PEM-PVC I                    Performance Venture Capital, LP                           Wealthsimple                                Wealthsimple Financial Corp.
                                                                                                                              XETR                                        XETRA Stock Exchange




                                             A  80                                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


SUMMARY OF QUARTERLY RESULTS




                                                                                                                                                                                        PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                               3,000                      2025                                            2024                                   2023
                                                                  Q3           Q2           Q1            Q4          Q3           Q2       Q1       Q4        Q3       Q2        Q1
Insurance revenue                                             5,594        5,551        5,486        5,399       5,292      5,273        5,250    5,174    5,110     5,081    5,037
Net investment income                                         2,793        2,459        2,469        2,931       2,365      2,548        2,516    2,500    2,391     2,154    2,150
Change in FVPL on investments                                 1,780        1,085        1,406       (2,886)      6,944           (848) (1,333)   11,098    (5,414) (2,626)    3,606
Fee income and other revenues                                 3,371        3,255        3,169        3,201       2,939      2,935        2,729    2,601    2,569     2,564    2,433
Total revenues                                              13,538       12,350       12,530         8,645 17,540           9,908        9,162   21,373    4,656     7,173 13,226

Net earnings 1                                                  703          772          689           933         371          730      709      406       975      501        313
  per share – basic                                            1.10         1.20         1.07          1.44        0.58          1.12     1.09     0.63     1.47      0.75     0.47
  per share – diluted                                          1.07         1.19         1.05          1.43        0.56          1.12     1.08     0.61     1.47      0.75     0.47
Earnings from continuing operations
Net earnings from continuing operations 1                       703          772          689           933         371          730      758      409       997      550        326
  per share – basic                                            1.10         1.20         1.07          1.44        0.58          1.12     1.17     0.63     1.50      0.82     0.49
  per share – diluted                                          1.07         1.19         1.05          1.43        0.56          1.12     1.16     0.61     1.50      0.82     0.49
Adjusted net earnings from
 continuing operations 1 2 3                                    863          883          787           829         693          739      710      688       682      691        610
  per share – basic 2                                          1.35         1.38         1.22          1.28        1.07          1.14     1.09     1.06     1.03      1.03     0.92
Adjustments 2 3 4                                              (160)        (111)          (98)         104        (322)           (9)     48      (279)     315     (141)    (284)
  per share – basic 2                                         (0.25)       (0.18)       (0.15)         0.16       (0.49)     (0.02)       0.08    (0.43)    0.47     (0.21)   (0.43)
1 Attributable to participating shareholders.
2 Adjusted net earnings from continuing operations attributable to participating shareholders and adjusted net earnings from continuing operations per share, and
  adjustments and adjustments per share are non-IFRS financial measures or non-IFRS ratios. For a definition of these non-IFRS financial measures, please refer to the section
  “Non-IFRS Financial Measures” in this MD&A.
3 GMT legislation was enacted in Canada on June 20, 2024 and applies retroactively to January 1, 2024. As a result, the comparative results for adjusted net earnings and
  Adjustments for the first quarter of 2024 are presented on a pro forma basis as if the legislation had been enacted in the first quarter of 2024.
4 The Corporation’s share of Adjustments is as follows:

                                                                                         2025                                             2024                                 2023
                                                                  Q3           Q2           Q1            Q4          Q3           Q2      Q1        Q4       Q3        Q2        Q1
  Lifeco
     Pre-tax                                                    (75)        (234)        (152)           (23)      (171)          (29)     11      (398)     (13)    (297)    (200)
     Tax effect                                                  18           66           34              9          28            6      20      224         2       57        39
                                                                (57)        (168)        (118)           (14)      (143)          (23)     31      (174)     (11)    (240)    (161)
  IGM
    Pre-tax                                                       (1)         10            (2)            −          (3)          (3)      −       (13)       −       (72)       (9)
    Tax effect                                                     −           (2)           −            19           −           −        1        (1)       −       17          7
                                                                  (1)           8           (2)           19          (3)          (3)      1       (14)       −       (55)       (2)
  GBL
    Pre-tax                                                     (67)            −          22              −         (44)          −        −       (27)     314       48        (23)
    Tax effect                                                     −            −            −             −           −           −        −         −        −        −         −
                                                                (67)            −          22              −         (44)          −        −       (27)     314       48        (23)
  Sagard and Power Sustainable
    Pre-tax                                                     (36)          38          (14)           (24)        (38)          (4)     26       (59)      13         9       (48)
    Tax effect                                                     1          11             2            12           3           −       (1)        3        (3)      (2)        1
                                                                (35)          49          (12)           (12)        (35)          (4)     25       (56)      10         7       (47)
  Standalone businesses
     Pre-tax                                                       −            −            −          111          (97)         16      (12)       (9)       2         2         3
     Tax effect                                                    −            −          12              −           −            5       3         1        −        −         −
                                                                   −            −          12           111          (97)         21       (9)       (8)       2         2         3
  Corporate operations and Other
    Pre-tax                                                        −            −            −             −           −           −        −         −        −       97        (14)
    Tax effect                                                     −            −            −             −           −           −        −         −        −        −        (40)
                                                                   −            −            −             −           −           −        −         −        −       97        (54)
                                                               (160)        (111)         (98)          104        (322)           (9)     48      (279)     315     (141)    (284)




                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                           A  81
                                       POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS

                                       (unaudited)                                                                                                                    September 30,   December 31,
                                       [in millions of Canadian dollars]                                                                                                     2025           2024

                                       Assets
                                       Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                             14,187       13,744
                                       Investments [Note 4]
                                          Bonds                                                                                                                            171,768       167,400
                                          Mortgage and other loans                                                                                                          43,912        44,665
                                          Shares                                                                                                                            21,668        19,572
                                          Investment properties                                                                                                              8,332         8,350
                                                                                                                                                                           245,680       239,987
                                       Insurance contract assets [Note 7]                                                                                                    1,505         1,193
                                       Reinsurance contract held assets [Note 7]                                                                                            17,311        17,842
                                       Derivative financial instruments                                                                                                      2,266         2,637
                                       Investments in jointly controlled corporations and associates [Note 5]                                                                8,634         8,801
                                       Owner-occupied properties and capital assets                                                                                          6,593         6,269
                                       Other assets                                                                                                                         49,575        40,668
                                       Deferred tax assets                                                                                                                   2,335         2,181
                                       Intangible assets                                                                                                                     7,068         6,974
                                       Goodwill                                                                                                                             14,747        14,677
                                       Investments on account of segregated fund policyholders [Note 6]                                                                    546,979       496,386
                                       Total assets                                                                                                                        916,880       851,359

                                       Liabilities
                                       Insurance contract liabilities [Note 7]                                                                                             160,458       155,683
                                       Investment contract liabilities                                                                                                      90,191        90,157
                                       Reinsurance contract held liabilities [Note 7]                                                                                          965           795
                                       Obligations to securitization entities                                                                                                4,913         5,025
                                       Power Corporation's debentures and other debt instruments [Note 8]                                                                      647           647
                                       Non-recourse debentures and other debt instruments of:
                                          Power Financial, Lifeco and IGM [Note 9A]                                                                                         11,299        12,031
                                          Consolidated investment funds and Other [Note 9B]                                                                                  4,024         3,878
                                       Derivative financial instruments                                                                                                      2,414         2,180
                                       Other liabilities                                                                                                                    48,438        39,338
                                       Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                                              1,379         1,253
                                       Insurance contracts on account of segregated fund policyholders [Note 7]                                                             70,505        66,343
                                       Investment contracts on account of segregated fund policyholders                                                                    476,474       430,043
                                       Total liabilities                                                                                                                   871,707       807,373

                                       Equity
                                       Share capital [Note 10]
                                         Non-participating shares                                                                                                             1,150          950
                                         Participating shares                                                                                                                 9,200        9,236
                                       Retained earnings                                                                                                                     11,911       11,364
                                       Reserves                                                                                                                               2,390        2,330
                                       Total shareholders' equity                                                                                                            24,651       23,880
                                       Non-controlling interests                                                                                                             20,522       20,106
                                       Total equity                                                                                                                          45,173       43,986
                                       Total liabilities and equity                                                                                                        916,880       851,359




                                             A  82                                      P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
P O WER C O RP O RAT I O N O F C ANAD A




CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EARNINGS




                                                                                                                                                                             PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                  Three months ended September 30,         Nine months ended September 30,
(unaudited)
[in millions of Canadian dollars, except per share amounts]                                                 2025                   2024          2025                2024

Insurance service result
Insurance revenue [Note 14]                                                                               5,594                   5,292       16,631              15,815
Insurance service expenses                                                                               (4,245)                 (4,099)     (12,836)            (12,223)
Net expense from reinsurance contracts                                                                     (471)                   (413)      (1,280)             (1,184)
Total insurance service result                                                                              878                    780         2,515               2,408

Net investment result
Net investment income [Note 4]                                                                            2,793                  2,365         7,721               7,429
Changes in fair value through profit or loss [Note 4]                                                     1,780                  6,944         4,271               4,763
                                                                                                          4,573                   9,309       11,992             12,192
Net finance income (expenses) from insurance contracts                                                   (2,096)                 (5,662)      (5,159)            (5,844)
Net finance income (expenses) from reinsurance contracts                                                   (145)                     94         (302)               (71)
Changes in investment contract liabilities                                                               (1,410)                 (3,189)      (4,213)            (3,933)
Net investment result                                                                                       922                    552         2,318               2,344
Net investment result - Insurance contracts on account of
 segregated fund policyholders
Net investment income (loss)                                                                              2,769                   2,498        4,180               5,417
Net finance income (expenses) from insurance contracts                                                   (2,769)                 (2,498)      (4,180)             (5,417)
Net investment result - Insurance contracts on account of
 segregated fund policyholders                                                                                  -                     -             -                   -

Other revenues
Fee income                                                                                                3,117                  2,739         9,046               8,045
Other                                                                                                       254                    200           749                 558
Total fee income and other revenues                                                                       3,371                  2,939         9,795               8,603

Other expenses
Operating and administrative expenses                                                                     3,535                  3,155        10,261               8,962
Financing charges                                                                                           202                    202           635                 605
Total other expenses                                                                                      3,737                  3,357        10,896               9,567
Earnings before investments in jointly controlled corporations
  and associates, and income taxes                                                                        1,434                    914         3,732               3,788
Share of earnings (losses) of investments in jointly controlled
  corporations and associates [Note 5]                                                                        66                    (22)         389                 115
Earnings before income taxes                                                                              1,500                    892         4,121               3,903
Income taxes [Note 16]                                                                                      305                    193           614                 732
Net earnings from continuing operations                                                                   1,195                    699         3,507               3,171
Net loss from discontinued operations                                                                         -                      -             -                (115)
Net gain from disposal of discontinued operations                                                             -                      -             -                  44
Net earnings                                                                                              1,195                    699         3,507               3,100

Attributable to
   Non-controlling interests                                                                                479                    315         1,304               1,251
   Non-participating shareholders                                                                            13                     13            39                  39
   Participating shareholders                                                                               703                    371         2,164               1,810
                                                                                                          1,195                    699         3,507               3,100


Earnings per participating share [Note 18]
Net earnings from continuing operations attributable
 to participating shareholders
  Basic                                                                                                     1.10                   0.58          3.37               2.87
  Diluted                                                                                                   1.07                   0.56          3.31               2.84
Net earnings attributable to participating shareholders
  Basic                                                                                                     1.10                   0.58          3.37               2.79
  Diluted                                                                                                   1.07                   0.56          3.31               2.76




                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                 A  83
                                       P O WER C O RP O RAT I O N O F C ANAD A




                                       CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                                               Three months ended September 30,                   Nine months ended September 30,
                                       (unaudited)
                                       [in millions of Canadian dollars]                                                                  2025                     2024                  2025               2024

                                       Net earnings                                                                                     1,195                      699                 3,507              3,100

                                       Other comprehensive income (loss)
                                         Items that may be reclassified subsequently to net earnings
                                         Net unrealized gains (losses) on FVOCI debt instruments
                                            Unrealized gains (losses)                                                                       27                     255                   141                221
                                              Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                  (6)                    (52)                  (27)               (46)
                                            Realized (gains) losses transferred to net earnings                                               -                      1                     7                 39
                                              Income tax expense (benefit)                                                                    -                       -                     -                (9)
                                                                                                                                            21                     204                   121                205

                                          Net unrealized gains (losses) on cash flow hedges
                                            Unrealized gains (losses)                                                                       45                       54                  113                 42
                                               Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                (10)                     (16)                 (26)               (10)
                                            Realized (gains) losses transferred to net earnings                                            (28)                     (45)                 (90)               (41)
                                               Income tax expense (benefit)                                                                  8                       12                   24                 11
                                                                                                                                            15                        5                   21                  2

                                          Net unrealized foreign exchange gains (losses) on translation
                                           of foreign operations
                                            Unrealized gains (losses) on translation                                                      386                      167                    79                664
                                            Realized (gains) losses transferred to net earnings                                             -                        -                     -               (265)
                                            Unrealized gains (losses) on hedges of net investments
                                              in foreign operations                                                                        (96)                     (70)                (283)              (132)
                                               Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                 17                        1                    7                 13
                                                                                                                                          307                        98                 (197)               280

                                          Share of other comprehensive income (losses) of investments
                                           in jointly controlled corporations and associates                                              165                      130                   275                201
                                            Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                    -                       (1)                    -                  -
                                                                                                                                          165                      129                   275                201

                                          Total - items that may be reclassified                                                          508                      436                   220                688

                                          Items that will not be reclassified subsequently to net earnings
                                          Net unrealized gains (losses) on FVOCI equity instruments
                                             Unrealized gains (losses)                                                                     (31)                     (94)                 129               (419)
                                               Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                   -                     (83)                  (1)                  -
                                                                                                                                           (31)                   (177)                  128               (419)

                                          Share of other comprehensive income (losses) of investments
                                           in jointly controlled corporations and associates                                                  3                    201                  (263)                45

                                          Actuarial gains (losses) on defined benefit plans                                                 11                      (36)                 138                302
                                            Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                    (3)                       5                  (37)               (81)
                                                                                                                                              8                     (31)                 101                221

                                          Total - items that will not be reclassified                                                      (20)                       (7)                 (34)             (153)

                                       Other comprehensive income                                                                         488                      429                   186                535

                                       Comprehensive income                                                                             1,683                    1,128                 3,693              3,635


                                       Attributable to
                                          Non-controlling interests                                                                       623                      421                 1,379              1,451
                                          Non-participating shareholders                                                                   13                       13                    39                 39
                                          Participating shareholders                                                                    1,047                      694                 2,275              2,145
                                                                                                                                        1,683                    1,128                 3,693              3,635




                                             A  84                                       P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
P O WER C O RP O RAT I O N O F C ANAD A




CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY




                                                                                                                                                                                  PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                 Share capital                                                             Reserves
Nine months ended                                                                                                                  Other
September 30, 2025                                    Non-                                                                 comprehensive                    Non-
(unaudited)                                   participating       Participating        Retained        Share-based               income               controlling       Total
[in millions of Canadian dollars]                    shares              shares        earnings       compensation             [Note 17]      Total     interests      equity

Balance, beginning of year                             950              9,236           11,364                   327              2,003     2,330       20,106        43,986
Net earnings                                             -                  -            2,203                     -                  -         -        1,304         3,507
Other comprehensive income                               -                  -                -                     -                111       111           75           186
Comprehensive income                                       -                   -          2,203                      -             111        111        1,379         3,693

Issuance of non-participating
  shares [Note 10]                                     200                     -                -                    -                -          -             -        200
Subordinate voting shares
  purchased and cancelled
  under Normal Course
  Issuer Bid [Note 10]                                     -             (114)             (268)                     -                -          -             -        (382)
Dividends to shareholders
    Non-participating shares                               -                   -            (39)                     -                -          -             -         (39)
    Participating shares                                   -                   -         (1,179)                     -                -          -             -      (1,179)
Dividends to non-controlling
  interests                                                -                   -                -                    -                -          -        (844)         (844)
Expense for share-based
  compensation [Note 11]                                   -                 -                  -                  33                 -         33           24             57
Stock options exercised                                    -                78                  -                 (26)                -        (26)          19             71
Realized gains on FVOCI equity
  instruments transferred to
  retained earnings                                        -                   -              47                     -              (47)       (47)            -              -
Share issue costs [Note 10]                                -                   -              (5)                    -                 -          -            -            (5)
Effects of changes in
  capital and ownership of
  subsidiaries, and other                               -                   -             (212)                    1                (12)      (11)        (162)         (385)
Balance, end of period                              1,150               9,200           11,911                   335              2,055     2,390       20,522        45,173



                                                                 Share capital                                                             Reserves
Nine months ended                                                                                                                  Other
September 30, 2024                                    Non-                                                                 comprehensive                    Non-
(unaudited)                                   participating       Participating        Retained        Share-based               income               controlling       Total
[in millions of Canadian dollars]                    shares              shares        earnings       compensation             [Note 17]      Total     interests      equity

Balance, beginning of year                             950              9,284           10,005                   408              1,496     1,904       19,122        41,265
Net earnings                                               -                   -          1,849                      -               -          -        1,251         3,100
Other comprehensive income                                 -                   -              -                      -             335        335          200           535
Comprehensive income                                       -                   -          1,849                      -             335        335        1,451         3,635

Subordinate voting shares
 purchased and cancelled
 under Normal Course
 Issuer Bid [Note 10]                                      -             (121)             (188)                     -                -          -             -        (309)
Dividends to shareholders
   Non-participating shares                                -                   -            (39)                     -                -          -             -         (39)
   Participating shares                                    -                   -         (1,094)                     -                -          -             -      (1,094)
Dividends to non-controlling
 interests                                                 -                   -                -                    -                -          -        (795)         (795)
Expense for share-based
 compensation [Note 11]                                    -                 -                  -                  20                 -         20           13             33
Stock options exercised                                    -                75                  -                 (59)                -        (59)          52             68
Realized gains on FVOCI equity
 instruments transferred to
 retained earnings                                         -                   -            135                      -             (135)     (135)             -             -
Effects of changes in
 capital and ownership of
 subsidiaries, and other                                   -                   -              25                  (26)                7        (19)       (262)         (256)
Balance, end of period                                 950              9,238           10,693                   343              1,703     2,046       19,581        42,508




                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                     A  85
                                       P O WER C O RP O RAT I O N O F C ANAD A




                                       CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                                                                                                   Nine months ended September 30,
                                       (unaudited)
                                       [in millions of Canadian dollars]                                                                                                                 2025                2024

                                       Operating activities
                                       Earnings before income taxes from continuing and discontinued operations                                                                      4,121                 3,743
                                       Income tax paid, net of refunds                                                                                                                (797)                 (666)
                                       Adjusting items
                                          Change in insurance contract liabilities                                                                                                   3,454                 6,279
                                          Change in investment contract liabilities                                                                                                  3,032                (2,585)
                                          Change in reinsurance contract held liabilities                                                                                              158                   157
                                          Change in reinsurance contract held assets                                                                                                   422                  (195)
                                          Change in insurance contract assets                                                                                                         (291)                   40
                                          Changes in fair value through profit or loss                                                                                              (4,271)               (4,763)
                                          Lifeco’s insurance and investment contract-related activities
                                             Sales, maturities and repayments of investments                                                                                        39,734                31,164
                                             Purchases of investments                                                                                                              (40,838)              (29,630)
                                          Other                                                                                                                                       (960)                  (93)
                                                                                                                                                                                     3,764                 3,451
                                       Financing activities
                                       Dividends paid
                                          By subsidiaries to non-controlling interests                                                                                                (829)                 (795)
                                          Non-participating shares                                                                                                                     (39)                  (39)
                                          Participating shares                                                                                                                      (1,149)               (1,073)
                                                                                                                                                                                    (2,017)               (1,907)
                                       Issuance of equity
                                          Corporation’s subordinate voting shares [Note 10]                                                                                               71                  68
                                          Non-participating shares [Note 10]                                                                                                             200                   -
                                          Subsidiaries’ common and preferred shares                                                                                                      511                 179
                                       Issuance of investment funds’ limited-life and redeemable units                                                                                   649                 406
                                       Repurchase or redemption of equity
                                          Corporation’s subordinate voting shares for cancellation under normal course issuer bid [Note 10]                                              (382)              (309)
                                          Subsidiaries’ common shares                                                                                                                    (739)              (191)
                                       Redemption of investment funds’ limited-life and redeemable units                                                                                  (68)                (6)
                                       Acquisition of non-controlling interests                                                                                                            (3)               (37)
                                       Changes in Power Financial, Lifeco and IGM's debt instruments [Note 9A]
                                          Repayment of senior notes                                                                                                                      (689)                 -
                                          Decrease in other debt instruments                                                                                                                -                (60)
                                       Changes in Consolidated investment funds and Other's debt instruments [Note 9B]
                                          Increase in other debt instruments                                                                                                           881                   439
                                          Decrease in other debt instruments                                                                                                          (709)                 (308)
                                       Repayment of lease liabilities                                                                                                                  (73)                  (79)
                                       Increase in obligations to securitization entities                                                                                            1,082                 1,164
                                       Repayment of obligations to securitization entities                                                                                          (1,200)               (1,011)
                                       Other                                                                                                                                          (548)                  (30)
                                                                                                                                                                                    (3,034)               (1,682)
                                       Investing activities
                                       Sales maturities and repayment of investments                                                                                                 2,552                 2,170
                                       Purchases of investments                                                                                                                     (2,591)               (2,180)
                                       Investments in jointly controlled corporations and associates [Note 5]                                                                         (182)                 (285)
                                       Impact from disposal of discontinued operations                                                                                                   -                  (211)
                                       Business acquisitions and asset acquisition, net of cash and cash equivalents acquired                                                          (67)                 (101)
                                       Distribution and proceeds from disposal of investments in jointly controlled corporations
                                         and associates [Note 5]                                                                                                                       556                   97
                                       Acquisition of capital assets, properties and other                                                                                            (524)                (541)
                                                                                                                                                                                      (256)              (1,051)
                                       Effect of changes in exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents                                                                                (31)                 198
                                       Increase in cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                           443                  916
                                       Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year                                                                                                 13,744               10,312
                                       Cash and cash equivalents, end of period                                                                                                     14,187               11,228

                                       Net cash from operating activities includes
                                       Interest and dividends received                                                                                                               7,079                 6,551
                                       Interest paid                                                                                                                                   938                   967




                                             A  86                                         P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
P O WER C O RP O RAT I O N O F C ANAD A




NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (unaudited)




                                                                                                                                                                              PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
(ALL TABULAR AMOUNTS ARE IN MILLIONS OF CANADIAN DOLLARS, UNLESS OTHERWISE NOTED)

Note 1      Corporate Information                                           87           Note 10          Share Capital                                                 102
Note 2      Basis of Presentation and Summary of Material                                Note 11          Share-Based Compensation                                      104
              Accounting Policies                                           88           Note 12          Capital Management                                            106
Note 3      Business Acquisitions and Other Transactions                    90           Note 13          Risk Management                                               108
Note 4      Investments                                                     91           Note 14          Insurance Revenue                                             114
Note 5      Investments in Jointly Controlled Corporations                               Note 15          Restructuring Expenses                                        114
              and Associates                                                93
                                                                                         Note 16          Income Taxes                                                  115
Note 6      Segregated Funds and Other Structured Entities                  94
                                                                                         Note 17          Other Comprehensive Income                                    116
Note 7      Insurance Contracts and Reinsurance Contracts Held 96
                                                                                         Note 18          Earnings Per Share                                            117
Note 8      Power Corporation’s Debentures and
              Other Debt Instruments                                        98           Note 19          Fair Value Measurement                                        118

Note 9      Non-Recourse Debentures and                                                  Note 20          Segmented Information                                         123
             Other Debt Instruments                                         99



The following abbreviations are used in these Consolidated Financial Statements:

Canada Life                 The Canada Life Assurance Company                              PAA                               Premium allocation approach
ChinaAMC                    China Asset Management Co., Ltd.                               Parjointco                        Parjointco SA
CSM                         Contractual service margin                                     Portage Ventures I                Portag3 Ventures Limited Partnership
Empower                     Empower Annuity Insurance Company                              Portage Ventures II               Portag3 Ventures II Limited Partnership
                             of America
                                                                                           Portage Ventures III              Portage Ventures III Limited Partnership
FVOCI                       Fair value through other comprehensive income
                                                                                           Power Corporation or              Power Corporation of Canada
FVPL                        Fair value through profit or loss                               the Corporation
GBL                         Groupe Bruxelles Lambert                                       Power Financial                   Power Financial Corporation
IFRS                        International Financial Reporting Standards                    Power Sustainable                 Power Sustainable Capital Inc.
IGM or IGM Financial        IGM Financial Inc.                                             Power Sustainable Energy          Power Sustainable Energy Infrastructure
                                                                                            Infrastructure                    Partnership
IG Wealth Management        IGWM Inc. (formerly Investors Group Inc.)
                                                                                           Rockefeller                       Rockefeller Capital Management
Lifeco                      Great-West Lifeco Inc.
                                                                                           Sagard                            Sagard Holdings Inc.
Lion                        The Lion Electric Co.
                                                                                           SHMI                              Sagard Holdings Management Inc.
LMPG                        LMPG Inc.
                                                                                           TSX                               Toronto Stock Exchange
Mackenzie or                Mackenzie Financial Corporation
 Mackenzie Investments                                                                     Wealthsimple                      Wealthsimple Financial Corp.
Northleaf                   Northleaf Capital Group Ltd.
OSFI                        Office of the Superintendent of Financial
                              Institutions



NOTE 1 CORPORATE INFORMATION

Power Corporation of Canada is a publicly listed company (TSX: POW; POW.PR.E) incorporated and domiciled in Canada
and located at 751 Victoria Square, Montréal, Quebec, Canada, H2Y 2J3.
Power Corporation is an international management and holding company that focuses on financial services in North America,
Europe and Asia. Its core holdings are leading insurance, retirement, wealth management and investment businesses,
including a portfolio of alternative asset investment platforms.
The unaudited Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (financial statements) of Power Corporation as at and
for the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2025 were approved by its Board of Directors on November 12,
2025.




                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                        A  87
                                       P O WER C O RP O RAT I O N O F C ANAD A




                                       NOTE 2 BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       BASIS OF P RESENTATION
                                       The financial statements of Power Corporation as at September 30, 2025 have been prepared in accordance with International
                                       Accounting Standard 34, Interim Financial Reporting (IAS 34) as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board
                                       (IASB) using the same accounting policies as set out in Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Corporation
                                       for the year ended December 31, 2024 except as described in the section Changes in Accounting Policies below. The financial
                                       statements should be read in conjunction with the Corporation’s December 31, 2024 Consolidated Financial Statements and
                                       notes thereto.
                                       The financial statements include the accounts of Power Corporation and its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis after
                                       elimination of intercompany transactions and balances, and consolidation adjustments.
                                       The financial statements of Power Corporation include, on a consolidated basis, the results of Power Financial, a reporting
                                       issuer in all of the provinces and territories of Canada, and Lifeco and IGM Financial, which are both public companies. The
                                       amounts shown on the consolidated balance sheets (balance sheets), consolidated statements of earnings (statements of
                                       earnings), consolidated statements of comprehensive income (statements of comprehensive income), consolidated
                                       statements of changes in equity (statements of changes in equity) and consolidated statements of cash flows (statements of
                                       cash flows) are mainly derived from the publicly disclosed consolidated financial statements of Lifeco and IGM Financial, all
                                       as at and for the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2025. Certain notes to Power Corporation’s financial
                                       statements are derived from the notes to the financial statements of Lifeco and IGM Financial.

                                       SUBSIDIARIES
                                       Subsidiaries, including controlled investment funds, are entities the Corporation controls when: (i) the Corporation has power
                                       over the entity; (ii) it is exposed or has rights to variable returns from its involvement; and (iii) it has the ability to affect those
                                       returns through its use of power over the entity. Subsidiaries of the Corporation are consolidated from the date of acquisition,
                                       being the date on which the Corporation obtains control, and continue to be consolidated until the date such control ceases.
                                       The Corporation reassesses whether or not it controls an entity if facts and circumstances indicate there are changes to one
                                       or more of the elements of control.

                                       JOINTLY CONTROLLED CORPORATIONS AND ASSOCIATES
                                       Jointly controlled corporations are entities in which unanimous consent is required for decisions relating to relevant activities.
                                       Associates are entities in which the Corporation exercises significant influence over the entity’s operating and financial
                                       policies, without having control or joint control. Investments in jointly controlled corporations and associates are accounted
                                       for using the equity method. Under the equity method, the Corporation recognizes its share of net earnings (losses) and other
                                       comprehensive income (loss) of the jointly controlled corporations and associates, and dividends received.
                                       In the case of investments in jointly controlled corporations and associates held by entities that meet the definition of a venture
                                       capital organization, the Corporation has elected to measure certain of its investments in jointly controlled corporations and
                                       associates at FVPL.

                                       COMPARATIVE FIGURES
                                       In 2025, the Corporation reclassified certain comparative figures for disclosure items to conform to the current period’s
                                       presentation. Non-recourse debentures and other debt instruments have been disaggregated on the balance sheets to
                                       distinguish those issued by Power Financial, Lifeco and IGM from those consolidated within the Alternative asset investment
                                       platforms and Other subsidiaries, which primarily represent project debt and other debt instruments of the Consolidated
                                       investment funds. The related cash flows within financing activities have also been disaggregated in the statements of cash
                                       flows. These reclassifications had no impact on the total assets, liabilities, equity, net earnings or total cash flows of the
                                       Corporation.




                                           A  88                                      P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
P O WER C O RP O RAT I O N O F C ANAD A




NOTE 2        BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)




                                                                                                                                                                               PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES, JOINTLY CONTROLLED CORPORATIONS AND ASSOCIATES

The financial statements of Power Corporation include the operations of the following direct and indirect subsidiaries and
investments in jointly controlled corporations and associates:
                                                                                                                                                   % equity interest
                                                                                                                                             September 30,    December 31,
Corporation                                           Classification        Incorporated             Primary business operation                     2025            2024
Holding company
Power Corporation of Canada                           Parent                Canada                   Holding company
Power Financial Corporation                           Subsidiary            Canada                   Holding company                                100.0              100.0
Publicly traded companies
Great-West Lifeco Inc. 1                              Subsidiary            Canada                   Financial services holding company              71.2               70.6
  The Canada Life Assurance Company                   Subsidiary            Canada                   Insurance and wealth management                100.0              100.0
  Irish Life Group Limited                            Subsidiary            Ireland                  Insurance and wealth management                100.0              100.0
  Empower Annuity Insurance                           Subsidiary            United States            Financial services                             100.0              100.0
   Company of America
IGM Financial Inc. 2                                  Subsidiary            Canada                   Wealth and asset management                     66.4               66.1
  IG Wealth Management                                Subsidiary            Canada                   Financial services                             100.0              100.0
  Mackenzie Financial Corporation                     Subsidiary            Canada                   Asset management company                       100.0              100.0
    China Asset Management Co., Ltd.                  Associate             China                    Asset management company                        27.8               27.8
    Northleaf Capital Group Ltd. 3                    Associate             Canada                   Alternative asset manager                       70.0               70.0
  Rockefeller Capital Management                      Associate             United States            Financial services                              20.5               20.5
Parjointco SA                                         Joint control         Belgium                  Holding company                                 50.0               50.0
  Groupe Bruxelles Lambert 4                          Subsidiary            Belgium                  Holding company                                 34.2               32.9
Alternative asset investment platforms
  and other
Power Sustainable Capital Inc.                        Subsidiary            Canada                   Holding company                                100.0              100.0
  Power Sustainable Manager Inc. 5                    Subsidiary            Canada                   Alternative asset manager                       95.5               95.5
  Power Sustainable Energy Infrastructure             Subsidiary            Canada                   Renewable energy fund                           41.3               46.5
   Partnership 6
  Potentia Renewables Inc.                            Subsidiary            Canada                   Renewable energy                               100.0              100.0
  Nautilus Solar Energy, LLC                          Subsidiary            United States            Renewable energy                               100.0              100.0
Sagard Holdings Inc.                                  Subsidiary            Canada                   Holding company                                100.0              100.0
  Sagard Holdings Management Inc. 7                   Subsidiary            Canada                   Alternative asset manager                       56.1               63.5
  Wealthsimple Financial Corp. 8                      Subsidiary            Canada                   Financial services                              54.2               54.4
  Portag3 Ventures LP 9                               Subsidiary            Canada                   Venture capital fund                           100.0              100.0
  Portag3 Ventures II LP 10                           Subsidiary            Canada                   Venture capital fund                            27.9               27.9
  Portage Ventures III LP 11                          Subsidiary            Canada                   Venture capital fund                            15.4               15.4
  Portage Capital Solutions Fund I LP 12              Subsidiary            Canada                   Venture capital fund                            57.1               57.1
Standalone Businesses
  LMPG Inc.                                           Subsidiary            Canada                   Lighting solutions                              49.6               49.6
1 Power Financial holds a 68.8% equity interest and IGM Financial holds a 2.4% equity interest in Lifeco (68.2% and 2.4%, respectively, at December 31, 2024).
  On September 3, 2025, Lifeco announced that the TSX approved an amendment permitting Lifeco to purchase its shares from Power Financial under its normal course
  issuer bid, enabling the Corporation to maintain its proportionate interest in Lifeco. At September 30, 2025, Lifeco had repurchased and cancelled 2,394,224 shares from
  Power Financial. This transaction did not have a material impact on the Corporation’s financial statements.
2 Power Financial holds a 62.5% equity interest and Canada Life holds a 3.9% equity interest in IGM Financial (62.2% and 3.9%, respectively, at December 31, 2024).
3 Represents a 49.9% non-controlling voting interest. Held through an acquisition vehicle 80% owned by Mackenzie Investments and 20% by Lifeco.
4 Parjointco has a controlling interest in GBL and holds a 48.0% voting interest.
5 Power Corporation and Lifeco hold an equity interest of 74.7% and 20.8%, respectively, in Power Sustainable Manager Inc.
6 Power Corporation holds a 28.4% equity interest and Lifeco holds a 12.9% equity interest in Power Sustainable Energy Infrastructure Partnership (32.8% and 13.7%,
  respectively, at December 31, 2024).
7 Power Corporation and Lifeco hold an equity interest of 44.9% and 11.2%, respectively, in Sagard Holdings Management Inc. (50.8% and 12.7%, respectively, at
  December 31, 2024). In March 2025, GBL acquired a 5% fully diluted interest in SHMI for a consideration of US$33 million. GBL holds an equity interest of 4.9% in SHMI
  at September 30, 2025. In September 2025, Baird Financial Group (Baird) entered into a strategic partnership with SHMI and acquired a 5% fully diluted interest in SHMI
  for a consideration of US$34 million.
8 Power Financial, Portage Ventures I and IGM Financial hold an equity interest of 13.7%, 10.5% and 30.0%, respectively, in Wealthsimple (13.8%, 10.5% and 30.1%,
  respectively, at December 31, 2024).
9 Power Financial holds a 63.0% equity interest and Lifeco and IGM Financial each hold an equity interest of 18.5% in Portage Ventures I.
10 Power Financial, Lifeco and IGM Financial each hold an equal equity interest of 7.7% and Sagard holds a 4.7% equity interest in Portage Ventures II.
11 Sagard, Lifeco and IGM Financial hold an equity interest of 2.4%, 9.0% and 4.0%, respectively, in Portage Ventures III.
12 Sagard and Lifeco hold an equity interest of 29.2% and 27.9%, respectively, in Portage Capital Solutions Fund I LP (29.2% and 27.9%, respectively, at December 31, 2024).




                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                  A  89
                                       P O WER C O RP O RAT I O N O F C ANAD A




                                       NOTE 2      BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING P OLICIES
                                       The Corporation adopted the amendments to IFRS for IAS 21, The Effects of Changes in Foreign Exchange Rates, effective
                                       January 1, 2025. The adoption of these amendments did not have a material impact on the Corporation’s financial statements.

                                       USE OF SIGNIFICANT JUDGMENTS, EST IM ATES AND ASSUMP TIONS
                                       In the preparation of the financial statements, management of the Corporation and management of its subsidiaries are
                                       required to make significant judgments, estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, net
                                       earnings, comprehensive income and related disclosures. Key sources of estimation, uncertainty and areas where significant
                                       judgments have been made by the management of the Corporation and the management of its subsidiaries are further
                                       described in the relevant accounting policies in the Corporation’s consolidated Financial Statements and notes thereto for
                                       the year ended December 31, 2024.

                                       FUTURE ACCOUNTING CH ANGES
                                       The Corporation and its subsidiaries monitor changes in IFRS, both proposed and released, by the IASB and analyze the effect
                                       that changes in the standards may have on the consolidated financial statements when they become effective.


                                       NOTE 3 BUSINESS ACQUISITIONS AND OTHER TRANSACTIONS

                                       LIFECO
                                       Sale of United Kingdom Onshore Bond Business
                                       On December 23, 2024, Canada Life U.K., a subsidiary of Lifeco, announced the signing of an agreement to transfer its
                                       onshore bond business to Countrywide Assured plc (Countrywide), a subsidiary of Chesnara plc. Concurrently, the two parties
                                       entered into a reinsurance agreement such that the risks and rewards of the underlying business are transferred to
                                       Countrywide. For the year ended December 31, 2024, the transaction resulted in a net gain of $21 million pre-tax, mainly
                                       driven by recognition of assets associated with the reinsurance agreement. The underlying assets and the related liabilities
                                       on account of segregated fund policyholders, with a carrying value of $2,832 million as at September 30, 2025 ($2,750 million
                                       as at December 31, 2024), are to be transferred to Countrywide pending court approval, which is expected to occur in 2026.

                                       WEALTHSIMPLE FINANCIAL CORP.
                                       Subsequent event
                                       On October 27, 2025, Wealthsimple announced that it had signed a $750 million equity offering, consisting of a $550 million
                                       primary offering, as well as a secondary offering of up to $200 million. On October 31, 2025, the primary offering closed and
                                       the Corporation, through Power Financial, and IGM each invested $100 million. Following the transaction, the Corporation
                                       remains the controlling shareholder of Wealthsimple, the equity interest in Wealthsimple decreased to 52.9%. The secondary
                                       offering is expected to close in the fourth quarter of 2025.




                                           A  90                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
P O WER C O RP O RAT I O N O F C ANAD A




NOTE 4         INVESTMENTS




                                                                                                                                                                                       PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
CARRYING VALUES AND FAIR VALUES
Carrying values and estimated fair values of investments are as follows:

                                                                                                              September 30, 2025                                  December 31, 2024
                                                                                                 Carrying                    Fair                    Carrying                   Fair
                                                                                                    value                  value                        value                 value

Bonds
  Designated as FVPL                                                                           155,784                      155,784                 151,279               151,279
  Classified as FVPL                                                                             1,939                        1,939                   1,987                 1,987
  FVOCI                                                                                         13,669                       13,669                  13,758                13,758
  Amortized cost                                                                                   376                          379                     376                   377
                                                                                               171,768                      171,771                 167,400               167,401
Mortgage and other loans
  Designated as FVPL                                                                             27,142                      27,142                  29,046                 29,046
  Classified as FVPL                                                                              6,002                       6,002                   4,886                  4,886
  FVOCI                                                                                             318                         318                     461                    461
  Amortized cost                                                                                 10,450                      10,053                  10,272                  9,685
                                                                                                 43,912                      43,515                  44,665                 44,078
Shares
  Classified as FVPL                                                                             20,643                      20,643                  18,649                 18,649
  Designated as FVOCI                                                                             1,025                       1,025                     923                    923
                                                                                                 21,668                      21,668                  19,572                 19,572
Investment properties                                                                             8,332                       8,332                   8,350                  8,350
                                                                                               245,680                      245,286                 239,987               239,401
N




NET INVESTMENT INCOME
                                                                                         Mortgage and                                 Investment
Three months ended September 30, 2025                                       Bonds          other loans                Shares           properties               Other          Total

Net investment income
  Investment income earned                                                 1,894                    393                 179                120                  311          2,897
  Net realized gains (losses) on derecognition of:
      Amortized cost assets                                                      -                     1                      -                -                    -            1
  Net expected credit loss (ECL) recovery                                        -                     1                      -                -                    -            1
  Other income (expenses)                                                        1                     5                    (1)             (50)                 (61)         (106)
                                                                           1,895                    400                 178                  70                  250         2,793
Changes in FVPL                                                              847                    118               1,002                   6                 (193)        1,780
Net investment income (loss)                                               2,742                    518               1,180                  76                   57         4,573



                                                                                         Mortgage and                                 Investment
Three months ended September 30, 2024                                       Bonds          other loans                Shares           properties               Other          Total

Net investment income
  Investment income earned                                                  1,727                   384                 143                 128                 127          2,509
  Net realized gains (losses) on derecognition of:
      FVOCI assets                                                             (1)                    -                    -                   -                   -            (1)
  Net ECL recovery                                                               -                    3                    -                   -                   -             3
  Other income (expenses)                                                        -                    -                 (23)                (50)                (73)          (146)
                                                                            1,726                   387                 120                  78                  54          2,365
Changes in FVPL                                                             4,428                   901               1,056                 (24)                583          6,944
Net investment income (loss)                                                6,154                 1,288               1,176                  54                 637          9,309




                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                                A  91
                                       P O WER C O RP O RAT I O N O F C ANAD A




                                       NOTE 4       INVESTMENTS (continued)




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                                    Mortgage and                                    Investment
                                       Nine months ended September 30, 2025                             Bonds         other loans                 Shares             properties      Other     Total

                                       Net investment income
                                         Investment income earned                                      5,575                 1,173                  488                    398       423      8,057
                                         Net realized gains (losses) on derecognition of:
                                             FVOCI assets                                                   (7)                   -                     -                     -          -       (7)
                                             Amortized cost assets                                            -                   2                     -                     -          -        2
                                         Net ECL (charge) recovery                                          (1)                   6                     -                     -          -        5
                                         Other income (expenses)                                             1                   12                   (6)                 (155)      (188)     (336)
                                                                                                       5,568                 1,193                 482                     243        235     7,721
                                       Changes in FVPL                                                 1,874                   560               2,220                     (74)      (309)    4,271
                                       Net investment income (loss)                                    7,442                 1,753               2,702                     169        (74)   11,992



                                                                                                                    Mortgage and                                    Investment
                                       Nine months ended September 30, 2024                             Bonds         other loans                 Shares             properties      Other     Total

                                       Net investment income
                                         Investment income earned                                      5,175                 1,140                  480                    379       545      7,719
                                         Net realized gains (losses) on derecognition of:
                                             FVOCI assets                                                 (39)                     -                    -                     -          -      (39)
                                             Amortized cost assets                                           -                     1                    -                     -          -        1
                                         Net ECL recovery                                                    -                     7                    -                     -          -        7
                                         Other income (expenses)                                             -                     5                  (9)                 (140)      (115)     (259)
                                                                                                       5,136                 1,153                 471                     239       430      7,429
                                       Changes in FVPL                                                 1,791                   983               1,632                    (112)      469      4,763
                                       Net investment income (loss)                                    6,927                 2,136               2,103                     127       899     12,192


                                       Investment income from bonds and mortgage and other loans includes interest income and premium and discount
                                       amortization. Income from shares includes dividends and distributions from equity investment funds and gains realized on
                                       deconsolidation of subsidiaries and investment funds. Investment properties income includes rental income earned on
                                       investment properties, ground rent income earned on leased and subleased land, fee recoveries, lease cancellation income,
                                       and interest and other investment income earned on investment properties. Other income includes foreign exchange gains
                                       and losses, income earned from derivative financial instruments and other miscellaneous income.




                                            A  92                                      P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
P O WER C O RP O RAT I O N O F C ANAD A




NOTE 5            INVESTMENTS IN JOINTLY CONTROLLED CORPORATIONS AND ASSOCIATES




                                                                                                                                                                                         PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
The carrying values of the investments in jointly controlled corporations and associates are as follows:
                                                                         Jointly controlled
                                                                              corporations                                                                  Associates
September 30, 2025                                                 Parjointco        Other ¹       ChinaAMC             Lion      Northleaf   Rockefeller   Other ¹ ²        Total

Carrying value, beginning of year                                      3,683            413             1,661               -         354           903        1,787        8,801
  Acquisition and investments                                               -            13                 -               -         102              -         185          300
  Disposal                                                                  -            (1)                -               -           -              -         (46)         (47)
  Share of earnings (losses)                                             (68)            22               106               -          19            (2)          40          117
  Changes in FVPL                                                           -              -                -               -           -              -         272          272
  Share of other comprehensive
    income (loss)                                                         77               9               (15)             -             -         (30)         (29)          12
  Dividends and distributions                                           (175)            (13)              (66)             -           (9)            -        (500)        (763)
  Effects of changes in ownership and other                                2             (53)                 -             -           (3)            -          (4)         (58)
Carrying value, end of period                                          3,519            390             1,686               -         463           871        1,705        8,634

1 Includes investments in jointly controlled corporations and associates held by entities that meet the definition of a venture capital organization, which have been elected
  to be measured at FVPL of $1,358 million at September 30, 2025 ($950 million at December 31, 2024).
2 Includes the investment in Desert Quartzite, LLC, a solar and storage project located in California. In 2025, the Corporation received distributions of $496 million primarily
  due to the closing of a financing transaction. The investment is classified as an associate with a carrying value of $91 million at September 30, 2025 ($594 million at
  December 31, 2024).



                                                                         Jointly controlled
                                                                              corporations                                                                  Associates
September 30, 2024                                                 Parjointco       Other ¹       ChinaAMC               Lion     Northleaf   Rockefeller     Other ¹            Total

Carrying value, beginning of year                                     3,717            564             1,535            181           302           845        1,008        8,152
  Acquisition and investments                                             -             34                 -               -            -              -         251          285
  Share of earnings (losses)                                             13             67                88            (35)           16           (11)           9          147
  Changes in FVPL                                                         -              -                 -               -            -              -          41           41
  Impairment                                                              -              -                 -            (73)            -              -           -          (73)
  Share of other comprehensive
    income (loss)                                                        164             16                45             (2)             -          18            5          246
  Dividends and distributions                                            (92)           (96)              (73)              -           (8)           -           (5)        (274)
  Effects of changes in ownership and other                               27            (10)                 -              -             -           -          (76)         (59)
Carrying value, end of period                                         3,829            575             1,595              71          310           852        1,233        8,465

1 Includes investments in jointly controlled corporations and associates held by entities that meet the definition of a venture capital organization, which have been elected
  to be measured at FVPL of $935 million at September 30, 2024 ($832 million at December 31, 2023).


NORTHLEAF CAPITAL GROUP LTD.
As at September 30, 2025, additional consideration payable in the fourth quarter of 2025 had an estimated fair value of
$142 million ($40 million at December 31, 2024). The change in fair value of $102 million in the nine months ended
September 30, 2025 was recorded as an adjustment to the cost of the investment in Northleaf.

LION ELECTRIC CO.
In May 2025, Lion completed a restructuring transaction under the Companies' Creditors Arrangement Act ("CCAA"). As a
result, all issued and outstanding common shares and warrants of Lion were cancelled without consideration. The Corporation
held a 34.1% equity interest in Lion at December 31, 2024.




                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                          A  93
                                       P O WER C O RP O RAT I O N O F C ANAD A




                                       NOTE 6           SEGREGATED FUNDS AND OTHER STRUCTURED ENTITIES




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       The following presents details of the investments, determined in accordance with the relevant statutory reporting
                                       requirements of each region of Lifeco’s operations, on account of segregated fund policyholders:

                                       INVESTMENTS ON ACCOUNT OF SEGREGATED FUND POLICYHOLDERS
                                                                                                                                                                               September 30 ,               December 31,
                                                                                                                                                                                      2025                        2024

                                       Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                                     21,799                     18,895
                                       Bonds                                                                                                                                         76,869                     74,444
                                       Mortgage loans                                                                                                                                 2,069                      2,083
                                       Shares and units in unit trusts                                                                                                              175,665                    154,439
                                       Mutual funds                                                                                                                                 257,459                    232,073
                                       Investment properties                                                                                                                         11,189                     11,317
                                                                                                                                                                                    545,050                    493,251
                                       Accrued income                                                                                                                                   955                        882
                                       Other liabilities                                                                                                                             (6,030)                    (3,829)
                                       Non-controlling mutual fund interest                                                                                                           7,004                      6,082
                                       Total 1 2                                                                                                                                    546,979                    496,386
                                       1 At September 30, 2025, $60,734 million of investments on account of segregated fund policyholders are reinsured by Lifeco on a modified co-insurance basis
                                         ($65,315 million at December 31, 2024). Included in this amount are $675 million of cash and cash equivalents, $10,170 million of bonds, $19 million of shares and units
                                         in unit trusts, $49,892 million of mutual funds, $76 million of accrued income and $98 million of other liabilities.
                                       2 At September 30, 2025, $2,832 million of investments on account of segregated fund policyholders on the balance sheets are expected to be transferred to Countrywide
                                         in 2026 ($2,750 million at December 31, 2024) (Note 3). Included in this amount are $97 million of cash and cash equivalents, $2,757 million of shares and units in unit
                                         trusts and $22 million of other liabilities.


                                       CHANGES IN INSURANCE AND INVESTMENT CONTRACTS ON ACCOUNT OF SEGREGATED FUND POLICYHOLDERS
                                                                                                                                                                                          Nine months ended September 30,
                                                                                                                                                                                           2025                     2024

                                       Balance, beginning of year                                                                                                                    496,386                   422,956
                                       Additions (deductions):
                                          Policyholder deposits                                                                                                                        47,415                    43,834
                                          Net investment income                                                                                                                         3,997                     3,730
                                          Net realized capital gains on investments                                                                                                    14,681                     8,336
                                          Net unrealized capital gains on investments                                                                                                  24,024                    36,240
                                          Unrealized gains due to changes in foreign exchange rates                                                                                     5,487                     9,318
                                          Policyholder withdrawals                                                                                                                    (45,956)                  (45,438)
                                          Change in segregated fund investment in general fund                                                                                             13                       (20)
                                          Change in general fund investment in segregated fund                                                                                             (1)                        1
                                          Net transfer from general fund                                                                                                                   11                        10
                                          Non-controlling mutual fund interest                                                                                                            922                     2,889
                                                                                                                                                                                       50,593                   58,900
                                       Balance, end of period                                                                                                                        546,979                   481,856




                                            A  94                                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
P O WER C O RP O RAT I O N O F C ANAD A




NOTE 6        SEGREGATED FUNDS AND OTHER STRUCTURED ENTITIES (continued)




                                                                                                                                                                                         PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
INVESTMENTS ON ACCOUNT OF SEGREGATED FUND POLICYHOLDERS
(by fair value hierarchy level)
                                                                                                                                                                    September 30, 2025
                                                                                                               Level 1               Level 2              Level 3                Total

Investments on account of segregated fund policyholders 1                                                  404,719                 133,195              14,141               552,055
1 Excludes other liabilities, net of other assets, of $5,076 million.


                                                                                                                                                                    December 31, 2024
                                                                                                                Level 1              Level 2              Level 3                Total

Investments on account of segregated fund policyholders 1                                                    348,889               136,947               13,354              499,190
1 Excludes other liabilities, net of other assets, of $2,804 million.


During the nine months ended September 30, 2025, certain foreign equity holdings valued at $2,003 million were transferred
from Level 2 to Level 1 ($1,624 million were transferred from Level 1 to Level 2 at December 31, 2024), primarily based on
Lifeco’s change in use of inputs in addition to quoted prices in active markets for certain foreign equity holdings. Level 2 assets
include the assets where fair value is not available from normal market pricing sources, where inputs are utilized in addition
to quoted prices in active markets and where Lifeco does not have access to the underlying asset details within an investment
fund.
The following presents additional information about Lifeco’s investments on account of segregated fund policyholders for
which Lifeco has utilized Level 3 inputs to determine fair value:
                                                                                                                                          September 30,                  December 31,
                                                                                                                                                 2025                          2024

Balance, beginning of year                                                                                                                     13,354                        13,792
   Total losses included in segregated fund investment income                                                                                    (161)                         (758)
   Purchases                                                                                                                                    1,400                         1,130
   Sales                                                                                                                                         (488)                         (872)
   Transfers into Level 3                                                                                                                          54                            97
   Transfers out of Level 3                                                                                                                       (18)                          (35)
Balance, end of period                                                                                                                         14,141                        13,354


Transfers into Level 3 are due primarily to decreased observability of inputs in valuation methodologies. Transfers out of
Level 3 are due primarily to increased observability of inputs in valuation methodologies as evidenced by corroboration of
market prices with multiple pricing vendors.




                                     P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                           A  95
                                       P O WER C O RP O RAT I O N O F C ANAD A




                                       NOTE 7         INSURANCE CONTRACTS AND REINSURANCE CONTRACTS HELD




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       INSURANCE CONTRACT (ASSETS) LIABILITIES
                                                                                                                                    Not measured under the PAA
                                                                                                         Estimates of                    Risk
                                                                                                        present value             adjustment
                                                                                                             of future       for non-financial
                                       September 30, 2025                                                  cash flows                     risk            CSM                           PAA        Total

                                       Assets                                                                (7,125)                    1,554                  4,264                   (198)    (1,505)
                                       Liabilities                                                          131,101                     5,103                 10,248                 14,006    160,458
                                       Liabilities on account of segregated fund policyholders               70,505                         -                      -                      -     70,505
                                                                                                            194,481                     6,657                 14,512                 13,808    229,458



                                                                                                                                    Not measured under the PAA
                                                                                                         Estimates of                    Risk
                                                                                                        present value             adjustment
                                                                                                             of future       for non-financial
                                       December 31, 2024                                                   cash flows                     risk            CSM                           PAA        Total

                                       Assets                                                                (4,397)                      584                  2,672                    (52)    (1,193)
                                       Liabilities                                                          124,143                     6,155                 11,768                 13,617    155,683
                                       Liabilities on account of segregated fund policyholders               66,343                         -                      -                      -     66,343
                                                                                                            186,089                     6,739                 14,440                 13,565    220,833


                                       REINSURANCE CONTRACT HELD ASSETS (LIABILITIES)
                                                                                                                                    Not measured under the PAA
                                                                                                         Estimates of                     Risk
                                                                                                        present value              adjustment
                                                                                                             of future        for non-financial
                                       September 30, 2025                                                  cash flows                      risk           CSM                           PAA        Total

                                       Assets                                                                 16,127                       722                     311                 151      17,311
                                       Liabilities                                                            (2,627)                    1,093                     590                 (21)       (965)
                                                                                                              13,500                     1,815                     901                 130      16,346



                                                                                                                                     Not measured under the PAA
                                                                                                         Estimates of                     Risk
                                                                                                        present value              adjustment
                                                                                                             of future        for non-financial
                                       December 31, 2024                                                   cash flows                      risk            CSM                          PAA        Total

                                       Assets                                                                 16,644                       731                     344                 123      17,842
                                       Liabilities                                                            (2,488)                    1,021                     728                 (56)       (795)
                                                                                                              14,156                     1,752                   1,072                   67     17,047




                                            A  96                                      P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
P O WER C O RP O RAT I O N O F C ANAD A




NOTE 7       INSURANCE CONTRACTS AND REINSURANCE CONTRACTS HELD (continued)




                                                                                                                                                                                  PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
DISCOUNT RATES
The following tables provide the lower and upper end of the range of the spot rates used by Lifeco to discount liability cash
flows by major currency:

September 30, 2025                                                              Year 1               Year 5              Year 10   Year 20        Year 30            Year 50
           Lower                                                                 3.0%                 3.4%                 3.9%     4.2%             4.3%              4.8%
CAD
           Upper                                                                 4.0%                 4.3%                 4.8%     5.2%             5.3%              5.2%
           Lower                                                                 4.2%                 4.4%                 4.8%     5.6%             5.5%              5.1%
USD
           Upper                                                                 4.8%                 4.9%                 5.4%     6.2%             6.0%              5.4%
           Lower                                                                 2.5%                 2.8%                 3.2%     3.8%             4.0%              4.5%
EUR
           Upper                                                                 3.2%                 3.5%                 4.0%     4.5%             4.7%              4.6%
           Lower                                                                 4.3%                 4.7%                 5.3%     6.2%             6.3%              4.5%
GBP
           Upper                                                                 5.1%                 5.4%                 6.1%     6.9%             7.0%              5.3%



December 31, 2024                                                               Year 1               Year 5              Year 10   Year 20        Year 30            Year 50
           Lower                                                                 4.2%                 4.2%                 4.5%     4.6%             4.6%              4.9%
CAD
           Upper                                                                 4.6%                 4.6%                 4.9%     5.0%             5.0%              5.0%
           Lower                                                                 4.9%                 5.2%                 5.4%     5.8%             5.6%              5.1%
USD
           Upper                                                                 5.4%                 5.7%                 5.8%     6.2%             5.9%              5.3%
           Lower                                                                 2.5%                 2.5%                 2.8%     3.0%             3.2%              4.3%
EUR
           Upper                                                                 3.6%                 3.6%                 3.8%     4.0%             4.1%              4.5%
           Lower                                                                 4.9%                 4.8%                 5.1%     5.7%             5.7%              4.3%
GBP
           Upper                                                                 5.7%                 5.5%                 5.9%     6.5%             6.5%              5.1%

The spot rates in the tables above are calculated based on prevailing interest rates observed in their respective markets.
When interest rates are not observable, the yield curve to discount cash flows transitions to an ultimate rate composed of a
risk-free rate and illiquidity premium. These amounts are set based on historical data.

IMPACT OF ASSUMPTION CHANGES AND MANAGEMENT ACTIONS
In the third quarter of 2025, Lifeco completed certain assumption reviews and model refinements related to insurance contract
liabilities. The following table shows the net earnings and CSM impacts of assumption changes and management actions for
the three months ended September 30, 2025 and 2024:
                                                                                                                                               CSM            Net earnings
Three months ended September 30, 2025                                                                                                        impacts 1      impact (pre-tax)

Assumptions
  Longevity 2                                                                                                                                    30                      18
  Mortality 3                                                                                                                                   (24)                    (27)
  Policyholder behaviour 4                                                                                                                     (184)                     50
  Other 5                                                                                                                                        17                     (66)
Total                                                                                                                                          (161)                    (25)

Three months ended September 30, 2024 6
Total                                                                                                                                           294                   (235)
1 Excludes participating and segregated fund policies.
2 Updates to reflect recent longevity experience, primarily on portfolios in the Capital and Risk Solutions business and in the European business.
3 Updates to reflect recent mortality on the United States life reinsurance portfolio in the Capital and Risk Solutions business, and recent mortality experience and trends in
  the Canadian business.
4 Updates to lapse assumptions on universal life insurance in the Canadian business.
5 Other updates, including financial and expense assumptions.
6 Comparative figures have been restated to remove the impact of assumption changes on segregated fund policies to conform to the current period’s presentation.




                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                   A  97
                                       P O WER C O RP O RAT I O N O F C ANAD A




                                       NOTE 7       INSURANCE CONTRACTS AND REINSURANCE CONTRACTS HELD (continued)




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       CSM
                                       The concentration of insurance risk of Lifeco by business is as follows:

                                                                                                                     Non-participating (excluding segregated funds)
                                                                                                                                                                                                  Participating
                                                                                                                                                                                                       account
                                                                                                                                                     Capital                                         surplus in
                                                                                                                      United                        and Risk                      Segregated           Lifeco's
                                       Nine months ended September 30, 2025                             Canada        States         Europe        Solutions           Total           funds       subsidiaries 1       Total 2

                                       CSM, beginning of year                                             690             55         3,664            2,436          6,845              3,268          3,255         13,368
                                         CSM recognized for services provided                             (51)            (6)         (242)            (199)          (498)              (303)          (115)          (916)
                                         Contracts initially recognized in the period                      33              -           146               78            257                 98             83            438
                                         Changes in estimates that adjust the CSM                        (162)            15             7               42            (98)                64            194            160
                                         Net finance (income) expenses from
                                          insurance contracts                                               14              2            68              49            133                (11)              -           122
                                         Effect of movement in exchange rates                                -             (3)          208             104            309                138               (8)         439
                                       CSM, end of period                                                 524             63         3,851            2,510          6,948              3,254          3,409         13,611
                                       1 Included in non-controlling interests on the balance sheets.
                                       2 The amounts in the table above are presented net of reinsurance.



                                                                                                                     Non-participating (excluding segregated funds)
                                                                                                                                                                                                  Participating
                                                                                                                                                                                                       account
                                                                                                                                                     Capital                                         surplus in
                                                                                                                      United                        and Risk                      Segregated           Lifeco's
                                       Year ended December 31, 2024                                     Canada        States         Europe        Solutions           Total           funds       subsidiaries 1       Total 2

                                       CSM, beginning of year                                           1,159             24         3,255            1,745          6,183              3,298          3,154         12,635
                                         CSM recognized for services provided                            (103)            (5)         (286)            (178)          (572)              (408)          (151)        (1,131)
                                         Contracts initially recognized in the year                        36              -           371              251            658                170            119            947
                                         Changes in estimates that adjust the CSM                        (431)            31            79              477            156                197            113            466
                                         Net finance (income) expenses from
                                          insurance contracts                                               29              1            79               47           156                 (17)             -           139
                                         Effect of movement in exchange rates                                -              4           166               94           264                  28             20           312
                                       CSM, end of year                                                   690             55         3,664            2,436          6,845              3,268          3,255         13,368

                                       1 Included in non-controlling interests on the balance sheets.
                                       2 The amounts in the table above are presented net of reinsurance.



                                       NOTE 8 POWER CORPORATION’S DEBENTURES AND OTHER DEBT INSTRUMENTS

                                                                                                                                                                                    September 30,               December 31,
                                                                                                                                                                                           2025                       2024

                                       POWER CORPORATION
                                       Debentures – unsecured
                                         8.57% debentures due April 22, 2039                                                                                                                    150                    150
                                         4.81% debentures due January 31, 2047                                                                                                                  249                    249
                                         4.455% debentures due July 27, 2048                                                                                                                    248                    248

                                       Total Power Corporation                                                                                                                                  647                    647


                                       The Corporation has a line of credit of $500 million bearing interest at Adjusted Term SOFR plus 0.70%. At September 30,
                                       2025 and December 31, 2024, the Corporation was not using its line of credit.




                                            A  98                                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
P O WER C O RP O RAT I O N O F C ANAD A




NOTE 9           NON-RECOURSE DEBENTURES AND OTHER DEBT INSTRUMENTS




                                                                                                                                                               PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
A) POWER FINANCIAL, LIFECO AND IGM
The following table presents the debentures and other debt instruments issued by Power Financial, Lifeco and IGM. The
debentures of Power Financial are direct obligations of Power Financial and are non-recourse to the Corporation. All
debentures and other debt instruments of Lifeco and its subsidiaries are direct obligations of Lifeco or its subsidiaries, as
applicable, and are non-recourse to the Corporation. All of the debentures of IGM are direct obligations of IGM and are non-
recourse to the Corporation.
                                                                                                                                September 30,   December 31,
                                                                                                                                       2025           2024

POWER FINANCIAL
Debentures – unsecured
  6.90% debentures due March 11, 2033                                                                                                   250            250

Total Power Financial                                                                                                                   250            250

LIFECO
Debentures and Senior Bonds – unsecured
   1.75% senior bonds due December 7, 2026 (€500 million) 1                                                                             814            743
   3.337% debentures due February 28, 2028                                                                                              499            499
   6.40% subordinated debentures due December 11, 2028                                                                                  100            100
   4.70% senior bonds due November 16, 2029 (€500 million) 1                                                                            812            742
   2.379% debentures due May 14, 2030                                                                                                   598            598
   6.74% debentures due November 24, 2031                                                                                               197            197
   6.67% debentures due March 21, 2033                                                                                                  397            396
   5.998% debentures due November 16, 2039                                                                                              343            343
   2.981% debentures due July 8, 2050                                                                                                   494            494
   7.529% capital trust debentures due June 30, 2052 (face value of $150 million)                                                       155            155
                                                                                                                                      4,409          4,267

Other Debt Instruments – unsecured
  Commercial paper and other short-term debt instruments with interest rates of
    5.383% and 5.604% (4.930% at December 31, 2024)                                                                                     139            144
  0.904% senior notes due August 12, 2025 (US$500 million)                                                                                -            719
  1.357% senior notes due September 17, 2027 (US$400 million)                                                                           555            575
  4.047% senior notes due May 17, 2028 (US$300 million)                                                                                 416            431
  4.51% mortgage on investment property due January 1, 2029 (US$39 million)                                                              52             54
  1.776% senior notes due March 17, 2031 (US$400 million)                                                                               554            574
  4.15% senior notes due June 3, 2047 (US$700 million)                                                                                  959            993
  4.581% senior notes due May 17, 2048 (US$500 million)                                                                                 689            714
  3.075% senior notes due September 17, 2051 (US$700 million)                                                                           964            998
                                                                                                                                      4,328          5,202

Total Lifeco                                                                                                                          8,737          9,469
1 Designated by Lifeco as hedges of the net investment in foreign operations.


LIFECO
On August 12, 2025, Great-West Lifeco U.S. Finance 2020, LP, a subsidiary of Lifeco, repaid the principal amount of its
maturing 0.904% US$500 million senior notes, together with accrued interest.




                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                     A  99
                                       P O WER C O RP O RAT I O N O F C ANAD A




                                       NOTE 9      NON-RECOURSE DEBENTURES AND OTHER DEBT INSTRUMENTS (continued)




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                                                                                          September 30,       December 31,
                                                                                                                                                                                 2025               2024

                                       IGM FINANCIAL
                                       Debentures – unsecured
                                         3.44% debentures due January 26, 2027                                                                                                         400            400
                                         6.65% debentures due December 13, 2027                                                                                                        125            125
                                         7.45% debentures due May 9, 2031                                                                                                              150            150
                                         7.00% debentures due December 31, 2032                                                                                                        175            175
                                         7.11% debentures due March 7, 2033                                                                                                            150            150
                                         6.00% debentures due December 10, 2040                                                                                                        200            200
                                         4.56% debentures due January 25, 2047                                                                                                         200            200
                                         4.115% debentures due December 9, 2047                                                                                                        250            250
                                         4.174% debentures due July 13, 2048                                                                                                           200            200
                                         4.206% debentures due March 21, 2050                                                                                                          250            250
                                         5.426% debentures due May 26, 2053                                                                                                            300            300
                                       Debentures of IGM held by Lifeco as investments                                                                                                 (88)           (88)

                                       Total IGM                                                                                                                                      2,312         2,312

                                       Total Power Financial, Lifeco and IGM                                                                                                     11,299            12,031


                                       CHANGES IN DEBENTURES AND OTHER DEBT INSTRUMENTS – POWER FINANCIAL, LIFECO AND IGM
                                       The table below details changes in the debentures and other debt instruments arising from financing activities, including both
                                       cash and non-cash changes.
                                                                                                                                                                          September 30,       September 30,
                                                                                                                                                                                 2025                2024

                                       Balance, beginning of year                                                                                                                12,031            11,608
                                          Repayment of senior notes                                                                                                                (689)                -
                                          Decrease in other debt instruments                                                                                                          -               (60)
                                          Changes in foreign exchange rates and other                                                                                               (43)              126
                                       Balance, end of period                                                                                                                    11,299            11,674




                                           A  100                                       P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
P O WER C O RP O RAT I O N O F C ANAD A




NOTE 9      NON-RECOURSE DEBENTURES AND OTHER DEBT INSTRUMENTS (continued)




                                                                                                                                                                   PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
B) CONSOLIDATED INVESTMENT FUNDS AND OTHER
The following table presents the other debt instruments held within alternative asset investment platforms and other. All other
debt instruments are credit or loan facilities that are direct obligations, and secured by the assets, of subsidiaries of the
Corporation and are non-recourse to the Corporation.
                                                                                                                              September 30,     December 31,
                                                                                                                                     2025             2024

OTHER DEBT INSTRUMENTS
Investment Funds and Other – secured
   Revolving credit facility up to $450 million, with interest equal to CORRA plus 2.75%,
    prime rate plus 1.75%, U.S. base rate plus 1.75% or SOFR plus 2.75%
    ($13 million and US$133 million) ($17 million and US$179 million at December 31, 2024)                                            198               274
   Revolving credit facility up to $300 million, with interest equal to CORRA plus 0.9%                                                30                 -
   Revolving credit facility up to US$90 million, with interest equal to SOFR plus 1.8%
    (US$6 million) (US$58 million at December 31, 2024)                                                                                 8                 83
   Revolving credit facility up to US$75 million, with interest equal to the U.S. base rate
    minus 0.35% (US$3 million) (US$11 million at December 31, 2024)                                                                     5                 16
   Revolving credit facility up to US$53 million, with interest equal to SOFR plus 2.0%
    (US$30 million) (US$5 million at December 31, 2024)                                                                                41                  7
   Revolving credit facility up to US$53 million, with interest equal to SOFR plus 1.0%
    (US$3 million)                                                                                                                      4                  -
   Revolving credit facility up to US$49 million, with interest equal to SOFR plus 2.0%
    (US$40 million) (US$49 million at December 31, 2024)                                                                               55                 71
   Revolving credit facility up to US$48 million, bearing interest at various rates
    equal from SOFR plus 1.75% to SOFR plus 2.65% (US$43 million)
    (US$26 million at December 31, 2024)                                                                                               60                 37
   Mortgage on investment properties, due in December 2029 and August 2030,
    bearing interest at various rates from 3.0% to 5.34% (US$61 million)
    (US$29 million at December 31, 2024)                                                                                               85                 43
   Senior loan facility due in May 2028, with interest equal to 8.97% (US$18 million)                                                  26                  -
   Mezzanine loan due in February 2029, with interest equal to 15.0% (€9 million)                                                      15                  -
                                                                                                                                      527               531

Renewable Energy – Project debt – secured
  Construction loan facilities due in May 2026 and June 2026, bearing interest at various rates
   equal to SOFR plus 2.25% to 3.38%, U.S. base rate plus 1.25% or CORRA plus 2.75%
   ($29 million and US$442 million) (US$420 million at December 31, 2024)                                                             645               604
  Loan facilities due from December 2030 to December 2037, bearing interest at
   various rates from 4.23% to 6.0% and CORRA plus 1.625%                                                                             464               496
  Loan facilities due from May 2027 to December 2059, bearing interest at
   various rates from 3.62% to 6.93% and prime rate plus 1.5% ($1,055 million and
   US$151 million) ($1,105 million and US$160 million at December 31, 2024)                                                         1,265              1,335
  Loan facilities due from June 2026 to March 2048, bearing interest at
   various rates from 2.73% to 6.89% and SOFR plus 2.0% (US$566 million)
   (US$395 million at December 31, 2024)                                                                                              788               568
  Mezzanine loans due from January 2035 to June 2035, bearing interest at
   various rates from 7.36% to 7.5%                                                                                                    83                 88
                                                                                                                                    3,245              3,091

Standalone Businesses – secured
   Revolving credit facility and term loan facilities due in April 2026 bearing interest at
    various rates equal to prime rate plus 4.0%, CORRA plus 5.0% or SOFR plus 5.0% 1                                                  177               186
   Subordinated term facility of $65 million, bearing interest at 13.5%, principal and accrued
    interest payable at maturity in March 2026 1                                                                                       75                 70
                                                                                                                                      252               256

Total Consolidated investment funds and Other                                                                                       4,024              3,878
1 The revolving credit, term loan and subordinated term facilities are subject to certain financial covenants including a minimum cumulative EBITDA covenant. At
  September 30, 2025, this covenant was not in compliance. The lenders have provided a tolerance letter valid until April 30, 2026.


In the second quarter of 2025, a wholly owned subsidiary of Power Sustainable Energy Infrastructure Partnership entered into
a loan facility for up to US$250 million, maturing in 2030 and bearing interest at SOFR plus 2.25%. The proceeds will be used
to refinance construction loan facilities and fund solar energy projects. No amounts were drawn on this facility at
September 30, 2025.




                                P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                       A  101
                                       P O WER C O RP O RAT I O N O F C ANAD A




                                       NOTE 9     NON-RECOURSE DEBENTURES AND OTHER DEBT INSTRUMENTS (continued)




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       CHANGES IN OTHER DEBT INSTRUMENTS – CONSOLIDATED INVESTMENT FUNDS AND OTHER
                                       The table below details changes in the other debt instruments arising from financing activities, including both cash and non-
                                       cash changes.
                                                                                                                                                                          September 30,                 September 30,
                                                                                                                                                                                 2025                          2024

                                       Balance, beginning of year                                                                                                                     3,878                    3,017
                                          Acquisitions                                                                                                                                  46                        26
                                          Increase in other debt instruments                                                                                                           881                       439
                                          Decrease in other debt instruments                                                                                                          (709)                     (308)
                                          Changes in foreign exchange rates and other                                                                                                   (72)                       6
                                       Balance, end of period                                                                                                                         4,024                    3,180



                                       NOTE 10         SHARE CAPITAL

                                       AUTHORIZED
                                       The authorized capital of Power Corporation consists of an unlimited number of First Preferred Shares, issuable in series; an
                                       unlimited number of Participating Preferred Shares; and an unlimited number of Subordinate Voting Shares.

                                       ISSUED AND OUTSTANDING
                                                                                                                                                  September 30, 2025                                 December 31, 2024
                                                                                                                                          Number               Share                           Number            Share
                                                                                                                                          of shares           capital                          of shares        capital
                                                                                                                                                                           $                                            $
                                       Non-Participating Shares
                                       First Preferred Shares
                                          Non-cumulative Redeemable, fixed rate
                                              Series A                                                                               6,000,000                        150               6,000,000                 150
                                              Series B                                                                               8,000,000                        200               8,000,000                 200
                                              Series C                                                                               6,000,000                        150               6,000,000                 150
                                              Series D                                                                              10,000,000                        250              10,000,000                 250
                                              Series G                                                                               8,000,000                        200               8,000,000                 200
                                              Series H                                                                               8,000,000                        200                       -                   -
                                       Total Non-Participating Shares                                                                                               1,150                                         950

                                       Participating Shares
                                       Participating Preferred Shares                                                               54,860,866                        233              54,860,866                 233
                                       Subordinate Voting Shares
                                         Balance, beginning of year                                                                589,948,328                      9,003             597,387,873               9,051
                                             Issued under Stock Option Plan                                                          2,252,570                         78               3,165,255                 113
                                             Purchased for cancellation under Normal Course Issuer Bid                              (7,435,200)                      (114)            (10,604,800)               (161)
                                         Balance, end of period                                                                    584,765,698                      8,967             589,948,328               9,003

                                       Total Participating Shares                                                                                                   9,200                                       9,236


                                       Non-Participating Shares
                                       On September 22, 2025, the Corporation issued 8,000,000 5.75% Non-Cumulative First Preferred Shares, Series H (Series H
                                       shares) at $25.00 per share, for gross proceeds of $200 million. The holders of the Series H shares are entitled to receive fixed
                                       non-cumulative preferential cash dividends at a rate equal to $1.4375 per share per annum. On and after October 15, 2030,
                                       the Corporation may redeem for cash the Series H shares in whole or in part, at the Corporation's option, at $26.00 per share
                                       if redeemed prior to October 15, 2031, $25.75 per share if redeemed thereafter and prior to October 15, 2032, $25.50 per
                                       share if redeemed thereafter and prior to October 15, 2033, $25.25 per share if redeemed thereafter and prior to October 15,
                                       2034 and $25.00 per share if redeemed thereafter, in each case together with all declared and unpaid dividends to, but
                                       excluding, the date of redemption. Share issue costs in connection with the Series H shares of $5 million were charged to
                                       retained earnings.




                                           A  102                                       P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
P O WER C O RP O RAT I O N O F C ANAD A




NOTE 10 SHARE CAPITAL (continued)




                                                                                                                                    PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
Participating Shares
During the nine months ended September 30, 2025, 2,252,570 Subordinate Voting Shares were issued under the
Corporation’s Executive Stock Option Plan for a consideration of $71 million (2,060,448 Subordinate Voting Shares issued for
the nine months ended September 30, 2024 for a consideration of $68 million).
During the nine months ended September 30, 2025, dividends declared on the Corporation’s participating shares amounted
to $1.8375 per share ($1.6875 per share in 2024).

Normal Course Issuer Bids
On March 1, 2024, the Corporation commenced a Normal Course Issuer Bid (NCIB) which was effective until February 28,
2025. On March 1, 2025, the Corporation commenced a new NCIB which is effective until the earlier of February 28, 2026
and the date on which the Corporation has purchased the maximum permitted number of Subordinate Voting Shares.
Pursuant to this NCIB, the Corporation may purchase up to 20 million of its Subordinate Voting Shares outstanding
(representing approximately 3.7% of the public float of Subordinate Voting Shares outstanding as at February 18, 2025) at
market prices.
In connection with its NCIB, the Corporation has entered into an automatic share purchase plan (ASPP) and may provide
parameters thereunder from time to time to allow a designated broker to purchase Subordinate Voting Shares under the
NCIB at times when the Corporation would ordinarily not be permitted to purchase shares due to regulatory restrictions or
self-imposed blackout periods. Outside of these predetermined trading blackout periods, purchases under the Corporation’s
NCIB will be completed at management’s discretion.
During the nine months ended September 30, 2025, the Corporation purchased for cancellation 7,435,200 Subordinate
Voting Shares pursuant to this NCIB for a total of $382 million (7,967,200 Subordinate Voting Shares for a total of $309 million
during the nine months ended September 30, 2024).
In the nine months ended September 30, 2025, the Corporation’s share capital was reduced by the average carrying value of
the shares repurchased for cancellation. The excess paid over the average carrying value of share capital was $268 million
and was recognized as a reduction to retained earnings ($188 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024).
Subsequent event
Subsequent to quarter-end, the Corporation purchased, as of November 12, 2025, an additional 2,626,300 Subordinate
Voting Shares pursuant to its current NCIB, for a total of $163 million.




                             P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5   A  103
                                       P O WER C O RP O RAT I O N O F C ANAD A




                                       NOTE 11         SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       STOCK OPTION PLAN
                                       On September 30, 2025, there were 19,355,612 Subordinate Voting Shares and 4,347,128 Subordinate Voting Shares
                                       reserved for issuance under Power Corporation’s Executive Stock Option Plan and under Power Financial’s Employee Stock
                                       Option Plan, assumed by Power Corporation (Stock Option Plans).
                                       A summary of the status of the Corporation’s Stock Option Plans, including tandem share appreciation rights (TSARs), as at
                                       September 30, 2025 and 2024, and changes during the respective periods then ended, is as follows:

                                                                                                                                          September 30, 2025                                 September 30, 2024
                                                                                                                                           Weighted-average                                   Weighted-average
                                                                                                                              Options          exercise price                        Options      exercise price
                                                                                                                                                                 $                                             $
                                       Outstanding, beginning of year                                                   18,804,983                        32.77                23,532,731                 32.41
                                         Granted                                                                         1,158,924                        50.37                 1,292,486                 38.09
                                         Exercised or surrendered for cash                                              (4,110,802)                       32.10                (3,791,386)                32.11
                                       Outstanding, end of period                                                       15,853,105                        34.23                21,033,831                 32.81

                                       Options exercisable, end of period                                               11,786,729                        32.08                16,440,601                 31.94


                                       The exercise price of the 15,853,105 outstanding options ranges from $28.51 to $50.37.

                                       TANDEM SHARE APPRECIATION RIGHTS
                                       A summary of the status of the Corporation’s options with TSARs attached, as at September 30, 2025 and 2024, and changes
                                       during the respective periods then ended, is as follows:

                                                                                                                September 30, 2025                                                          September 30, 2024
                                                                                               Weighted-average          Fair value                                        Weighted-average          Fair value
                                                                                         TSARs     exercise price        of liability                                TSARs     exercise price        of liability
                                                                                                                        $                     $                                               $                $
                                       Outstanding, beginning of year                7,751,627                   31.40                     84             10,606,606                    31.71                 67
                                         Surrendered for cash                       (1,858,232)                  33.00                    (29)            (1,730,938)                   31.10                (13)
                                         Change in fair value                                                                              86                                                                 27
                                       Outstanding, end of period                   5,893,395                    30.90                    141               8,875,668                   31.83                81

                                       TSARs exercisable, end of period             5,893,395                    30.90                                      8,875,668                   31.83


                                       The fair value of the outstanding cash-settled liability was $141 million at September 30, 2025 ($84 million at December 31,
                                       2024) and is recorded in other liabilities. The intrinsic value of this liability at September 30, 2025 was $173 million
                                       ($104 million at December 31, 2024).
                                       The fair value of the TSARs was estimated using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model with the following weighted-average
                                       assumptions:
                                                                                                                                                                      September 30,                September 30,
                                                                                                                                                                             2025                         2024

                                       Dividend yield                                                                                                                      5.6%                            5.4%
                                       Expected volatility                                                                                                        17.7% - 19.6%                   17.5% – 20.8%
                                       Risk-free interest rate                                                                                                      2.6% - 2.8%                     2.9% – 3.9%
                                       Expected remaining life (years)                                                                                                 0.5 - 3.5                       0.4 – 4.5
                                       Share price ($/share)                                                                                                              60.22                           42.66
                                       Weighted-average exercise price ($/option)                                                                                         30.90                           31.83
                                       Weighted-average fair value ($/option)                                                                                             24.00                            9.10


                                       The Corporation entered into total return swap agreements to manage exposure to the volatility of its cash-settled share-
                                       based payments and related liability. For the nine months ended September 30, 2025, a net gain of $8 million (a net gain of
                                       $4 million in 2024) arising from the change in fair value of the liability, net of the gain on the remeasurement to fair value of
                                       the derivative instruments, was included in operating and administrative expenses in the statements of earnings.




                                           A  104                                      P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
P O WER C O RP O RAT I O N O F C ANAD A




NOTE 11 SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION (continued)




                                                                                                                                                           PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
COMPENSATION EXPENSE
During the nine months ended September 30, 2025, Power Corporation granted 1,158,924 options (1,292,486 options for
the nine months ended September 30, 2024) under its Executive Stock Option Plan. Generally, the options vest on the basis
of [i] the first 50%, three years from the date of the grant and [ii] the remaining 50% four years from the date of the grant.
The fair value of the options granted was estimated using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model with the following weighted-
average assumptions:
                                                                                                                           September 30,   September 30,
                                                                                                                                  2025            2024

Dividend yield                                                                                                                    5.7%            5.5%
Expected volatility                                                                                                              18.3%           18.6%
Risk-free interest rate                                                                                                           3.1%            3.4%
Expected life (years)                                                                                                              9.1             9.2
Fair value ($/option)                                                                                                             4.00            3.53
Weighted-average exercise price ($/option)                                                                                       50.37           38.09


The expected volatility has been estimated based on the historical volatility of the Corporation’s share price using the
expected option life.
Lifeco, IGM and Wealthsimple have also established stock option plans pursuant to which options may be granted to certain
officers and employees. In addition, other subsidiaries of the Corporation have established share-based compensation plans.
Compensation expense related to equity-settled stock option plans is recorded based on the fair value of the options or the
fair value of the equity instruments at the grant date, amortized over the vesting period. For the three months ended
September 30, 2025, total compensation expense relating to the equity-settled stock options granted by the Corporation and
its subsidiaries amounted to $21 million ($11 million in 2024), and $57 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2025
($33 million in 2024), and was recorded in operating and administrative expenses in the statements of earnings.

RESTRICTED SHARE UNITS
The Corporation granted Restricted Share Units (RSUs) to an executive to assist in retention and further alignment of their
interests with those of the shareholders. The fair value of the RSUs granted was measured based on the market value of the
Corporation’s Subordinate Voting Shares at the grant date and vest on the basis of [i] 25% two years from the date of grant;
[ii] 50% three years from the date of grant; and [iii] 25% four years from the date of grant. Additional RSUs are issued in respect
to dividends declared on the Subordinate Voting Shares at the dividend payment date. At September 30, 2025, 317,697 RSUs
were outstanding and have not vested.

PERFORMANCE RESTRICTED SHARE UNITS
In 2025, the Corporation established a Performance Restricted Share Unit (PRSU) Plan for selected employees and officers
(participants) to promote long-term share ownership, align participants and shareholders’ interests and enhance the
Corporation’s ability to attract and retain key talent. A maximum of 8,000,000 aggregate Subordinate Voting Shares may be
issued pursuant to the grants made under the PRSU Plan. The value of each PRSU is based on the share price of the
Corporation’s Subordinate Voting Shares. Additional PRSUs are issued in respect to dividends payable on the Subordinate
Voting Shares based on the value of the PRSUs at the dividend payment date. Under the terms of the Plan, PRSUs are subject
to time and performance vesting conditions. Grants under the PRSU Plan will generally vest over three years from the grant
date and expire 10 years from the date of the grant. A vested PRSU may be settled, based on the election of the participant,
in (i) equity: the issuance of one Subordinate Voting Share for each PRSU then being settled, or (ii) cash: a cash payment equal
to the fair market value on the redemption date of the PRSU. It is anticipated that grants under the PRSU Plan would be made
in lieu of an equivalent grant-date fair value of Performance Share Units (PSUs) and/or Performance Deferred Share Units
(PDSUs) and, in most cases, entirely replace grants of PSUs and PDSUs. At September 30, 2025, no PRSUs were outstanding.




                             P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                    A  105
                                       P O WER C O RP O RAT I O N O F C ANAD A




                                       NOTE 12         CAPITAL MANAGEMENT




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       POWER CORPORATION
                                       As a holding company, Power Corporation’s objectives in managing its capital are to:
                                         provide attractive long-term returns to shareholders of the Corporation;
                                         provide sufficient financial flexibility to pursue its growth strategy to invest on a timely basis in its operating companies
                                            and other investments as opportunities arise;
                                         maintain a capital structure that matches the long-term nature of its investments by maximizing the use of permanent
                                            capital;
                                         maintain an appropriate credit rating to ensure stable access to the capital markets; and
                                         maintain a prudent amount of available cash and cash equivalents.
                                       The Corporation manages its capital taking into consideration the risk characteristics and liquidity of its holdings. In order to
                                       maintain or adjust its capital structure, the Corporation may adjust the amount of dividends paid to shareholders, return capital
                                       to shareholders or issue capital.
                                       The capital structure of the Corporation consists of debentures, non-participating shares, participating shareholders’ equity
                                       and non-controlling interests. The Corporation views non-participating shares as a cost-effective source of permanent capital.
                                       The Corporation is a long-term investor and as such holds positions in long-term investments as well as cash and fixed income
                                       securities for liquidity purposes.
                                       The Board of Directors of the Corporation is responsible for capital management. Management of the Corporation is
                                       responsible for establishing capital management procedures and for implementing and monitoring its capital plans. The
                                       Board of Directors of the Corporation reviews and approves capital transactions such as the issuance, redemption and
                                       repurchase of participating shares, non-participating shares and debentures. The boards of directors of the Corporation’s
                                       subsidiaries, as well as those of Parjointco and GBL, oversee and have the responsibility for their respective company’s capital
                                       management.
                                       The Corporation itself is not subject to externally imposed regulatory capital requirements. However, Lifeco and certain of its
                                       main subsidiaries, certain of IGM’s subsidiaries and certain of the Corporation’s other subsidiaries are subject to regulatory
                                       capital requirements and they manage their capital as described below.




                                           A  106                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
P O WER C O RP O RAT I O N O F C ANAD A




NOTE 12 CAPITAL MANAGEMENT (continued)




                                                                                                                                        PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
LIFECO
Lifeco manages its capital on a consolidated basis as well as at the individual operating subsidiary level. The primary objectives
of Lifeco’s capital management strategy are:
  to maintain the capitalization of its regulated operating subsidiaries at a level that will exceed the relevant minimum
     regulatory capital requirements in the jurisdictions in which they operate;
  to maintain strong credit and financial strength ratings of Lifeco ensuring stable access to capital markets; and
  to provide an efficient capital structure to maximize shareholder value in the context of Lifeco’s operational risks and
     strategic plans.
Management of Lifeco is responsible for establishing capital management procedures for implementing and monitoring the
capital plan.
On September 24, 2025, Lifeco issued 8,000,000 5.70% Non-Cumulative First Preferred Shares, Series Z at $25.00 per share
for gross proceeds of $200 million.
The target level of capitalization for Lifeco and its subsidiaries is assessed by considering various factors such as the probability
of falling below the minimum regulatory capital requirements in the relevant operating jurisdiction, the views expressed by
various credit rating agencies that provide financial strength and other ratings to Lifeco, and the desire to hold sufficient
capital to be able to honour all policyholder and other obligations of Lifeco with a high degree of confidence.
In Canada, OSFI has established a regulatory capital adequacy measurement for life insurance companies incorporated under
the Insurance Companies Act (Canada) and their subsidiaries known as the Life Insurance Capital Adequacy Test (LICAT). The
LICAT ratio compares the regulatory capital resources of a company to its required capital, defined by OSFI as the aggregate
of all defined capital requirements. The total capital resources are provided by the sum of available capital, surplus allowance
and eligible deposits. OSFI has established a supervisory target total ratio of 100%, and a supervisory minimum total ratio of
90%. Canada Life’s consolidated LICAT ratio at September 30, 2025 was 131% (130% at December 31, 2024).
Other foreign operations and foreign subsidiaries of Lifeco are required to comply with local capital or solvency requirements
in their respective jurisdictions.

IGM FINANCIAL
IGM’s capital management objective is to maximize shareholder returns while ensuring that IGM is capitalized in a manner
which appropriately supports regulatory capital requirements, working capital needs and business expansion. IGM’s capital
management practices are focused on preserving the quality of its financial position by maintaining a solid capital base and
a strong balance sheet. IGM regularly assesses its capital management practices in response to changing economic
conditions.
IGM’s capital is primarily used in its ongoing business operations to support working capital requirements, long-term
investments made by IGM, business expansion and other strategic objectives.
The IGM subsidiaries that are subject to regulatory capital requirements include investment dealers, mutual fund dealers,
exempt market dealers, portfolio managers, investment fund managers and a trust company. These IGM subsidiaries are
required to maintain minimum levels of capital based on either working capital, liquidity or shareholders’ equity. At
September 30, 2025, IGM subsidiaries have complied with all regulatory capital requirements.

ALTERNATIVE ASSET INVESTMENT PLATFORMS AND OTHER
Certain subsidiaries are subject to regulatory capital requirements, including portfolio managers, asset managers and an
order-execution-only broker. These subsidiaries are required to maintain levels of capital based on their working capital,
liquidity or shareholders’ equity. At September 30, 2025, these subsidiaries have complied with all regulatory capital
requirements.




                             P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5   A  107
                                       P O WER C O RP O RAT I O N O F C ANAD A




                                       NOTE 13         RISK MANAGEMENT




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       The Corporation and its subsidiaries have established policies, guidelines and procedures designed to identify, measure,
                                       monitor, report and mitigate material risks associated with financial instruments and insurance contracts. The key risks related
                                       to financial instruments are liquidity risk, credit risk and market risk.
                                         Liquidity risk is the risk that the Corporation and its subsidiaries would not be able to meet all cash outflow obligations as
                                            they come due or be able to, in a timely manner, raise capital or monetize assets at normal market conditions.
                                         Credit risk is the potential for financial loss to the Corporation and its subsidiaries if a counterparty in a transaction fails
                                            to meet its payment obligations. Credit risk can be related to the default of a single debt issuer, the variation of credit
                                            spreads on tradable fixed income securities and also to counterparty risk relating to derivative products.
                                         Market risk is the risk that the market value or future cash flows of a financial instrument and the value of insurance and
                                            investment contract liabilities will fluctuate as a result of changes in market factors. Market factors include three types of
                                            risks: foreign exchange risk, interest rate (including inflation) risk and equity risk.
                                             Foreign exchange risk relates to the Corporation, its subsidiaries and its jointly controlled corporations and associates
                                              operating in different currencies and converting non-Canadian investments and earnings at different points in time at
                                              different foreign exchange levels when adverse changes in foreign currency exchange rates occur.
                                             Interest rate risk is the risk that the fair value of a financial instrument will fluctuate following changes in the interest
                                              rates.
                                             Equity risk is the potential loss associated with the sensitivity of the market price of a financial instrument arising from
                                              volatility in equity markets.
                                       Estimates of sensitivities and risk exposure measures are included for certain risks, such as the sensitivity due to specific
                                       changes in interest rate levels projected and market prices as at the valuation date. Actual results can differ significantly from
                                       these estimates for a variety of reasons, including, but not limited to, changes in the Corporation and its subsidiaries’ asset or
                                       liability profile, changes in business mix, effective income tax rates, other market factors, differences in the actual exposure
                                       relative to broad market indices, variation in exposures by geography, and general limitations of the Corporation and its
                                       subsidiaries’ internal models.
                                       For these reasons, the sensitivities should only be viewed as directional estimates of the underlying sensitivities for the
                                       respective factors. Given the nature of these calculations, the Corporation cannot provide assurance that the actual impact on
                                       net earnings will be as indicated.
                                       The following is a summary of risks in respect to the Corporation and its subsidiaries’ financial instruments and insurance
                                       contracts. In the first section below, the risk management policies and procedures of Power Corporation, Power Financial and
                                       the Corporation’s alternative asset investment platforms and other (other subsidiaries) are discussed. Risks related to Lifeco
                                       and IGM are discussed in subsequent sections. For a more detailed discussion, refer to Note 23 to the Corporation’s
                                       Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended December 31, 2024.




                                           A  108                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
P O WER C O RP O RAT I O N O F C ANAD A




NOTE 13 RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)




                                                                                                                                    PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
P OWER CORP ORATI ON, P OWER FINANCIAL AND ALTERNATIVE ASSET INVESTMENT
P LATFORMS AND OTH ER

LIQUIDITY RISK
Power Corporation is a holding company. As such, the holding company’s cash flows are principally derived from dividends
received from its subsidiaries and income from investments, less operating expenses, financing charges, income taxes and
payment of dividends to its participating and non-participating shareholders. As a holding company, the Corporation’s ability
to pay dividends is dependent upon the Corporation receiving dividends from its principal operating subsidiaries and other
investments. Lifeco and its subsidiaries are subject to restrictions set out in relevant corporate and insurance laws and
regulations, which require that solvency and capital ratios be maintained. IGM’s subsidiaries are also subject to minimum
capital requirements. Regulatory requirements may change from time to time, and thereby impact the ability of the operating
subsidiaries to pay dividends. The declaration and payment of dividends by the Corporation in future periods remains at the
discretion of its Board of Directors and is dependent on the operating performance, profitability, financial position and
creditworthiness of its operating subsidiaries and other investments, as well as on their ability to pay dividends.

Power Corporation and Power Financial believe their ongoing cash flows from operations, available cash balances and
liquidity available through their lines of credit are sufficient to address their liquidity needs.

CREDIT RISK
Power Corporation, Power Financial and other subsidiaries’ cash and cash equivalents, including fixed income securities,
client funds on deposit, other loans and derivatives are subject to credit risk.
Power Corporation, Power Financial and other subsidiaries manage credit risk on their fixed income securities by adhering to
an investment policy that establishes guidelines which provide exposure limits by defining admissible securities, minimum
ratings and concentration limits.
The maximum exposure to credit risk on these financial instruments is limited to their carrying value.

MARKET RISK
Power Corporation and Power Financial and other subsidiaries’ financial instruments are comprised of cash and cash
equivalents, fixed income securities, other investments (consisting of equity securities, other loans and private investment
funds), derivatives and debentures and other debt instruments.

Equity Risk
Power Corporation, Power Financial and other subsidiaries held other investments either classified as FVOCI or FVPL.
Unrealized gains and losses on investments classified as FVOCI are recorded in other comprehensive income and transferred
directly to retained earnings on realization. Unrealized gains and losses on investments classified as FVPL are recorded directly
in net earnings. As at September 30, 2025, the Corporation’s investments classified as FVOCI are not significant. At
September 30, 2025, the impact of a 10% decrease in the value of other investments held by Power Corporation, Power
Financial and other subsidiaries would have resulted in an approximate $408 million loss recorded in net earnings related to
investments classified as FVPL, including investments in jointly controlled corporations and associates measured at FVPL
($342 million at December 31, 2024).
GBL holds a portfolio of investments which are classified as FVOCI or FVPL. Unrealized gains and losses on investments
classified as FVOCI are recorded in other comprehensive income and transferred directly to retained earnings on realization.
Unrealized gains and losses on investments classified as FVPL are recorded directly in net earnings. As at September 30, 2025,
the impact of a 10% decrease in equity markets would have resulted in an approximate $195 million unrealized loss
($220 million at December 31, 2024) to be recorded in other comprehensive income related to investments classified as
FVOCI and a $70 million loss ($75 million at December 31, 2024) recorded in net earnings related to investments classified
as FVPL, representing the Corporation’s share of Parjointco’s unrealized losses.
Power Corporation, Power Financial and other subsidiaries’ exposure and management of liquidity risk, credit risk and market
risk have not changed materially since December 31, 2024.




                             P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5   A  109
                                       P O WER C O RP O RAT I O N O F C ANAD A




                                       NOTE 13 RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       LIFECO
                                       The risk committee of the board of directors of Lifeco is responsible for the oversight of Lifeco’s key risks. Lifeco has
                                       established policies and procedures designed to identify, measure, manage, monitor and report material risks associated
                                       with financial instruments and insurance contracts. Lifeco’s approach to risk management has not changed significantly since
                                       December 31, 2024. Certain risks are presented below. For a more detailed discussion of Lifeco’s risk governance structure
                                       and risk management approach, refer to Note 23 to the Corporation’s Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended
                                       December 31, 2024.

                                       LIQUIDITY RISK
                                       Lifeco has the following policies and procedures in place to manage liquidity risk:
                                         Management of Lifeco closely manages operating liquidity through cash flow matching of assets and liabilities and
                                            forecasting earned and required yields, to ensure consistency between policyholder requirements and the yield of assets.
                                         Management of Lifeco closely monitors the solvency and capital positions of its principal subsidiaries opposite liquidity
                                            requirements at the holding company. Additional liquidity is available through established lines of credit or via capital
                                            market transactions. Lifeco maintains committed lines of credit with Canadian chartered banks.

                                       CREDIT RISK
                                       Concentrations of Credit Risk
                                       Concentrations of credit risk arise from exposures to a single debtor, a group of related debtors or groups of debtors that
                                       have similar credit risk characteristics in that they operate in the same geographic region or in similar industries. The
                                       characteristics of such debtors are similar in that changes in economic or political environments may impact their ability to
                                       meet obligations as they come due. No significant changes have occurred since the year ended December 31, 2024.
                                       Expected Credit Losses
                                       The majority of Lifeco’s financial assets are measured at FVPL and therefore are not subject to the ECL model. The ECL model
                                       only applies to FVOCI and amortized cost fixed income investments. The ECL allowance at Lifeco was $28 million at
                                       September 30, 2025, of which $4 million was Stage 1, $17 million was Stage 2 and $7 million was Stage 3 ($33 million at
                                       December 31, 2024, of which $5 million was Stage 1, $21 million was Stage 2 and $7 million was Stage 3).

                                       Credit Impact on Financial Assets and Liabilities Designated as FVPL
                                       The carrying value of Lifeco’s financial assets and liabilities designated as FVPL represents the maximum exposure to credit
                                       risk for those financial instruments. The change in fair value attributable to the change in credit risk of these financial
                                       instruments is generally insignificant in the absence of significant credit events occurring on specific financial instruments. Fair
                                       value losses of $7 million and $132 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2025, respectively ($22 million
                                       and $46 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively) are reflected in changes in FVPL in
                                       the statement of earnings related to significant credit events occurring on financial instruments designated as FVPL.

                                       MARKET RISK
                                       Foreign Exchange Risk
                                       If the assets backing insurance and investment contract liabilities are not matched by currency, changes in foreign exchange
                                       rates can expose Lifeco to the risk of foreign exchange losses not offset by liability decreases.
                                         A 10% weakening of the Canadian dollar against foreign currencies would be expected to increase non-participating
                                            insurance and investment contract liabilities and their supporting assets by approximately the same amount, resulting in
                                            an immaterial immediate change to net earnings. A 10% strengthening of the Canadian dollar against foreign currencies
                                            would be expected to decrease non-participating insurance and investment contract liabilities and their supporting
                                            assets by approximately the same amount, resulting in an immaterial immediate change to net earnings.
                                       Lifeco has net investments in foreign operations. Lifeco’s debt obligations are denominated in Canadian dollars, euros and
                                       U.S. dollars. In accordance with IFRS, foreign currency translation gains and losses from net investments in foreign operations,
                                       net of related hedging activities and tax effects, are recorded in other comprehensive income. Strengthening or weakening
                                       of the Canadian dollar spot rate compared to the U.S. dollar, British pound and euro spot rates impacts Lifeco’s total equity.
                                       Correspondingly, Lifeco’s book value per share and capital ratios monitored by rating agencies are also impacted.




                                           A  110                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
P O WER C O RP O RAT I O N O F C ANAD A




NOTE 13 RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)




                                                                                                                                                                               PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
Interest Rate Risk
The following policies and procedures are in place to mitigate Lifeco’s exposure to interest rate risk:
  Lifeco manages its interest rate risk by investing in assets that are suitable for the products sold.
  Lifeco uses a formal process for managing the matching of assets and liabilities. This involves grouping general fund
     assets and liabilities into each of its segments. Assets in each of its segment are generally managed in relation to the
     liabilities in the segment.
  For products with fixed and highly predictable benefit payments, investments are generally made in fixed income assets
     or investment properties whose cash flows closely match the liability product cash flows. Where assets are not available
     to match certain period cash flows, such as long-tail cash flows, a portion of these are invested in equities and other non-
     fixed income assets while the rest are duration matched.
  Hedging instruments are employed when there is a lack of suitable permanent investments or to manage the level of loss
     exposure to interest rate changes.
  To the extent asset and liability cash flows are matched, protection against interest rate change is achieved and any
     change in the fair value of the assets will be offset by a similar change in the fair value of the liabilities.
  For products with less predictable timing of benefit payments, investments are made in fixed income assets with cash
     flows of a shorter duration than the anticipated timing of benefit payments, or equities and non-fixed income assets.
  The risks associated with the mismatch in portfolio duration and cash flow, asset prepayment exposure and the pace of
     asset acquisition are quantified and reviewed regularly.
The impact to net earnings from changes in the interest rates would be largely offset by changes in the value of financial assets
supporting the liabilities. However, differences in the interest rate sensitivity in the value of assets and the value of insurance
and investment contract liabilities leads to a sensitivity to interest rate movements in net earnings.
Lifeco’s asset liability management strategy uses public equities and other non-fixed income assets as a component of general
fund assets supporting liabilities, which leads to interest rate exposure in net earnings. Further, the classification of financial
assets, such as mortgage assets in the United Kingdom which are valued at amortized cost and held in the general fund assets
supporting liabilities, also contributes to interest rate exposure in net earnings.
The impact to net earnings and equity from an immediate parallel 50 basis point increase or decrease in interest rates is
illustrated in the table below, rounded to the nearest $25 million:
Change in market yield curves
                                                                                                             September 30, 2025                         December 31, 2024
                                                                                                Increase                Decrease            Increase              Decrease
                                                                                         50 basis points          50 basis points    50 basis points        50 basis points
                                                                                           interest rates           interest rates     interest rates         interest rates

Net earnings                                                                                          75                   (100)               125                    (150)
Equity                                                                                                50                   (100)                75                    (125)

The sensitivities above reflect the immediate impacts on net earnings and equity from market movements.
Actual impacts of interest rate changes will vary depending upon the geography where the changes occur. Net earnings are
positively impacted by a parallel increase in interest rates in Canada, the United States and the United Kingdom and are
positively impacted by a parallel decrease in interest rates in the eurozone. Actual impacts of interest rate changes also vary
by the level of change in interest rates by term. Therefore, actual impacts from interest rate changes may differ from the
estimated impact of parallel movements in all geographies, which is presented above.
The potential impact on net earnings does not take into account any future potential changes to Lifeco’s ultimate investment
rate (UIR) assumptions. As at both September 30, 2025 and December 31, 2024, the sensitivity of net earnings to a 10 basis
point increase or decrease in the UIR in all geographies would be an increase of $10 million or a decrease of $10 million post-
tax, respectively, when rounded to the nearest $10 million.




                             P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                      A  111
                                       P O WER C O RP O RAT I O N O F C ANAD A




                                       NOTE 13 RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       The impact to net earnings and equity from an immediate parallel 50 basis point increase or decrease in credit spreads is
                                       illustrated in the table below, rounded to the nearest $25 million, with no change to the ultimate illiquidity premium.
                                       Change in credit spreads
                                                                                                                                           September 30, 2025                                  December 31, 2024
                                                                                                                            Increase                 Decrease                     Increase              Decrease
                                                                                                                      50 basis points           50 basis points             50 basis points        50 basis points
                                                                                                                      credit spreads            credit spreads              credit spreads         credit spreads

                                       Net earnings                                                                               175                       (225)                     250                   (300)
                                       Equity                                                                                     250                       (325)                     325                   (400)

                                       The sensitivities above reflect the immediate impacts on net earnings and equity from market movements.
                                       Actual impacts of credit spread changes will vary depending on the geographies where the changes occur, and the changes
                                       in credit spreads by term. A change in credit spreads may also lead to a change in the allowance for credit risk within the
                                       discount rate, depending on prevailing market and credit conditions at the time; any potential earnings impacts that may arise
                                       from such a change are not reflected in the sensitivities above.

                                       Equity Risk
                                       Lifeco has investment policy guidelines in place that provide for prudent investment in equity markets with clearly defined
                                       limits to mitigate this risk. The risks associated with segregated fund guarantees on lifetime Guaranteed Minimum Withdrawal
                                       Benefits have been mitigated through a hedging program using equity futures, currency forwards and interest rate
                                       derivatives.
                                       Some insurance and investment contract liabilities with long-tail cash flows are supported by publicly traded common shares
                                       and investments in other non-fixed income assets, primarily comprised of investment properties, real estate funds, private
                                       equities, and equity-release mortgages. Net earnings will reflect changes in the value of non-fixed income assets. However,
                                       in most cases the value of the liabilities will not fluctuate with changes in the value of the non-fixed income assets.
                                       The liabilities for segregated fund products with guarantees will fluctuate with changes in the value of the non-fixed income
                                       assets. Under current market conditions, there are no material earnings impacts to Lifeco on segregated fund business that it
                                       does not hedge, as changes in the cost of guarantees are fully offset within the CSM. For segregated fund business that Lifeco
                                       hedges, there is a limited earnings impact with respect to the change in liability versus the change in hedge assets.
                                       The following table provides information on the expected immediate impacts of an immediate 10% or 20% increase or
                                       decrease in the value of publicly traded common shares on net earnings and equity, rounded to the nearest $25 million:
                                       Change in publicly traded common share values
                                                                                                                         September 30, 2025                                                     December 31, 2024
                                                                                                  Increase                            Decrease                             Increase                      Decrease
                                                                                  20%                 10%               10%                 20%             20%                 10%            10%            20%

                                       Net earnings                               75                   50              (50)                (75)             100                 50             (50)          (100)
                                       Equity                                    525                  275             (275)               (525)             525                250            (250)          (525)

                                       The sensitivities above reflect the immediate impacts on the net earnings and equity from market movements.
                                       The following table provides information on the expected impacts of an immediate 5% or 10% increase or decrease in the
                                       value of other non-fixed income assets on net earnings and equity, rounded to the nearest $25 million:
                                       Change in other non-fixed income asset values
                                                                                                                         September 30, 2025                                                     December 31, 2024
                                                                                                  Increase                            Decrease                             Increase                      Decrease
                                                                                  10%                   5%               5%                 10%             10%                  5%             5%            10%

                                       Net earnings                              425                  225             (225)               (450)             425                225            (225)          (450)
                                       Equity                                    475                  225             (250)               (500)             475                250            (250)          (500)

                                       The sensitivities above reflect the immediate impacts on net earnings and equity from market movements.




                                           A  112                                      P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
P O WER C O RP O RAT I O N O F C ANAD A




NOTE 13 RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)




                                                                                                                                           PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
IGM FINANCIAL
The risk committee of the board of IGM is responsible for assisting the board of directors of IGM in reviewing and overseeing
the risk governance structure and risk management program of IGM.
The risk management policies and procedures of IGM have not changed materially since December 31, 2024. Certain risks
are presented below. For a more detailed discussion of IGM’s risk governance structure and risk management approach, refer
to Note 23 to the Corporation’s Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended December 31, 2024.

LIQUIDITY RISK
IGM’s liquidity profile is structured to ensure it has sufficient liquidity to satisfy current and prospective requirements in both
normal and stressed conditions. IGM’s liquidity management practices include:
  Maintaining liquid assets and lines of credit to satisfy near-term liquidity needs.
  Ensuring effective controls over liquidity management processes.
  Performing regular cash forecasts and stress testing.
  Regular assessment of capital market conditions and IGM’s ability to access bank and capital market funding.
  Ongoing efforts to diversify and expand long-term mortgage funding sources.
  Oversight of liquidity risks by its internal financial risk management committee.
A key liquidity requirement for IGM is the funding of advisor network compensation paid for the distribution of financial
products and services. This compensation continues to be paid from operating cash flows.
IGM believes its cash flows from operations, available cash balances and other sources of liquidity are sufficient to meet its
liquidity needs. IGM’s liquidity position and its management of liquidity and funding risk have not changed materially since
December 31, 2024.

CREDIT RISK
IGM’s cash and cash equivalents, client funds on deposit, mortgage portfolios and derivatives are subject to credit risk. IGM
monitors its credit risk management practices on an ongoing basis to evaluate their effectiveness.
IGM’s allowance for expected credit losses was $1 million at September 30, 2025 ($1 million at December 31, 2024), and is
considered adequate by IGM’s management to absorb all credit-related losses in the mortgage portfolios based on:
i) historical credit performance experience; ii) recent trends in interest rates; iii) current portfolio credit metrics and other
relevant characteristics; iv) its strong financial planning relationship with its clients; and v) stress testing of losses under adverse
real estate market conditions.
IGM’s exposure to and management of credit risk related to cash and cash equivalents, fixed income securities, mortgage
portfolios and derivatives have not changed materially since December 31, 2024.

MARKET RISK
Foreign Exchange Risk
IGM is exposed to foreign exchange risk on its investment in ChinaAMC and Rockefeller. Changes to the carrying value due
to changes in foreign exchange rates are recognized in other comprehensive income. As of September 30, 2025, a 5%
appreciation in Canadian currency relative to foreign currencies would decrease the aggregate carrying value of foreign
investments by approximately $137 million ($138 million at December 31, 2024).




                             P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5    A  113
                                       P O WER C O RP O RAT I O N O F C ANAD A




                                       NOTE 14         INSURANCE REVENUE




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                                           Three months ended September 30,                      Nine months ended September 30,
                                                                                                                                      2025                     2024                     2025               2024

                                       Contracts not measured under the PAA
                                       Amounts relating to changes in liabilities for remaining coverage
                                         Experience adjustments                                                                       (32)                     (17)                      (77)              (48)
                                         CSM recognized for services provided                                                         341                      321                     1,012               943
                                         Change in risk adjustment for non-financial risk for risk expired                            168                      168                       470               474
                                         Expected incurred claims and other insurance service expenses                              2,497                    2,396                     7,418             7,095
                                         Recovery of insurance acquisition cash flows                                                 163                      148                       491               436
                                                                                                                                    3,137                    3,016                     9,314             8,900
                                       Contracts measured under the PAA                                                             2,457                    2,276                     7,317             6,915
                                       Total insurance revenue                                                                      5,594                    5,292                    16,631           15,815



                                       NOTE 15         RESTRUCTURING EXPENSES

                                       LIFECO
                                       Lifeco undertakes a variety of initiatives related to operational restructuring, acquisition-related integration and technology
                                       and process modernization. Only the initiatives that qualify as formal restructuring programs in accordance with IAS 37,
                                       Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets, result in a provision. These provisions are described further below.
                                       Other restructuring and business transformation costs that do not qualify are expensed as incurred and are not included in
                                       the amounts described below.
                                       Lifeco recorded restructuring provisions of $6 million and $282 million for the three and nine months ended September 30,
                                       2025, respectively. The provisions recorded in the nine months ended September 30, 2025, are related to planned
                                       technology and efficiency initiatives intended to position Lifeco for future growth and expense savings, primarily driven by
                                       initiatives in Canada of $226 million and Europe of $38 million. Lifeco expects to complete these restructuring initiatives within
                                       three years. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, Lifeco recorded restructuring provisions of
                                       $23 million and $75 million, respectively.
                                       As at September 30, 2025, Lifeco has restructuring provisions of $311 million remaining in other liabilities ($121 million at
                                       December 31, 2024).
                                       Restructuring expenses are recorded in operating and administrative expenses on the statements of earnings.




                                           A  114                                       P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
P O WER C O RP O RAT I O N O F C ANAD A




NOTE 16          INCOME TAXES




                                                                                                                                                                    PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
INCOME TAXES
The components of income tax expense (recovery) recognized in net earnings are:

                                                                                              Three months ended September 30,    Nine months ended September 30,
                                                                                                          2025             2024          2025               2024

Current taxes
  Current income tax                                                                                      324              171           677                669
  Global Minimum Tax (GMT)                                                                                 38               23           106                 89
                                                                                                          362              194           783                758
Deferred taxes                                                                                            (57)              (1)         (169)               (26)
                                                                                                          305              193           614                732


EFFECTIVE INCOME TAX RATE
The effective income tax rate for the Corporation for the nine months ended September 30, 2025, was 14.9%, compared with
18.8% for the nine months ended September 30, 2024.
The effective income tax rate for the nine months ended September 30, 2025, is lower than the effective income tax rate for
the same period last year primarily due to changes in certain tax estimates relating to prior-year tax matters as well as the
jurisdictional mix of earnings at Lifeco and the remeasurement of certain deferred tax liabilities of subsidiaries.
The effective income tax rates are generally lower than the Corporation’s statutory income tax rate of 26.5% due to non-
taxable investment income, lower tax in certain foreign jurisdictions and results from jointly controlled corporations and
associates that are not taxable.




                             P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                             A  115
                                       P O WER C O RP O RAT I O N O F C ANAD A




                                       NOTE 17          OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                               Items that may be reclassified                          Items that will not be reclassified
                                                                                                                subsequently to net earnings                                              to net earnings
                                                                                                                                                                        Actuarial
                                                                                                                                                                    gains (losses)
                                                                                                                              Share of jointly                        on defined            Share of jointly
                                                                                                                     Foreign      controlled                               benefit              controlled
                                       Nine months ended                         Investment     Cash flow           currency    corporations            Investment pension plans              corporations
                                       September 30, 2025                        revaluation      hedges          translation and associates            revaluation    and other            and associates      Total

                                       Balance, beginning of year                     (174)            32             1,778                   18              (285)                     8             626      2,003
                                          Other comprehensive
                                           income (loss)                                59             19              (150)                288                  90                68                (263)      111
                                          Realized gains on
                                           FVOCI equity instruments
                                           transferred to
                                           retained earnings                               -              -                -                    -                  -                    -              (47)      (47)
                                          Other                                          (1)              -               16                 (38)                (3)                    -               14       (12)
                                       Balance, end of period                         (116)            51             1,644                 268               (198)                76                 330      2,055



                                                                                                               Items that may be reclassified                          Items that will not be reclassified
                                                                                                                subsequently to net earnings                                              to net earnings
                                                                                                                                                                        Actuarial
                                                                                                                                                                    gains (losses)
                                                                                                                              Share of jointly                        on defined Share of jointly
                                                                                                                     Foreign      controlled                               benefit   controlled
                                       Nine months ended                         Investment     Cash flow           currency    corporations            Investment pension plans   corporations
                                       September 30, 2024                        revaluation      hedges          translation and associates            revaluation    and other and associates                 Total

                                       Balance, beginning of year                     (206)             25            1,115                 (276)               (36)             (150)              1,024      1,496
                                          Other comprehensive
                                           income (loss)                                83              (6)              184                 178               (294)              144                  46       335
                                          Realized (gains) losses on
                                           FVOCI equity instruments
                                           transferred to
                                           retained earnings                              -               -                  -                  -                29                     -            (164)     (135)
                                          Other                                           -               -                  -               (12)                 -                     -              19         7
                                       Balance, end of period                         (123)             19            1,299                 (110)              (301)                (6)               925      1,703




                                            A  116                                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
P O WER C O RP O RAT I O N O F C ANAD A




NOTE 18            EARNINGS PER SHARE




                                                                                                                                                                               PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
The following is a reconciliation of the numerators and the denominators used in the computations of earnings per share:

                                                                                                         Three months ended September 30 ,   Nine months ended September 30,
                                                                                                                       2025         2024              2025             2024

Earnings
Net earnings attributable to shareholders                                                                              716          384             2,203            1,849
Dividends on non-participating shares                                                                                  (13)         (13)              (39)             (39)
Net earnings attributable to participating shareholders                                                                703          371             2,164            1,810
Net loss attributable to participating shareholders from
 discontinued operations                                                                                                  -           -                 -                79
Net gain attributable to participating shareholders from
 disposal of discontinued operations                                                                                      -           -                 -              (30)
Net earnings attributable to participating shareholders from
 continuing operations                                                                                                 703          371             2,164            1,859
Dilutive effect of subsidiaries’ outstanding stock options                                                              (4)          (2)              (10)              (6)
Effect of equity-settled method for TSARs 1                                                                             (5)          (4)               (8)              (4)
Net earnings adjusted for dilutive effect from continuing operations                                                   694          365             2,146            1,849

Number of participating shares [millions]
Weighted average number of participating shares outstanding – Basic                                                  641.1        647.1             642.1            649.0
  Effect of potential exercise of outstanding stock options and RSUs                                                   6.5          3.7               5.6              3.3
Weighted average number of participating shares outstanding – Diluted                                                647.6        650.8             647.7            652.3


Net earnings per participating share from continuing operations
Basic                                                                                                                  1.10         0.58              3.37            2.87
Diluted                                                                                                                1.07         0.56              3.31            2.84

Net earnings per participating share
Basic                                                                                                                  1.10         0.58              3.37            2.79
Diluted                                                                                                                1.07         0.56              3.31            2.76
1 Options with TSARs are accounted for as cash-settled share-based payments. As these options can be exercised in exchange for subordinate voting shares or for cash,
  they are considered potentially dilutive and are included in the calculation of the diluted net earnings per share if they have a dilutive impact in the year, and the net
  earnings used in the diluted calculation is adjusted to reflect the expense had these options been classified as equity-settled.


For the nine months ended September 30, 2025, 1.1 million stock options (1.3 million in 2024) were excluded from the
computation of diluted earnings per share as they were anti-dilutive.




                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                  A  117
                                       P O WER C O RP O RAT I O N O F C ANAD A




                                       NOTE 19           FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       The Corporation’s assets and liabilities recorded at fair value have been categorized based upon the following fair value
                                       hierarchy:
                                       Level            Definition                                                                          Financial assets and liabilities
                                       Level 1          Utilize observable, unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for                      actively exchange-traded equity securities;
                                                        identical assets or liabilities that the Corporation has the ability to                 exchange-traded futures;
                                                        access.                                                                                 mutual and segregated funds which have available
                                                                                                                                                 prices in an active market with no redemption
                                                                                                                                                 restrictions;
                                                                                                                                                open-end investment fund units and other liabilities in
                                                                                                                                                 instances where there are quoted prices available
                                                                                                                                                 from active markets.
                                       Level 2          Utilize other-than-quoted prices included in Level 1 that are                           assets and liabilities priced using a matrix which is
                                                        observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly.                    based on credit quality and average life;
                                                        Level 2 inputs include quoted prices for similar assets and                             government and agency securities;
                                                        liabilities in active markets, and inputs other-than-quoted prices                      restricted shares;
                                                        that are observable for the asset or liability, such as interest rates                  certain private bonds and investment funds;
                                                        and yield curves that are observable at commonly quoted                                 most investment-grade and high-yield corporate
                                                        intervals.                                                                               bonds;
                                                                                                                                                most asset-backed securities;
                                                                                                                                                most over-the-counter derivatives;
                                                                                                                                                most mortgage and other loans;
                                                                                                                                                certain other debt instruments;
                                                                                                                                                most of the investment contracts that are measured at
                                                                                                                                                 FVPL;
                                                                                                                                                notes issued by consolidated collateralized loan
                                                                                                                                                 obligations (CLOs);
                                                                                                                                                certain limited-life and redeemable fund units.
                                       Level 3          Utilize one or more significant inputs that are not based on                            certain bonds;
                                                        observable market inputs and include situations where there is                          certain asset-backed securities;
                                                        little, if any, market activity for the asset or liability.                             certain private equities;
                                                        The values of the majority of Level 3 securities were obtained                          certain investments in jointly controlled corporations
                                                        from single-broker quotes, internal pricing models, external                             and associates;
                                                        appraisers or by discounting projected cash flows.                                      certain mortgage and other loans, including
                                                                                                                                                 equity-release mortgages;
                                                                                                                                                investments in mutual and segregated funds where
                                                                                                                                                 there are redemption restrictions;
                                                                                                                                                certain over-the-counter derivatives;
                                                                                                                                                investment properties;
                                                                                                                                                most of the limited-life and redeemable fund units.




                                               A  118                                       P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
P O WER C O RP O RAT I O N O F C ANAD A




NOTE 19 FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT (continued)




                                                                                                                                                                                  PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
The Corporation’s assets and liabilities recorded at fair value, including their levels in the fair value hierarchy using the
valuation methods and assumptions described in the summary of material accounting policies of the Corporation’s
December 31, 2024 Consolidated Financial Statements and above, are presented below. Fair values represent management’s
estimates and are generally calculated using market information at a specific point in time and may not reflect future fair
values. The calculations are subjective in nature, and involve uncertainties and matters of significant judgment.
                                                                                                                                                                         Total
September 30, 2025                                                                                       Level 1                   Level 2    Level 3               fair value

Assets
Bonds
   FVPL                                                                                                         -                157,447        276                157,723
   FVOCI                                                                                                        -                 13,669          -                 13,669
Mortgage and other loans
   FVPL                                                                                                         -                 27,170      5,974                 33,144
   FVOCI                                                                                                        -                    318          -                    318
Shares
   FVPL                                                                                                12,406                        220      8,017                 20,643
   FVOCI                                                                                                1,015                          -         10                  1,025
Investment in jointly controlled corporations and associates ¹                                              -                          -      1,358                  1,358
Investment properties                                                                                       -                          -      8,332                  8,332
Derivative instruments                                                                                      -                      2,262          4                  2,266
Trading account assets                                                                                    253                      3,820          -                  4,073
Other assets                                                                                                -                        141        290                    431
                                                                                                       13,674                    205,047     24,261                242,982

Liabilities
Investment contract liabilities                                                                                -                  90,191          -                 90,191
Derivative instruments                                                                                         5                   2,399         10                  2,414
Collateralized loan obligation liabilities                                                                     -                   4,028          -                  4,028
Limited-life and redeemable fund units                                                                         -                       8      3,967                  3,975
Other debt instruments                                                                                         -                     137          -                    137
Other liabilities                                                                                              -                     141         21                    162
                                                                                                               5                  96,904      3,998                100,907

1 Represents investments in jointly controlled corporations and associates held by entities that meet the definition of a venture capital organization, which have been elected
  to be measured at FVPL.




                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                  A  119
                                       P O WER C O RP O RAT I O N O F C ANAD A




                                       NOTE 19 FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT (continued)




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Total
                                       December 31, 2024                                                                                     Level 1                     Level 2                   Level 3   fair value

                                       Assets
                                       Bonds
                                          FVPL                                                                                                      -                153,088                         178     153,266
                                          FVOCI                                                                                                     -                 13,758                           -      13,758
                                       Mortgage and other loans
                                          FVPL                                                                                                      -                  28,790                      5,142      33,932
                                          FVOCI                                                                                                     -                     461                          -         461
                                       Shares
                                          FVPL                                                                                             11,174                         260                      7,215      18,649
                                          FVOCI                                                                                               923                           -                          -         923
                                       Investment in jointly controlled corporations and associates ¹                                           -                           -                        950         950
                                       Investment properties                                                                                    -                           -                      8,350       8,350
                                       Derivative instruments                                                                                   1                       2,630                          6       2,637
                                       Trading account assets                                                                                 252                       3,449                          -       3,701
                                       Other assets                                                                                             -                         219                        176         395
                                                                                                                                           12,350                    202,655                      22,017     237,022

                                       Liabilities
                                       Investment contract liabilities                                                                              -                  90,157                          -      90,157
                                       Derivative instruments                                                                                       -                   2,171                          9       2,180
                                       Collateralized loan obligation liabilities                                                                   -                   3,791                          -       3,791
                                       Limited-life and redeemable fund units                                                                       -                      22                      2,906       2,928
                                       Other debt instruments                                                                                       -                      54                          -          54
                                       Other liabilities                                                                                            -                     219                         21         240
                                                                                                                                                    -                  96,414                      2,936      99,350
                                       1 Represents investments in jointly controlled corporations and associates held by entities that meet the definition of a venture capital organization, which have been elected
                                         to be measured at FVPL.


                                       There were no significant transfers between Level 1 and Level 2 in these periods.




                                             A  120                                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
P O WER C O RP O RAT I O N O F C ANAD A




NOTE 19 FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT (continued)




                                                                                                                                                                                                 PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
Additional information about assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis for which the Corporation and
its subsidiaries have utilized Level 3 inputs to determine fair value is presented below.

                                                                                 Shares and
                                                                                investments
                                                                                    in jointly
                                                       Mortgage                   controlled
                                                       and other               corporations                                            Limited-life
                                           Bonds           loans             and associates                                                   and      Assets         Other
Nine months ended                                                                                  Investment       Derivatives,      redeemable      held for        assets
September 30, 2025                          FVPL             FVPL        FVPL ²        FVOCI        properties               net        fund units        sale   (liabilities)           Total

Balance, beginning of year                  178           5,142          8,165               -         8,350                    (3)       (2,906)           -          155         19,081
   Total gains (losses)
      Net earnings                             (5)           147           786               -            (74)                  (1)         (384)           -             (7)            462
      Other comprehensive
        income ¹                               4             117          (121)             7               4                     -           54            -           (6)             59
   Business acquisition                         -               -             -             -                -                    -         (123)           -          123                -
   Purchases                                  25             256         1,288              1             442                   (2)             -           -           10           2,020
   Issues                                       -            608              -             -                -                    -         (720)           -             -           (112)
   Sales                                      (4)               -         (749)             -            (390)                    -             -           -             -         (1,143)
   Settlements                                  -           (296)             -             -                -                    -          112            -           (6)           (190)
   Transfers into Level 3                     78                -            6              -                -                    -             -           -             -             84
   Other                                        -               -             -             2                -                    -             -           -             -              2
Balance, end of period                      276           5,974          9,375             10          8,332                    (6)       (3,967)           -          269         20,263

1 Amount of other comprehensive income for FVPL investments, investment properties, limited-life and redeemable fund units and other assets and liabilities represents
  the unrealized gains (losses) on foreign exchange.
2 Includes investments in mutual and segregated funds where there are redemption restrictions. The fair value is based on observable, quoted prices.



                                                                                 Shares and
                                                                                investments
                                                                                    in jointly
                                                       Mortgage                   controlled
                                                       and other               corporations                                            Limited-life
                                           Bonds           loans             and associates                                                   and      Assets         Other
Year ended                                                                                         Investment       Derivatives,      redeemable      held for        assets
December 31, 2024                           FVPL             FVPL        FVPL ²        FVOCI        properties               net        fund units       sale    (liabilities)           Total

Balance, beginning of year                  252           4,248          5,797               -         7,870                    8         (1,815)       907             (64)       17,203
   Total gains (losses)
      Net earnings                              7            196           799               -           (154)              (12)            (143)           -            86              779
      Other comprehensive
        income ¹                               -             169           218               -            270                     -         (119)           -            9            547
   Business acquisition                        -               -             -               -              -                     -         (177)           -            -           (177)
   Purchases                                  29             327         1,969               -            707                   (2)             -           -          130          3,160
   Sale of discontinued
     operations                                 -              -              -              -               -                  -               -      (907)                -        (907)
   Issues                                       -           481               -              -               -                  -           (771)          -                -        (290)
   Sales                                     (27)           (41)          (563)              -           (334)                  -               -          -                -        (965)
   Settlements                                  -          (227)              -              -               -                  3            118           -                -        (106)
   Transferred to owner-
     occupied properties                        -               -              -             -              (9)                  -              -           -               -             (9)
   Transfers into Level 3                       -               -             1              -                -                  -              -           -               -              1
   Transfers out of Level 3                  (83)               -              -             -                -                  -              -           -               -            (83)
   Other                                        -            (11)           (56)             -                -                  -              1           -             (6)            (72)
Balance, end of year                        178           5,142          8,165               -         8,350                    (3)       (2,906)           -          155         19,081

1 Amount of other comprehensive income for FVPL investments, investment properties, limited-life and redeemable fund units and other assets and liabilities represents
  the unrealized gains (losses) on foreign exchange.
2 Includes investments in mutual and segregated funds where there are redemption restrictions. The fair value is based on observable, quoted prices.


Transfers into Level 3 are due primarily to decreased observability of inputs in valuation methodologies or the placement of
redemption restrictions on investments in mutual and segregated funds. Transfers out of Level 3 are due primarily to
increased observability of inputs in valuation methodologies as evidenced by corroboration of market prices with multiple
pricing vendors or the lifting of redemption restrictions on investments in mutual and segregated funds.




                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                                   A  121
                                       P O WER C O RP O RAT I O N O F C ANAD A




                                       NOTE 19 FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT (continued)




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       Significant unobservable inputs used at period-end in measuring assets categorized as Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy are
                                       presented below.
                                                                                                                                                                                  Interrelationship between key
                                                                                                       Significant                                                                unobservable inputs and fair value
                                       Type of asset             Valuation approach                    unobservable input                 Input value                             measurement

                                       Investment properties     Investment property valuations Discount rate                             Range of 4.5% – 14.4%                   A decrease in the discount
                                                                 are generally determined using                                                                                   rate would result in an
                                                                 property valuation models                                                                                        increase in fair value.
                                                                 based on expected
                                                                 capitalization rates and models                                                                                  An increase in the discount
                                                                 that discount expected future                                                                                    rate would result in a
                                                                 net cash flows. The                                                                                              decrease in fair value.
                                                                 determination of the fair value
                                                                 of investment property requires Reversionary rate                        Range of 4.4% – 8.0%                    A decrease in the
                                                                 the use of estimates                                                                                             reversionary rate would
                                                                 such as future cash flows (such                                                                                  result in an increase in fair
                                                                 as future leasing assumptions,                                                                                   value.
                                                                 rental rates, capital and                                                                                        An increase in the
                                                                 operating expenditures) and                                                                                      reversionary rate would
                                                                 discount, reversionary and                                                                                       result in a decrease in fair
                                                                 overall capitalization rates                                                                                     value.
                                                                 applicable to the asset based
                                                                 on current market rates.        Vacancy rate                             Weighted average                        A decrease in the expected
                                                                                                                                          of 6.9%                                 vacancy rate would
                                                                                                                                                                                  generally result in an
                                                                                                                                                                                  increase in fair value.
                                                                                                                                                                                  An increase in the expected
                                                                                                                                                                                  vacancy rate would
                                                                                                                                                                                  generally result in
                                                                                                                                                                                  a decrease in fair value.

                                       Mortgage and              The valuation approach for        Discount rate                          Range of 4.9% – 6.6%                    A decrease in the discount
                                       other loans –             equity-release mortgages is to                                                                                   rate would result in an
                                       Equity-release            use an internal valuation model                                                                                  increase in fair value.
                                       mortgages                 to determine the projected asset
                                       (FVPL)                    cash flows, including the cost of                                                                                An increase in the discount
                                                                 the no-negative-equity                                                                                           rate would result in a
                                                                 guarantee for each individual                                                                                    decrease in fair value.
                                                                 loan, to aggregate these across
                                                                 all loans and to discount those
                                                                 cash flows back to the valuation
                                                                 date. The projection is done
                                                                 monthly until expected
                                                                 redemption of the loan either
                                                                 voluntarily or on the
                                                                 death/entering into long-term
                                                                 care of the loanholders.

                                       Shares and                The determination of the fair    Discount rate                           Various                                 A decrease in the discount
                                       investments in jointly    value of shares requires the use                                                                                 rate would result in an
                                       controlled corporations   of estimates such as future cash                                                                                 increase in fair value.
                                       and associates (FVPL)     flows, discount rates, projected
                                                                 earnings multiples, or recent                                                                                    An increase in the discount
                                                                 transactions.                                                                                                    rate would result in a
                                                                                                                                                                                  decrease in fair value.

                                       Limited-life and          The determination of the fair  Discount rate                             Various                                 A decrease in the discount
                                       redeemable fund units     value of the limited-life and                                                                                    rate would result in an
                                                                 redeemable fund units is based                                                                                   increase in fair value.
                                                                 on the fair value of the
                                                                 underlying fund’s investments.                                                                                   An increase in the discount
                                                                                                                                                                                  rate would result in a
                                                                                                                                                                                  decrease in fair value.




                                            A  122                                      P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
P O WER C O RP O RAT I O N O F C ANAD A




NOTE 20         SEGMENTED INFORMATION




                                                                                                                                    PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
The Corporation is an international management and holding company. Its core holdings are leading insurance, retirement,
wealth management and investment businesses, including a portfolio of alternative asset investment platforms.
As a holding company, the Corporation evaluates the performance of each operating segment based on its contribution to
the earnings attributable to participating shareholders. The contribution to the earnings attributable to participating
shareholders from Lifeco, IGM Financial, GBL, Sagard, Power Sustainable and other, represents the Corporation’s share of
their net earnings.
The Corporation’s reportable segments include Lifeco and IGM Financial due to their quantitative contribution, and the
Corporation also considers GBL as a reportable segment. Together, they represent the Corporation’s investments in publicly
traded operating companies. As well, the Corporation considers the Holding company to be a reportable segment.
  Lifeco is a financial services holding company with interests in life insurance, health insurance, retirement and investment
     services, asset management, and reinsurance businesses, primarily in Canada, the U.S. and Europe.
  IGM Financial is a leading wealth and asset management company supporting advisors and the clients they serve in
     Canada, and institutional investors globally.
  GBL is indirectly held through Parjointco. GBL is a Belgian investment holding company and leading investor in Europe.
     Its portfolio is comprised of a portfolio of listed, direct private and indirect private investments composed of global
     companies, which are leaders in their sectors.
  Holding company comprises the corporate activities of the Corporation and Power Financial, on a combined basis, and
     presents the investment activities of the Corporation including its investments in consolidated entities. The Holding
     company activities present the Holding company’s assets and liabilities, including cash, investments, debentures and
     non-participating shares. The Holding company cash flows are primarily comprised of dividends received, income from
     investments and income (loss) from cash and cash equivalents, less operating expenses, financing charges, income taxes
     and non-participating and participating share dividends.
The Corporation’s asset management activities through the investment platforms, Sagard and Power Sustainable, together
with their investing activities, are presented on a combined basis in another category, Alternative asset investment platforms
and other, as they do not qualify as reportable segments.
Alternative asset investment platforms and other are comprised of the results of:
      Alternative asset management businesses, Sagard and Power Sustainable;
      Investments managed by Sagard and Power Sustainable on behalf of the Corporation;
     Entities held through the alternative asset managers which are consolidated; and
     Standalone businesses.
Effect of consolidation represents the reconciliation between the measurement basis used for the presentation of the Holding
company with the consolidated financial statements, as well as the intersegment elimination for investments under common
control and other consolidation entries.
The segmented assets present the activities of the holding company, including its investments in consolidated entities, Lifeco
and IGM, as well as other controlled entities, using the equity method of accounting as a measurement basis. These entities
are consolidated in the Corporation’s consolidated balance sheets. Common equity interests in Lifeco, IGM, and alternative
asset investment platforms and other (intersegment investments) are included in their respective segment’s assets.




                             P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5   A  123
                                       P O WER C O RP O RAT I O N O F C ANAD A




                                       NOTE 20 SEGMENTED INFORMATION (continued)




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       CONSOLIDATED NET EARNINGS
                                                                                                                                                                                 Alternative
                                                                                                                                                                                       asset
                                                                                                                                                                                 investment
                                                                                                                                                                  Holding     platforms and          Effect of
                                       Three months ended September 30, 2025                                        Lifeco           IGM            GBL          company               other     consolidation     Total

                                       Segment revenue
                                       Insurance revenue 1                                                         5,594               -              -                 -                  -               -      5,594
                                       Net investment income 2                                                     2,573              18              -                22                166              14      2,793
                                       Changes in fair value through profit or loss 2                              1,699              (4)             -                  3               116             (34)     1,780
                                       Fee income 3 4                                                              1,984             967              -                 -                220             (54)     3,117
                                       Other 3                                                                         -               -              -                 -                254               -        254
                                       Total segment revenue                                                     11,850              981              -                25                756             (74)    13,538

                                       Other insurance and investment results
                                       Insurance service expenses 1                                                (4,245)             -              -                 -                   -              -     (4,245)
                                       Net expense from reinsurance contracts 1                                      (471)             -              -                 -                   -              -       (471)
                                       Net investment result from insurance activities 2 5                         (3,651)             -              -                 -                   -              -     (3,651)
                                       Net investment result from insurance contracts on
                                         account of segregated fund policyholders                                       -              -              -                 -                   -              -         -
                                       Total other insurance and investment results                                (8,367)             -              -                 -                   -              -     (8,367)

                                       Other expenses
                                       Operating and administrative expenses 4                                     2,039             640              -                51                859             (54)     3,535
                                       Financing charges                                                              88              33              -                14                 66               1        202
                                       Total other expenses                                                        2,127             673              -                65                925             (53)     3,737
                                       Earnings before investments in jointly controlled
                                         corporations and associates, and income taxes                             1,356             308              -               (40)              (169)            (21)     1,434
                                       Share of earnings (losses) of investments in jointly
                                         controlled corporations and associates                                        15             77            (78)                -                  91            (39)       66
                                       Earnings before income taxes                                                1,371             385            (78)              (40)                (78)           (60)     1,500
                                       Income taxes                                                                  189              87              -                 -                  39            (10)       305
                                       Net earnings                                                                1,182             298            (78)              (40)              (117)            (50)     1,195

                                       Attributable to
                                          Non-controlling interests                                                  417             130              -                35                 (53)           (50)      479
                                          Non-participating shareholders                                               -               -              -                13                   -              -        13
                                          Participating shareholders 6 7                                             765             168            (78)              (88)                (64)             -       703
                                                                                                                   1,182             298            (78)              (40)              (117)            (50)     1,195
                                       1 Included within insurance service result in the statements of earnings.
                                       2 Included within net investment result in the statements of earnings.
                                       3 Included within fee income and other revenues in the statements of earnings.
                                       4 Dealer compensation expenses at IGM are included in operating and administrative expenses.
                                       5 Includes net finance income (expenses) from insurance contracts, net finance income (expenses) from reinsurance contracts and changes in investment contract liabilities.
                                       6 The contribution from Lifeco, IGM, GBL and alternative asset investment platforms and other to net earnings attributable to participating shareholders of the Corporation
                                         includes the effect of consolidation.
                                       7 The contribution from Lifeco and IGM includes an allocation for the results of investments under common control based on their respective interests.




                                             A  124                                                P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
P O WER C O RP O RAT I O N O F C ANAD A




NOTE 20 SEGMENTED INFORMATION (continued)




                                                                                                                                                                                        PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
CONSOLIDATED NET EARNINGS
                                                                                                                                         Alternative
                                                                                                                                               asset
                                                                                                                                         investment
                                                                                                                              Holding platforms and        Effect of
Three months ended September 30, 2024                                            Lifeco           IGM            GBL         company           other   consolidation            Total

Segment revenue
Insurance revenue 1                                                             5,292              -               -              -              -               -         5,292
Net investment income 2                                                         2,241               7              -               7            99              11         2,365
Changes in fair value through profit or loss 2                                  6,906               2              -              (2)           54             (16)        6,944
Fee income 3 4                                                                  1,806            870               -              -            121             (58)        2,739
Other 3                                                                             -              -               -              -            200               -           200
Total segment revenue                                                         16,245             879               -               5           474             (63)       17,540

Other insurance and investment results
Insurance service expenses 1                                                   (4,099)              -              -              -              -               -        (4,099)
Net expense from reinsurance contracts 1                                         (413)              -              -              -              -               -          (413)
Net investment result from insurance activities 2 5                            (8,757)              -              -              -              -               -        (8,757)
Net investment result from insurance contracts on
  account of segregated fund policyholders                                           -              -              -              -              -               -                -
Total other insurance and investment results                                 (13,269)               -              -              -              -               -       (13,269)

Other expenses
Operating and administrative expenses 4                                         1,865            592               -              38           718             (58)        3,155
Financing charges                                                                  98             33               -              14            55               2           202
Total other expenses                                                            1,963            625               -              52           773             (56)        3,357
Earnings before investments in jointly controlled
  corporations and associates, and income taxes                                 1,013            254               -             (47)         (299)              (7)            914
Share of earnings (losses) of investments in jointly
  controlled corporations and associates                                              8            57            (62)             -               6            (31)             (22)
Earnings before income taxes                                                    1,021            311             (62)            (47)         (293)            (38)             892
Income taxes                                                                      131             71               -               -            (5)             (4)             193
Net earnings                                                                      890            240             (62)            (47)         (288)            (34)             699

Attributable to
   Non-controlling interests                                                      323            107               -              35          (116)            (34)             315
   Non-participating shareholders                                                   -              -               -              13             -               -               13
   Participating shareholders 6 7                                                 567            133             (62)            (95)         (172)              -              371
                                                                                  890            240             (62)            (47)         (288)            (34)             699
1 Included within insurance service result in the statements of earnings.
2 Included within net investment result in the statements of earnings.
3 Included within fee income and other revenues in the statements of earnings.
4 Dealer compensation expenses at IGM are included in operating and administrative expenses.
5 Includes net finance income (expenses) from insurance contracts, net finance income (expenses) from reinsurance contracts and changes in investment contract liabilities.
6 The contribution from Lifeco, IGM, GBL and alternative asset investment platforms and other to net earnings attributable to participating shareholders of the Corporation
  includes the effect of consolidation.
7 The contribution from Lifeco and IGM includes an allocation for the results of investments under common control based on their respective interests.




                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                         A  125
                                       P O WER C O RP O RAT I O N O F C ANAD A




                                       NOTE 20 SEGMENTED INFORMATION (continued)




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       CONSOLIDATED NET EARNINGS
                                                                                                                                                                            Alternative
                                                                                                                                                                                  asset
                                                                                                                                                                            investment
                                                                                                                                                                 Holding platforms and               Effect of
                                       Nine months ended September 30, 2025                                        Lifeco            IGM             GBL        company           other          consolidation      Total

                                       Segment revenue
                                       Insurance revenue 1                                                      16,631                 -              -                 -                 -                -     16,631
                                       Net investment income 2                                                   7,199                33              -                21               430               38      7,721
                                       Changes in fair value through profit or loss 2                            3,912                 -              -                  8              424              (73)     4,271
                                       Fee income 3 4                                                            5,843             2,768              -                 -               593             (158)     9,046
                                       Other 3                                                                       -                 -              -                 -               749                -        749
                                       Total segment revenue                                                    33,585             2,801              -                29             2,196             (193)    38,418

                                       Other insurance and investment results
                                       Insurance service expenses 1                                             (12,836)                -             -                 -                  -               -     (12,836)
                                       Net expense from reinsurance contracts 1                                  (1,280)                -             -                 -                  -               -      (1,280)
                                       Net investment result from insurance activities 2 5                       (9,674)                -             -                 -                  -               -      (9,674)
                                       Net investment result from insurance contracts on
                                         account of segregated fund policyholders                                      -                -             -                 -                  -               -          -
                                       Total other insurance and investment results                             (23,790)                -             -                 -                  -               -     (23,790)

                                       Other expenses
                                       Operating and administrative expenses 4                                     6,147           1,887              -              156              2,224             (153)    10,261
                                       Financing charges                                                             292              97              -               41                198                7        635
                                       Total other expenses                                                        6,439           1,984              -              197              2,422             (146)    10,896
                                       Earnings before investments in jointly controlled
                                         corporations and associates, and income taxes                             3,356             817              -             (168)              (226)             (47)     3,732
                                       Share of earnings (losses) of investments in jointly
                                         controlled corporations and associates                                       43             193            (68)                -               305              (84)       389
                                       Earnings before income taxes                                                3,399           1,010            (68)            (168)                 79            (131)     4,121
                                       Income taxes                                                                  376             228              -                1                  15              (6)       614
                                       Net earnings                                                                3,023             782            (68)            (169)                 64            (125)     3,507

                                       Attributable to
                                          Non-controlling interests                                                1,051             315              -              104                (41)            (125)     1,304
                                          Non-participating shareholders                                               -               -              -               39                  -                -         39
                                          Participating shareholders 6 7                                           1,972             467            (68)            (312)               105                -      2,164
                                                                                                                   3,023             782            (68)            (169)                 64            (125)     3,507
                                       1 Included within insurance service result in the statements of earnings.
                                       2 Included within net investment result in the statements of earnings.
                                       3 Included within fee income and other revenues in the statements of earnings.
                                       4 Dealer compensation expenses at IGM are included in operating and administrative expenses.
                                       5 Includes net finance income (expenses) from insurance contracts, net finance income (expenses) from reinsurance contracts and changes in investment contract liabilities.
                                       6 The contribution from Lifeco, IGM, GBL and alternative asset investment platforms and other to net earnings attributable to participating shareholders of the Corporation
                                         includes the effect of consolidation.
                                       7 The contribution from Lifeco and IGM includes an allocation for the results of investments under common control based on their respective interests.




                                             A  126                                                P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
P O WER C O RP O RAT I O N O F C ANAD A




NOTE 20 SEGMENTED INFORMATION (continued)




                                                                                                                                                                                    PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
CONSOLIDATED NET EARNINGS
                                                                                                                                         Alternative
                                                                                                                                               asset
                                                                                                                                         investment
                                                                                                                              Holding platforms and        Effect of
Nine months ended September 30, 2024                                             Lifeco            IGM           GBL         company           other   consolidation        Total

Segment revenue
Insurance revenue 1                                                           15,815                -              -                -            -               -        15,815
Net investment income 2                                                        6,962               28              -               40          369              30         7,429
Changes in fair value through profit or loss 2                                 4,657                 7             -                 7         128             (36)        4,763
Fee income 3 4                                                                 5,272            2,530              -                -          387            (144)        8,045
Other 3                                                                            -                -              -                -          558               -           558
Total segment revenue                                                         32,706            2,565              -               47        1,442            (150)       36,610

Other insurance and investment results
Insurance service expenses 1                                                (12,223)                 -             -               -             -               -       (12,223)
Net expense from reinsurance contracts 1                                     (1,184)                 -             -               -             -               -        (1,184)
Net investment result from insurance activities 2 5                          (9,848)                 -             -               -             -               -        (9,848)
Net investment result from insurance contracts on
  account of segregated fund policyholders                                          -                -             -               -             -               -              -
Total other insurance and investment results                                (23,255)                 -             -               -             -               -       (23,255)

Other expenses
Operating and administrative expenses 4                                        5,595            1,744              -             126         1,631            (134)        8,962
Financing charges                                                                299               97              -              41           160               8           605
Total other expenses                                                           5,894            1,841              -             167         1,791            (126)        9,567
Earnings before investments in jointly controlled
  corporations and associates, and income taxes                                3,557              724              -             (120)        (349)            (24)        3,788
Share of earnings (losses) of investments in jointly
  controlled corporations and associates                                           36             160             13               -            14            (108)         115
Earnings before income taxes                                                   3,593              884             13             (120)        (335)           (132)        3,903
Income taxes                                                                     529              202              -                -          (12)             13           732
Net earnings from continuing operations                                        3,064              682             13             (120)        (323)           (145)        3,171
Net loss from discontinued operations                                           (115)               -              -                -            -               -          (115)
Net gain from disposal of discontinued operations                                 44                -              -                -            -               -            44
Net earnings                                                                   2,993              682             13             (120)        (323)           (145)        3,100

Attributable to
   Non-controlling interests                                                   1,115              280              -              105         (104)           (145)        1,251
   Non-participating shareholders                                                  -                -              -               39            -               -            39
   Participating shareholders 6 7                                              1,878              402             13             (264)        (219)              -         1,810
                                                                               2,993              682             13             (120)        (323)           (145)        3,100
1 Included within insurance service result in the statements of earnings.
2 Included within net investment result in the statements of earnings.
3 Included within fee income and other revenues in the statements of earnings.
4 Dealer compensation expenses at IGM are included in operating and administrative expenses.
5 Includes net finance income (expenses) from insurance contracts, net finance income (expenses) from reinsurance contracts and changes in investment contract liabilities.
6 The contribution from Lifeco, IGM, GBL and alternative asset investment platforms and other to net earnings attributable to participating shareholders of the Corporation
  includes the effect of consolidation.
7 The contribution from Lifeco and IGM includes an allocation for the results of investments under common control based on their respective interests.




                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                         A  127
                                       P O WER C O RP O RAT I O N O F C ANAD A




                                       NOTE 20 SEGMENTED INFORMATION (continued)




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       TOTAL ASSETS AND LIABILITIES
                                                                                                                                                                            Alternative
                                                                                                                                                                                  asset
                                                                                                                                                                            investment
                                                                                                                                                                 Holding platforms and              Effect of
                                       September 30, 2025                                                       Lifeco             IGM              GBL         company           other         consolidation      Total

                                       Cash and cash equivalents                                            10,736              1,043                 -           1,858                889             (339)     14,187
                                       Investments                                                         236,834              5,466                 -             102              2,946              332     245,680
                                       Investments in Lifeco, IGM and alternative asset
                                         investment platforms and other                                       1,267             2,950                 -         23,528                    -        (27,745)          -
                                       Investments in jointly controlled corporations
                                         and associates                                                         531             3,447           3,519                  -            1,651              (514)      8,634
                                       Other assets                                                          46,065             4,061               -                624           29,033              (198)     79,585
                                       Goodwill and intangible assets                                        16,428             3,938               -                   1           1,449                (1)     21,815
                                       Investments on account of
                                         segregated fund policyholders                                     546,979                   -                -                -                  -               -     546,979
                                       Total assets 1                                                      858,840            20,905            3,519           26,113             35,968          (28,465)     916,880

                                       Insurance and investment contract liabilities                       250,649                  -                 -                -                  -               -     250,649
                                       Obligations to securitization entities                                    -              4,913                 -                -                  -               -       4,913
                                       Power Corporation’s debentures and
                                         other debt instruments                                                     -                -                -              647                  -               -        647
                                       Non-recourse debentures and
                                         other debt instruments of:
                                          Power Financial, Lifeco and IGM                                     8,737             2,400                 -             250                 -               (88)     11,299
                                          Consolidated investment funds and Other                                 -                 -                 -               -             4,024                 -       4,024
                                       Other liabilities                                                     19,096             4,590                 -           1,254            29,499            (1,243)     53,196
                                       Insurance and investment contracts on account
                                         of segregated fund policyholders                                  546,979                   -                -                -                  -               -     546,979
                                       Total liabilities                                                   825,461            11,903                  -           2,151            33,523            (1,331)    871,707
                                       1 Total assets of the Lifeco and IGM operating segments include the allocation of goodwill and certain consolidation adjustments.


                                                                                                                                                                            Alternative
                                                                                                                                                                                  asset
                                                                                                                                                                            investment
                                                                                                                                                                 Holding platforms and              Effect of
                                       December 31, 2024                                                        Lifeco             IGM              GBL         company           other         consolidation      Total

                                       Cash and cash equivalents                                            10,709                910                 -           1,606                858             (339)     13,744
                                       Investments                                                         231,478              5,600                 -             101              2,497              311     239,987
                                       Investments in Lifeco, IGM and alternative asset
                                         investment platforms and other                                       1,112             1,965                 -         22,940                    -        (26,017)          -
                                       Investments in jointly controlled corporations
                                         and associates                                                         486             3,346           3,683                  -            1,780              (494)      8,801
                                       Other assets                                                          45,606             4,948               -                349           20,047              (160)     70,790
                                       Goodwill and intangible assets                                        16,550             3,930               -                   1           1,170                 -      21,651
                                       Investments on account of
                                         segregated fund policyholders                                     496,386                   -                -                -                  -               -     496,386
                                       Total assets 1                                                      802,327            20,699            3,683           24,997             26,352          (26,699)     851,359

                                       Insurance and investment contract liabilities                       245,840                  -                 -                -                  -               -     245,840
                                       Obligations to securitization entities                                    -              5,025                 -                -                  -               -       5,025
                                       Power Corporation’s debentures and
                                         other debt instruments                                                     -                -                -              647                  -               -        647
                                       Non-recourse debentures and
                                         other debt instruments of:
                                          Power Financial, Lifeco and IGM                                     9,469             2,400                 -             250                 -               (88)     12,031
                                          Consolidated investment funds and Other                                 -                 -                 -               -             3,878                 -       3,878
                                       Other liabilities                                                     17,814             5,387                 -           1,073            20,050              (758)     43,566
                                       Insurance and investment contracts on account
                                         of segregated fund policyholders                                  496,386                 -                  -               -                 -                 -     496,386
                                       Total liabilities                                                   769,509            12,812                  -           1,970            23,928              (846)    807,373
                                       1 Total assets of the Lifeco and IGM operating segments include the allocation of goodwill and certain consolidation adjustments.




                                            A  128                                                P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
P O WER C O RP O RAT I O N O F C ANAD A




NOTE 20 SEGMENTED INFORMATION (continued)




                                                                                                                                                                                 PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
                                                                                                                                   Alternative
                                                                                                                                         asset
                                                                                                                                   investment
                                                                                                                     Holding    platforms and        Effect of
Nine months ended September 30, 2025                                               Lifeco             IGM           company              other   consolidation        Total

Operating activities                                                             3,023                683              1,418             (25)         (1,335)        3,764
Financing activities                                                            (2,937)              (608)            (1,415)            433           1,493        (3,034)
Investing activities                                                               (15)                58                249            (390)           (158)         (256)
Effect of changes in exchange rates on
  cash and cash equivalents                                                         (44)                 -                  -             13               -              (31)
Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                                   27                 133                252              31               -           443
Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year                                   10,709                 910              1,606             858            (339)       13,744
Cash and cash equivalents, end of period                                       10,736              1,043               1,858             889            (339)       14,187



                                                                                                                                   Alternative
                                                                                                                                         asset
                                                                                                                                   investment
                                                                                                                     Holding    platforms and        Effect of
Nine months ended September 30, 2024                                               Lifeco             IGM           company              other   consolidation        Total

Operating activities                                                              2,751               784             1,284            (113)          (1,255)        3,451
Financing activities                                                             (1,770)             (322)           (1,459)            405            1,464        (1,682)
Investing activities                                                               (403)             (367)              313            (275)            (319)       (1,051)
Effect of changes in exchange rates on
  cash and cash equivalents                                                         192                 -                   -              6               -          198
Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                                    770                95               138              23             (110)          916
Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year                                      8,117               545             1,218             639             (207)       10,312
Cash and cash equivalents, end of period                                          8,887               640             1,356             662             (317)       11,228




                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                        A  129
Page intentionally left blank.




     A  130                      P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
                        Great-West Lifeco Inc.
                                                   PART B




Management’s Discussion and Analysis
PAGE B 2



Financial Statements and Notes
PAGE B 48




                                                                                                     PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
Please note that the bottom of each page in Part B contains two different page
numbers. A page number with the preﬁx “B” refers to the number of such page
in this document and the page number without any preﬁx refers to the number
of such page in the original document issued by Great-West Lifeco Inc.



The attached documents concerning Great-West Lifeco Inc. are documents
prepared and publicly disclosed by such subsidiary, and are available under
such subsidiary’s profile on SEDAR+, at www.sedarplus.ca. Certain statements
in the attached documents, other than statements of historical fact, are forward-
looking statements based on certain assumptions and reﬂect the current
expectations of the subsidiary as set forth therein. Forward-looking statements
are provided for the purposes of assisting the reader in understanding the
subsidiary’s ﬁnancial performance, ﬁnancial position and cash ﬂows as at and
for the periods ended on certain dates and to present information about the
subsidiary’s management’s current expectations and plans relating to the
future and the reader is cautioned that such statements may not be appropriate
for other purposes.

By its nature, forward-looking information is subject to inherent risks and
uncertainties that may be general or speciﬁc and which give rise to the possibility
that expectations, forecasts, predictions, projections or conclusions will not
prove to be accurate, that assumptions may not be correct and that objectives,
strategic goals and priorities will not be achieved.

For further information provided by the subsidiary as to the material factors that
could cause actual results to differ materially from the content of forward-looking
statements, the material factors and assumptions that were applied in making
the forward-looking statements, and the subsidiary’s policy for updating the
content of forward-looking statements, please see the attached documents,
including the section entitled Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking
Information. The reader is cautioned to consider these factors and assumptions
carefully and not to put undue reliance on forward-looking statements.




P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5   B  1
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis



                                                                        MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                                                         FOR THE PERIOD ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2025
                                                                                 DATED: NOVEMBER 5, 2025
                                  This Management’s Discussion and Analysis (MD&A) presents management’s view of the financial condition, financial
                                  performance and cash flows of Great-West Lifeco Inc. (Lifeco or the Company) for the three and nine months ended
                                  September 30, 2025 and includes a comparison to the corresponding periods in 2024, to the three months ended June 30, 2025,
                                  and to the Company’s financial condition as at December 31, 2024, as applicable. This MD&A provides an overall discussion,
                                  followed by analysis of the performance of Lifeco's four major reportable segments: United States (U.S.), Canada, Europe, and
                                  Capital and Risk Solutions.

                                  TABLE OF CONTENTS
                                      Basis of Presentation and Summary of Accounting Policies                                   Liquidity and Capital Management
                                  2   Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Information                             29       Liquidity
                                  3   Cautionary Note Regarding Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios                  30       Cash Flows
                                                                                                                        30       Commitments/Contractual Obligations
                                      Overview                                                                          31       Capital Management and Adequacy
                                  4   Execution Priorities                                                              32       Return on Equity
                                                                                                                        32       Ratings
                                      Consolidated Operating Results
                                  5   Financial Highlights                                                                       Risk Management
                                  6   2025 Developments                                                                 33       Risk Management Overview
                                  7   Base and Net Earnings                                                             33       Exposures and Sensitivities




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  9   Taxes
                                  13 Lifeco Lines of Business                                                                    Accounting Policies
                                                                                                                        35       International Financial Reporting Standards
                                      Segmented Operating Results
                                  15 United States                                                                               Other Information
                                  17 Canada                                                                             35       Summary of Earnings Reclassifications
                                  20 Europe                                                                             37       Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios
                                  23 Capital and Risk Solutions                                                         42       Glossary
                                  24 Corporate                                                                          45       Disclosure Controls and Procedures
                                                                                                                        45       Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
                                      Consolidated Financial Position                                                   45       Transactions with Related Parties
                                  25 Assets                                                                             45       Quarterly Financial Information
                                  27 Liabilities                                                                        46       Translation of Foreign Currency
                                  28 Lifeco Capital Structure                                                           46       Additional Information




                                  Basis of Presentation and Summary of Material Accounting Policies
                                  The condensed consolidated financial statements of Lifeco, which are the basis for data presented in this report, have been
                                  prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as issued by the International Accounting
                                  Standards Board (IASB) unless otherwise noted and are presented in millions of Canadian dollars unless otherwise indicated.
                                  This MD&A should be read in conjunction with the Company's condensed consolidated interim unaudited financial
                                  statements for the period ended September 30, 2025. Refer also to the "Accounting Policies" section of this MD&A and the
                                  Annual MD&A and audited consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2024.
                                  The Company has enhanced its disclosures and updated segment and line of business classifications for 2025 which has
                                  resulted in the restatement of certain comparative amounts in this MD&A. Refer to the "Summary of Earnings Reclassifications"
                                  section of this MD&A for additional information.




                                                                                                               Great-West Lifeco Inc. Third Quarter 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis   1


                                       B  2                                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Management's Discussion and Analysis



Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Information
From time to time, Lifeco makes written and/or oral forward-looking statements within the meaning of applicable securities laws, including in this
MD&A. Forward-looking information includes statements that are predictive in nature, depend upon or refer to future events or conditions, or
include words such as "achieve", "ambition", "anticipate", "believe", "could", "estimate", "expect", "initiatives", "intend", "may", "objective",
"opportunity", "plan", "potential", "project", "target", "will" and other similar expressions or negative versions of those words. Forward-looking
information in this MD&A includes, without limitation, statements about the Company and its operations, business (including business mix),
financial condition, expected financial performance (including revenues, earnings or growth rates, and medium-term financial objectives), strategies
and prospects, expected costs and benefits of acquisitions and divestitures (including timing of integration activities and timing and extent of revenue
and expense synergies), the timing and extent of expected transformation charges/impacts, expected expenditures or investments (including but not
limited to investment in technology infrastructure and digital capabilities and solutions and investments in strategic partnerships), value creation
and realization and growth opportunities, product and service innovation, expected dividend levels, expected cost reductions and savings, expected
capital management activities and use of capital, the timing and extent of possible share repurchases, market position, estimates of risk sensitivities
affecting capital adequacy ratios, estimates of financial risk sensitivities (including as a result of current market conditions), expected net plan
inflows, expected credit experience, anticipated global economic conditions, potential impacts of catastrophe events, potential impacts of
geopolitical events and conflicts and the impact of regulatory developments on the Company’s business strategy, growth objectives and capital.
Lifeco's medium-term financial objectives are forward-looking non-GAAP financial measures. Lifeco's ability to achieve those objectives depends on
whether the Company is able to achieve segment earnings growth ambitions and other business growth objectives and on certain key assumptions,
including: (i) the performance of equity, interest rate and credit markets during the relevant period is consistent with management’s expectations,
which take into account current market information and assume no credit impairments; (ii) the achievement of the Company's segment base
earnings growth ambitions; (iii) the achievement of enterprise and segment efficiency ambitions; (iv) capital levels and available and attractive
options for capital deployment; (v) no significant changes in the level of our regulatory capital requirements; (vi) no significant changes to the
Company's effective income tax rate; (vii) no significant changes to the Company's number of shares outstanding; (viii) no material assumption
changes and no material accounting standard changes. Our medium-term financial objectives do not reflect indirect effects of equity, interest rate
and credit market movements, including the potential impacts of those movements on goodwill or the current valuation allowance on deferred tax
assets as well as other items that may be non-operational in nature. Further, Lifeco's target base dividend payout ratio assumes that the Company's
financial results and market conditions will enable us to maintain our payout ratio in the target range. Dividends on outstanding common shares of
the Company are declared and paid at the sole discretion of the Company's board of directors. The decision to declare a dividend on the common




                                                                                                                                                                               PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
shares of the Company takes into account a variety of factors including the level of earnings, adequacy of capital and availability of cash resources.
Forward-looking statements are based on expectations, forecasts, estimates, predictions, projections and conclusions about future events that were
current at the time of the statements and are inherently subject to, among other things, risks, uncertainties and assumptions about the Company,
economic factors and the financial services industry generally, including the insurance, wealth and retirement solutions industries. They are not
guarantees of future performance, and actual events and results could differ materially from those expressed or implied by forward-looking
statements. Many of these assumptions are based on factors and events that are not within the control of the Company and there is no assurance that
they will prove to be correct. With respect to possible share repurchases, the amount and timing of actual repurchases will depend on the earnings,
cash requirements and financial condition of the Company, market conditions, our ability to effect the repurchases on a prudent basis, capital
requirements, applicable law and regulations (including applicable securities laws), and other factors deemed relevant by the Company, and may be
subject to regulatory approval and/or conditions. In all cases, whether or not actual results differ from forward-looking information may depend on
numerous factors, developments and assumptions, including, without limitation, the ability to integrate and leverage acquisitions and achieve
anticipated benefits and synergies, the achievement of expense synergies and client retention targets from the acquisition of the Prudential
retirement business, the Company’s ability to execute strategic plans and adapt or recalibrate these plans as needed, the Company’s reputation,
business competition, assumptions around sales, pricing, fee rates, customer behaviour (including contributions, redemptions, withdrawals and
lapse rates), mortality and morbidity experience, expense levels, reinsurance arrangements, global equity and capital markets (including continued
access to equity and debt markets and credit instruments on economically feasible terms), geopolitical tensions and related economic impacts,
interest and foreign exchange rates, inflation levels, liquidity requirements, investment values and asset breakdowns, hedging activities, financial
condition of industry sectors and individual issuers that comprise part of the Company’s investment portfolio, credit ratings, taxes, impairments of
goodwill and other intangible assets, technological changes, breaches or failure of information systems and security (including cyber-attacks),
assumptions around third-party suppliers, changes in local and international laws and regulations, changes in accounting policies and the effect of
applying future accounting policy changes, changes in actuarial standards, unexpected judicial or regulatory proceedings, catastrophic events,
continuity and availability of personnel and third-party service providers, unplanned changes to the Company’s facilities, customer and employee
relations, levels of administrative and operational efficiencies, and other general economic, political and market factors in North America and
internationally.
The above list is not exhaustive, and there may be other factors listed in other filings with securities regulators, including those set out in the "Risk
Management" and "Summary of Critical Accounting Estimates" sections of the Company's Annual MD&A for the year ended December 31, 2024 and
in the Company's annual information form dated February 5, 2025 under "Risk Factors". These, along with other filings, are available for review at
www.sedarplus.com. The reader is cautioned to consider these and other factors, uncertainties and potential events carefully and not to place undue
reliance on forward-looking information.
Other than as specifically required by applicable law, the Company does not intend to update any forward-looking information whether as a result of
new information, future events or otherwise.




                                                                                          Great-West Lifeco Inc. Third Quarter 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis   2


                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                             B  3
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis



                                  Cautionary Note Regarding Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios
                                  This MD&A contains some non-Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP) financial measures and non-GAAP ratios as defined in National
                                  Instrument 52-112 “Non-GAAP and Other Financial Measures Disclosure”. Terms by which non-GAAP financial measures are identified include, but
                                  are not limited to, "base earnings (loss)", "base earnings (loss) (US$)", "base earnings (loss) - pre-tax", "base earnings: insurance service result", "base
                                  earnings: net investment result", "assets under management or advisement", "assets under administration", "client assets", "non-par base operating
                                  and administration expenses", and "run-rate insurance results". Terms by which non-GAAP ratios are identified include, but are not limited to, “base
                                  earnings per common share (EPS)”, “base return on equity (ROE)”, "base dividend payout ratio", "base capital generation", "efficiency ratio",
                                  “effective income tax rate – base earnings – common shareholders” and "pre-tax base operating margin". Non-GAAP financial measures and ratios
                                  are used to provide management and investors with additional measures of performance to help assess results where no comparable GAAP (IFRS)
                                  measure exists. However, non-GAAP financial measures and ratios do not have standard meanings prescribed by GAAP (IFRS) and are not directly
                                  comparable to similar measures used by other companies. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section in this MD&A for the
                                  appropriate reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to measures prescribed by GAAP as well as additional details on each measure and
                                  ratio.




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.




                                                                                                                      Great-West Lifeco Inc. Third Quarter 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis   3


                                        B  4                                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Management's Discussion and Analysis



Overview
Great-West Lifeco Inc. is a financial services holding company focused on building stronger, more inclusive and financially
secure futures. We operate in Canada, the United States and Europe under the brands Canada Life, Empower and Irish Life.
Together we provide wealth, retirement, workplace benefits and insurance and risk solutions to over 40 million customer
relationships. As of September 30, 2025, Great-West Lifeco’s total client assets exceeded 3.3 trillion.

Execution Priorities
Great-West Lifeco is guided by four execution priorities in pursuit of its strategy and ambition. These priorities reinforce the
company’s unwavering focus on its customers, the need to be constantly innovating by investing in new digital and AI-enabled
solutions, accelerating operational efficiency to constantly improve performance, and maintaining a culture that enables
growth by supporting its employees.




                                                                                                                                                                                     PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
Our strategic priorities guide our actions




1 This metric is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details.




                                                                                                Great-West Lifeco Inc. Third Quarter 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis   4


                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                             B  5
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis



                                  Consolidated Operating Results

                                      Selected consolidated financial information
                                                                                                                          As at or for the three months ended                                 For the nine months ended
                                                                                                                      Sept. 30                 June 30                 Sept. 30                Sept. 30         Sept. 30
                                      (in Canadian $ millions, except per share amounts)                               2025                     2025                    2024                    2025             2024
                                      Base earnings1                                                              $         1,225        $          1,149        $          1,061         $           3,404 $        3,077
                                      Net earnings from continuing operations2                                              1,158                      894                     859                    2,912          2,895
                                      Net earnings - common shareholders                                                    1,158                      894                     859                    2,912          2,824
                                        Per common share
                                          Basic:
                                            Base earnings3                                                                    1.33                    1.24                    1.14                     3.67            3.30
                                            Net earnings from continuing operations                                           1.25                    0.96                    0.92                     3.14            3.10
                                            Net earnings                                                                      1.25                    0.96                    0.92                     3.14            3.03
                                          Dividends paid                                                                    0.610                   0.610                   0.555                     1.830          1.665
                                      Book value per common share2                                                          27.86                   27.38                   25.78
                                      Base dividend payout ratio3                                                             45.9 %                  49.2 %                  48.7 %
                                      Dividend payout ratio2                                                                  48.7 %                  63.5 %                  60.3 %
                                      Efficiency ratio3                                                                       56.2 %                  56.7 %                  57.1 %
                                      Base return on equity3                                                                  17.7 %                  17.4 %                  17.3 %
                                      Return on equity - continuing operations2                                               15.8 %                  14.9 %                  15.6 %
                                      Financial leverage ratio4                                                                  27 %                   28 %                    29 %




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                      Total assets per financial statements                                       $       858,676        $        814,842        $        779,741
                                      Total assets under management or advisement1                                      1,114,020               1,036,167                 965,922
                                      Total assets under administration only2                                           2,193,703               2,007,290              1,915,626
                                      Total client assets1                                                              3,307,723               3,043,457              2,881,548
                                      Total assets under administration1                                                3,543,766               3,275,298              3,110,284

                                      Total contractual service margin (net of reinsurance
                                        contracts held)                                                                     13,611                  13,802                  13,517

                                      Total equity                                                                          33,215                  32,696                  31,311

                                      Canada Life Assurance Company consolidated LICAT Ratio5                                  131 %                  132%                   134%

                                  1     This metric is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details.
                                  2     Refer to the "Glossary" section of this document for additional details on the composition of this measure.
                                  3     This metric is a non-GAAP ratio. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details.
                                  4     The calculation for financial leverage ratio includes the after-tax non-participating contractual service margin (CSM) balance in the denominator, excluding CSM associated with
                                        segregated fund guarantees. This reflects that the CSM represents future profit and is considered available capital under LICAT. These ratios are estimates based on available data.
                                  5     The Life Insurance Capital Adequacy Test (LICAT) Ratio is based on the consolidated results of The Canada Life Assurance Company, Lifeco's major Canadian operating subsidiary.
                                        The LICAT Ratio is calculated in accordance with the Office of Superintendent of Financial Institutions' guideline - Life Insurance Capital Adequacy Test. Refer to the "Capital
                                        Management and Adequacy" section of this document for additional details.




                                                                                                                                    Great-West Lifeco Inc. Third Quarter 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis         5


                                            B  6                                                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Management's Discussion and Analysis



2025 Developments
Lifeco has updated its financial performance ambitions by updating its medium-term financial objectives effective January 1,
2025 as follows:
    •    Increased its base return on equity (ROE) objective to 19%+ from 16-17%,
    •    Introduced a new base capital generation objective of 80%+, and
    •    Reaffirmed its base earnings per share (EPS) growth objective of 8-10% and base earnings dividend payout ratio
         objective of 45-55%.
    The Company's base capital generation measure, calculated over the trailing 12 months ending September 30, 2025,
    exceeded 80%. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details on
    base capital generation, which is a non-GAAP ratio.
•   As previously announced, within the next three years, Lifeco plans to incur an estimated $250 million to $300 million of
    post-tax restructuring costs, through investment in modernized technology platforms, and retiring legacy systems as well
    as enhancing productivity through increased automation and leveraging a global workplace. These restructuring costs are
    a subset of business transformation and other costs excluded from base earnings. For the first nine months of 2025, the
    Company incurred or provisioned for a net of $187 million post-tax of business transformation and other costs, of which
    $56 million post-tax was recorded in the third quarter of 2025.
•   The Company's efficiency ratio for the third quarter of 2025 was 56.2% compared to 57.1% in the same quarter last year.
    The improvement in Lifeco's efficiency ratio was driven primarily by increased scale at Empower.
•   For the nine months ended September 30, 2025, the Company repurchased 13.3 million shares for $696 million under the
    current NCIB. Lifeco intends to repurchase shares worth $1.5 billion in aggregate for 2025 excluding purchases made to
    offset option dilution under its share compensation plans. These share repurchases are made subject to market conditions,




                                                                                                                                                                            PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
    the Company's ability to effect the purchases on a prudent basis, and other strategic opportunities emerging.
•   The Company’s financial leverage ratio at September 30, 2025 was 27% compared to 29% at the end of 2024. This reduction
    was primarily due to the repayment of US$500 million senior notes in the third quarter of 2025, growth in equity from
    retained earnings and the impact of currency movement and growth of non-participating CSM, excluding segregated
    funds.
•   The Canada Life Assurance Company LICAT ratio increased one point to 131% from December 31, 2024, due to reductions
    in required capital and the contribution of earnings in the period.
Macroenvironmental Risks
Many factors contribute to the economic uncertainty in the geographies in which the Company operates and to the elevated
volatility of global financial markets. Elevated global financial market volatility is due, in part, to certain geopolitical conflicts,
trade policy and fiscal policy developments, which the Company actively monitors. Central banks are weighing these factors in
consideration of interest rate decisions in many of the countries in which the Company operates. The outlook for financial and
real estate markets over the short and medium-term remains uncertain and the Company actively monitors events and
information globally.
The Company's strategies are resilient and flexible, positioning it to navigate current market conditions and continue to
identify and pursue opportunities, including organic growth and acquisition activities, while supporting customers and
employees in an evolving environment.




                                                                                       Great-West Lifeco Inc. Third Quarter 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis   6


                         P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                             B  7
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis



                                  Base and Net Earnings
                                  Consolidated base earnings and net earnings of Lifeco include the base earnings and net earnings of Empower, Canada Life
                                  (and its operating subsidiaries) and the Company's Corporate operating results (including PanAgora Asset Management). Net
                                  earnings for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 also include the earnings from Putnam Investments reported as
                                  discontinued operations.
                                  For a further description of base earnings, refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document.
                                  For further details on restated earnings for the three quarters of 2024, refer to the "Summary of Earnings Reclassification"
                                  section of this document.

                                                                                                                                For the three months ended                                     For the nine months ended
                                                                                                                       Sept. 30                 June 30               Sept. 30                  Sept. 30             Sept. 30
                                                                                                                        2025                     2025              2024 (Restated)               2025             2024 (Restated)
                                      Base earnings (loss)1
                                          United States                                                           $               436 $                   341 $                   390      $            1,142 $            1,027
                                          Canada                                                                                  371                     375                     356                   1,062              1,056
                                          Europe                                                                                  266                     262                     224                    767                 686
                                          Capital and Risk Solutions                                                              265                     229                     220                    707                 624
                                          Corporate                                                                               (113)                    (58)                  (129)                   (274)              (316)
                                      Lifeco base earnings1                                                       $             1,225 $                 1,149 $                 1,061      $            3,404 $            3,077

                                      Items excluded from base earnings
                                          Market experience relative to expectations2                             $                 40 $                 (104) $                    41     $             (155) $             176
                                          Assumption changes and management actions2                                               (25)                      (3)                 (203)                     (60)             (165)




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                          Business transformation and other impacts                                                (56)                  (121)                       (4)                 (187)               (82)
                                          Amortization of acquisition-related finite life intangibles                              (37)                    (38)                    (36)                  (112)              (111)
                                          Tax legislative changes and other tax impacts                                             11                      11                      —                      22                 —
                                      Items excluded from Lifeco base earnings                                    $                (67) $                (255) $                 (202) $                 (492) $            (182)

                                      Net earnings (loss) from continuing operations2
                                          United States                                                           $               376 $                   305 $                   373      $            1,019 $              896
                                          Canada                                                                                  483                     255                     499                   1,039              1,263
                                          Europe                                                                                  188                     126                     144                     481                591
                                         Capital and Risk Solutions                                                               280                     194                      19                     658                453
                                         Corporate                                                                               (169)                     14                    (176)                   (285)              (308)
                                      Lifeco net earnings from continuing operations2                             $             1,158 $                   894 $                   859 $                 2,912 $            2,895
                                          Net earnings (loss) from discontinued operations                                           —                      —                       —                      —                (115)
                                          Net gain from disposal of discontinued operations                                          —                      —                       —                      —                  44
                                      Lifeco net earnings - common shareholders                                   $             1,158 $                   894 $                   859      $            2,912 $            2,824

                                  1       This metric is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details.
                                  2       Refer to the "Glossary" section of this document for additional details on the composition of this measure.

                                  Base Earnings
                                  Base earnings for the third quarter of 2025 of $1,225 million ($1.33 per common share) increased by $164 million or 15% from
                                  $1,061 million ($1.14 per common share) a year ago. The strong results reflect double-digit base earnings growth across the
                                  Wealth and Group Benefits businesses, improved insurance experience and modest credit experience. Base earnings growth
                                  includes:
                                      •      higher U.S. segment base earnings from higher fee income driven by increased asset levels from higher equity markets and
                                             business growth, partially offset by an increase in operating expenses incurred to support growth;
                                      •      higher Capital and Risk Solutions base earnings from higher Capital Solutions new business volume and improved Risk
                                             Solutions experience; and
                                      •      higher base earnings in the Europe segment from overall favourable group benefits experience, and higher fee income
                                             driven by asset growth as well as the positive impact of currency movements.




                                                                                                                                      Great-West Lifeco Inc. Third Quarter 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis                7


                                              B  8                                                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Management's Discussion and Analysis


For the nine months ended September 30, 2025, Lifeco's base earnings were $3,404 million ($3.67 per common share)
compared to $3,077 million ($3.30 per common share) a year ago. The increase was primarily due to:
 •   higher U.S. segment base earnings driven by higher fee income driven by increased asset levels from higher equity markets
     and business growth, partially offset by higher credit-related impacts on invested assets, higher paid crediting rates as well
     as lower asset volumes resulting in lower margins.
 •   higher Capital and Risk Solutions segment base earnings driven by higher Capital Solutions new business volume and
     improved Risk Solutions experience; and
 •   higher Europe segment base earning driven by higher earnings from favourable group benefit experience, improved health
     experience in Ireland, higher fee income driven by asset growth as well as the positive impact of currency movements.
Net Earnings
Lifeco's net earnings from continuing operations for the three month period ended September 30, 2025 of $1,158 million ($1.25
per common share) increased by $299 million or 35% compared to $859 million ($0.92 per common share) a year ago. The
increase was primarily due to higher base earnings as well as the net impacts of the following items excluded from base
earnings:
 •   improved impact from assumption changes and management actions. Refer to the "Assumption Changes and
     Management Actions" section of this document for additional details;
 •   partially offset by higher negative business transformation and other impacts, driven by guaranty fund assessment fees
     associated with an acquired business recognized during the current quarter in the U.S. and higher restructuring costs in
     the Europe segment.
For the nine months ended September 30, 2025, Lifeco's net earnings from continuing operations were $2,912 million ($3.14
per common share) compared to $2,895 million ($3.10 per common share) a year ago. The increase was primarily due to higher
base earnings as well as the net impacts of the following items excluded from base earnings:




                                                                                                                                                                           PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
 •   lower market experience relative to expectations impacts due to lower returns than expected on real estate assets, and
     interest rate and spread movements in the Europe and Capital and Risk Solutions segments, offset by interest rate
     movements in the Canada segment;
 •   higher negative business transformation and other impacts, driven by a restructuring provision recorded in the second
     quarter of 2025 in the Canada segment, higher restructuring costs in the Europe segment as well as guaranty fund
     assessment fees associated with an acquired business recognized during the current quarter in the U.S.; and
 •   partially offset by improved impact from assumption changes and management actions. Refer to the "Assumption Changes
     and Management Actions" section of this document for additional details.
The results from discontinued operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, included a net loss of $115 million as
well as a $44 million final gain on sale.
Lifeco's net earnings from continuing operations for the three month period ended September 30, 2025 of $1,158 million ($1.25
per common share) increased by $264 million or 30% compared to $894 million ($0.96 per common share) in the previous
quarter. The increase was primarily due to an increase in base earnings of $76 million and higher earnings from items excluded
from base earnings of $188 million. The increase in base earnings is primarily due to:
 •   higher U.S. base earnings due to negative credit-related impacts from the prior quarter that did not repeat, higher net fee
     income driven by market appreciation and volumes, partially offset by higher growth related expenses.
 •   higher Capital and Risk Solutions base earnings from Capital Solutions new business volumes and improved Risk
     Solutions experience.
 The increase in items excluded from base earnings is primarily due to:
 •   improved market related experience impacts related to interest rates; and
 •   lower business transformation and other costs largely related to restructuring provisions in the Canada segment in the
     second quarter of 2025.
Foreign Currency
The average currency translation rate for the third quarter of 2025 increased for the euro, British pound and the U.S. dollar
compared to the third quarter of 2024. For the three months ended September 30, 2025, the overall impact of currency
movement compared to translation rates a year ago:
 •   on the Company's base earnings was an increase of $29 million (increase of $94 million year-to-date) compared to
     translation rates a year ago;
 •   on the Company’s net earnings was an increase of $25 million (increase of $60 million year-to-date) .



                                                                                      Great-West Lifeco Inc. Third Quarter 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis   8


                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                             B  9
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis


                                  From June 30, 2025 to September 30, 2025, the market rates at the end of the reporting period used to translate the U.S. dollar
                                  and euro assets and liabilities to the Canadian dollar increased, while the British pound remained flat. The movements in end-
                                  of-period exchange rates impact the translation of foreign operations, including related hedging activities, resulting in post-tax
                                  unrealized foreign exchange gains of $308 million in-quarter ($164 million net unrealized loss year-to-date) recorded in other
                                  comprehensive income.
                                  Translation rates for the reporting period and comparative periods are detailed in the "Translation of Foreign Currency"
                                  section.
                                  Taxes
                                  The Company's effective income tax rates on earnings attributable to common shareholders and total Lifeco earnings are
                                  presented below.

                                      Effective Income Tax Rates                                                                 For the three months ended                                   For the nine months ended
                                                                                                                       Sept. 30                 June 30                 Sept. 30                Sept. 30        Sept. 30
                                                                                                                        2025                     2025                    2024                    2025            2024
                                      Base earnings - common shareholders1                                                     16.7 %                  11.7 %                  16.3 %                  15.2 %         17.8 %
                                      Net earnings - common shareholders                                                       16.0 %                    5.9 %                 16.1 %                  13.2 %         16.9 %
                                      Net earnings - total Lifeco                                                              13.8 %                    3.2 %                 12.8 %                  11.1 %         14.7 %

                                  1       This metric is a non-GAAP ratio. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details

                                  The Company's effective income tax rate is generally lower than the statutory income tax rate of 28.0% due to benefits related to
                                  non-taxable investment income and lower income tax rates in certain foreign jurisdictions.
                                  In the third quarter of 2025, the effective income tax rate on base earnings for the common shareholders of 16.7% was up from




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  16.3% in the third quarter of 2024, primarily due to:
                                      •      changes in certain tax estimates.
                                  In the third quarter of 2025, the effective income tax rate on net earnings for the common shareholders was comparable to the
                                  third quarter of 2024.
                                  In the third quarter of 2025, the Company's effective income tax rate on net earnings for total Lifeco of 13.8% was up from 12.8%
                                  in the third quarter of 2024, primarily due to:
                                      •      lower non-taxable investment income partially offset by the jurisdictional mix of earnings.
                                  In the third quarter of 2025, the Company's effective income tax rates on base earnings and net earnings for the common
                                  shareholders and net earnings for total Lifeco were up from the previous quarter, primarily due to:
                                      •      changes in certain tax estimates relating to prior year tax matters reflected in the second quarter of 2025.
                                  For the nine months ended September 30, 2025, the effective income tax rate on base earnings for the common shareholders of
                                  15.2% was down from 17.8% in the same period last year, primarily due to:
                                      •      changes in certain tax estimates relating to prior year tax matters.
                                  For the nine months ended September 30, 2025, the Company's effective income tax rates on net earnings for both the common
                                  shareholders and for total Lifeco were down from the same period of 2024, primarily due to:
                                      •      changes in certain tax estimates relating to prior year tax matters as well as the jurisdictional mix of earnings.
                                  Refer to note 14 of the Company's condensed consolidated interim unaudited financial statements for the period ended
                                  September 30, 2025 for further details.




                                                                                                                                     Great-West Lifeco Inc. Third Quarter 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis        9


                                              B  10                                                      P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Management's Discussion and Analysis



Items Excluded from Base Earnings
Market Experience Relative to Expectations
                                                                                     For the three months ended                             For the nine months ended
                                                                            Sept. 30                June 30             Sept. 30             Sept. 30            Sept. 30
                                                                             2025                    2025                2024                 2025                2024
Public equity market impacts                                           $                  2 $                    22 $               22 $                 9 $              49
Real estate and other non-fixed income asset impacts                                    (37)                    (51)               (10)              (126)               (95)
Interest rate and other impacts                                                          75                     (75)                29                 (38)              222
Total market experience relative to expectations                       $                 40 $                 (104) $              41   $            (155) $             176

Market experience relative to expectations, which are reflected in the net investment result of the Company's consolidated
statement of earnings, positively impacted net earnings by $40 million in the third quarter of 2025, compared to a positive
impact of $41 million in the third quarter of 2024. The in-quarter impact was primarily due to:
 •   positive interest rate and other impacts from liabilities increasing by less than their supporting assets in the Canada
     segment, due to risk-free rate decreases at shorter terms and an increase at the longer term; partially offset by
 •   negative real estate and other non-fixed income asset impacts primarily due to lower returns than expected on real estate
     assets in the U.K. in the Europe segment.
For the nine months ended September 30, 2025, market experience relative to expectations negatively impacted net earnings
by $155 million which compares unfavourably to a positive impact of $176 million for the same period in 2024. The 2025 year-
to-date negative impact was primarily due to:
 •   negative real estate and other non-fixed income asset impacts from lower returns than expected on real estate assets;
 •   negative interest rate and other impacts in the Europe and Capital and Risk Solutions segments partially offset by positive




                                                                                                                                                                                 PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
     interest rate and other impacts in the Canada segment.
In order to mitigate the Company's exposure to interest rate fluctuations, the Company follows disciplined processes for
matching asset and liability cash flows. As a result, the impact of changing interest rates is mostly mitigated in the current
period, with the impact of changes in fair values of bonds backing insurance contract liabilities mostly offset by a
corresponding change in the insurance contract liabilities. However, differences in the interest rate sensitivity in the value of
assets and the value of insurance and investment contract liabilities leads to a sensitivity to interest rate movements in net
earnings due to the Company’s asset liability management strategies and accounting policy choices. These choices include
consideration of the impact on regulatory capital, which can result in increased net earnings sensitivity, but decreased capital
sensitivity. For example, the Company’s asset liability management strategy uses public equities and other non-fixed income
assets as a component of general fund assets supporting liabilities, which leads to interest rate exposure in net earnings. The
classification of financial assets, which are valued at amortized cost and held in the general fund assets supporting liabilities
(for example, mortgage assets in the U.K.), also contributes to interest rate exposure in net earnings. Furthermore, sensitivities
to interest rate movements vary depending upon the geography where the changes occur and the level of change in interest
rates by term.
For a further description of the Company's sensitivity to equity market and interest rate fluctuations, including sensitivity
disclosures as a result of current market conditions, refer to the "Risk Management" section of this document as well as note 6
of the Company's condensed consolidated interim unaudited financial statements for the period ended September 30, 2025.
Assumption Changes and Management Actions
Assumption changes on insurance risks and certain management actions directly impact CSM, for contracts which have CSM.
The impact of assumption changes and certain management actions on CSM are measured at locked-in rates, for contracts
measured under the General Measurement Model.
Net earnings impacts arise from the fair value impact of measuring assumption changes impacting CSM at fair value (relative to
the impacts on CSM measured at locked-in rates), as well as assumption changes on financial risks on certain products and
assumption changes on insurance risks on contracts which do not have CSM (including short-term insurance contracts).
The table below summarizes how assumption changes and management actions impact CSM and earnings.




                                                                                       Great-West Lifeco Inc. Third Quarter 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis       10


                          P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                            B  11
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis



                                                                                                                       Products with CSM                                                        Products without CSM

                                      Type of business                                  Non-participating insurance and                   Pass through and fee-based                              Short-term business
                                                                                              longevity business                              insurance business
                                      Products                                          • Term life / universal life                  • Segregated funds                                 • Group life and health
                                                                                        • Disability / critical illness               • Participating insurance                          • Structured and P&C reinsurance
                                                                                        • Payout annuities                                                                               • Liabilities for incurred claims
                                                                                        • Life reinsurance
                                                                                        • Longevity swaps
                                      Financial                                         • Insurance assumptions – locked-             • Insurance assumptions
                                                                      CSM1                in rates impact2                            • Financial assumptions
                                      statement
                                      impact of                                         • Insurance assumptions – fair                                                                   • Insurance assumptions
                                      assumption                    Earnings              value impact2                                                                                  • Financial assumptions
                                      changes                                           • Financial assumptions

                                  1       If there is no CSM balance, then the impact of both insurance and financial assumption changes flows through earnings.
                                  2       As current discount rates are generally higher than locked-in rates (as locked-in rates were mostly set as at January 1, 2022), a favourable change in insurance assumptions would
                                          increase the CSM and result in a negative earnings impact in the period.
                                  The following table shows the net earnings and CSM impacts of assumption changes and management actions in the third
                                  quarter of 2025 and the same quarter in 2024.

                                                                                                                  Net earnings
                                                    Assumptions                          CSM impacts1           impact (post-tax)                                            Description
                                      For the three months ended
                                      September 30, 2025
                                      Longevity                                     $                     30 $                         10 Updates to reflect recent longevity experience, primarily on
                                                                                                                                          portfolios in the Capital and Risk Solutions segment and the
                                                                                                                                          Europe segment
                                      Mortality                                                          (24)                         (21) Updates to reflect recent mortality experience on the U.S. life




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                                                                                                                           reinsurance portfolio in the Capital and Risk Solutions
                                                                                                                                           segment and recent mortality experience and trends in the
                                                                                                                                           Canada segment
                                      Policyholder behaviour                                           (184)                           35 Updates to lapse assumptions on universal life insurance in
                                                                                                                                          the Canada segment
                                      Other                                                               17                          (49) Other updates, including financial and expense assumptions
                                      Total                                         $                  (161) $                        (25)

                                      For the three months ended
                                      September 30, 20242
                                      Total                                         $                   294 $                        (203)

                                  1       Excludes participating and segregated fund policies.
                                  2       Comparative figures have been restated to remove the impact of assumption changes on segregated fund policies to conform to the current period's presentation.
                                  Discussion on CSM and earnings impacts below relate to non-participating business, excluding segregated funds except
                                  where noted relating to segregated funds business.
                                      For the three months ended September 30, 2025, assumption changes and management actions resulted in:
                                      •      a decrease in CSM of $161 million;
                                      •      a negative earnings impact of $25 million; and
                                      •      a decrease in CSM of $105 million on segregated fund business;
                                      In the Canada segment:
                                      •      CSM was negatively impacted by $164 million;
                                      •      net earnings were positively impacted by $33 million ;
                                      •      these impacts were primarily due to updates on policyholder behaviour assumptions;
                                      •      CSM was also negatively impacted by $109 million on segregated fund business, due to updates to policyholder behaviour
                                             assumptions and model refinements.
                                      In the Europe segment:
                                      •      CSM was negatively impacted by $17 million;
                                      •      net earnings were positively impacted by $8 million;
                                      •      these impacts were primarily due to updates to longevity assumptions partially offset by positive impacts to the CSM from
                                             a management action relating to reinsurance in the U.K..



                                                                                                                                    Great-West Lifeco Inc. Third Quarter 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis             11


                                              B  12                                                       P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Management's Discussion and Analysis


 In the Capital and Risk Solutions segment:
 •   CSM was positively impacted by $21 million;
 •   net earnings were negatively impacted by $20 million;
 •   these impacts were primarily due to updates to longevity and mortality assumptions.
 In the Corporate segment:
 •   net earnings were negatively impacted by $46 million, primarily due to model refinements on a U.S. legacy insurance
     portfolio.
 In the U.S. segment:
 •   CSM was negatively impacted by $1 million;
 •   CSM was positively impacted by $4 million on segregated fund business.
 The above compares to assumption changes and management actions for the three months ending June 30, 2025:
 •   an increase in CSM of $7 million;
 •   a negative net earnings impact of $3 million; and
 •   a decrease in CSM of $19 million on segregated fund business.
 This also compares to assumption changes and management actions for the three months ending September 30, 2024:
 •   an increase in CSM of $294 million;
 •   and a negative net earnings impact of $203 million; and
 •   an increase in CSM of $11 million on segregated fund business.
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2025, assumption changes and management actions resulted in:
 •   a decrease in CSM of $144 million;




                                                                                                                                                                            PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
 •   a negative net earnings impact of $60 million; and
 •   a decrease in CSM of $125 million on segregated fund business.
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, assumption changes and management actions resulted in:
 •   a $275 million CSM increase;
 •   a negative net earnings impact of $165 million; and
 •   an increase in CSM of $12 million on segregated fund business.
Other Items Excluded from Base Earnings
For the third quarter of 2025, other items excluded from base earnings were negative $82 million compared to negative $40
million a year ago. Business transformation and other costs increased by $52 million compared to the same period in the prior
year, primarily due to:
 •   guaranty fund assessments associated with an acquired business in the U.S. segment; and
 •   restructuring costs in the Europe segment.
For the nine months ended September 30, 2025, other items excluded from base earnings were negative $277 million compared
to negative $193 million a year ago. Business transformation and other costs increased by $105 million compared to the same
period in the prior year, primarily due to higher restructuring costs in the Canada segment as well as the same reasons
discussed for the in-quarter results.
These items were partially offset by:
 •   provision releases related to the 2003 acquisition of Canada Life Financial Corporation from the prior quarter; and
 •   restructuring costs related to the acquisition of the full-service retirement services business of Prudential Financial Inc.
     (Prudential) in the U.S. segment from the prior year that did not repeat.




                                                                                     Great-West Lifeco Inc. Third Quarter 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis    12


                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                            B  13
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis



                                  Lifeco Lines of Business
                                  The Company has a diversified mix of business across its reportable operating segments and accordingly supplements its
                                  analysis of results with reporting and disclosures by business type or “lines of business”. The Company focuses on four key
                                  lines of business that extend across its reportable operating segments:
                                  •       Retirement
                                  •       Wealth
                                  •       Group Benefits
                                  •       Insurance & Risk Solutions

                                  The table below demonstrates the relative size, based on base earnings, of each line of business by operating segment. The
                                  table excludes the Corporate segment and earnings on surplus and other reconciling items.

                                      In-quarter base earnings1
                                      ($ millions)                                                                                      Operating Segments

                                                                                                                                                                                                        Capital and Risk
                                          Lines of Business                                     U.S.                                 Canada                                Europe
                                                                                                                                                                                                           Solutions

                                                 Retirement                                     $312                                     $50                                   $10


                                                    Wealth                                       $83                                     $65                                   $56




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                             Group Benefits                                                                             $175                                   $82

                                            Insurance & Risk
                                                                                                                                         $63                                   $95                               $246
                                                Solutions
                                  1     Earnings on surplus, corporate expenses & other as well as Corporate segment results are not included.

                                  Lifeco Earnings by Lines of Business
                                                                                                                                  For the three months ended                                    For the nine months ended
                                                                                                                        Sept. 30                 June 30               Sept. 30                  Sept. 30           Sept. 30
                                                                                                                         2025                     2025              2024 (Restated)               2025           2024 (Restated)
                                      Base earnings (loss)1
                                      Retirement                                                                   $                372 $                   293 $                   336     $            981 $              879
                                      Wealth                                                                                        204                     179                     173                  549                476
                                      Group Benefits                                                                                257                     250                     183                  711                594
                                      Insurance & Risk Solutions                                                                    404                     370                     365                 1,118             1,056
                                      Earnings on surplus                                                                           133                     126                     153                  396                460
                                      Corporate expenses & other                                                                   (145)                     (69)                  (149)                 (351)             (388)
                                      Lifeco base earnings1                                                        $             1,225 $                 1,149 $                 1,061      $           3,404 $           3,077
                                                                                                      2
                                      Lifeco net earnings from continuing operations                               $             1,158 $                    894 $                   859     $           2,912 $           2,895

                                  1    This metric is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details.
                                  2    Refer to the "Glossary" section of this document for additional details on the composition of this measure.

                                  The information in the table above is a summary of base earnings by the Company's lines of business. Additional commentary
                                  regarding base earnings by lines of business is included, as applicable, in the "Segmented Operating Results" section of this
                                  document.
                                  The following discussion and metrics on the Company's lines of business is presented for the total company. Additional
                                  commentary regarding the presented metrics is included, as applicable, in the "Segmented Operating Results" section of this
                                  document.




                                                                                                                                    Great-West Lifeco Inc. Third Quarter 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis            13


                                            B  14                                                         P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Management's Discussion and Analysis



Retirement
The Company has built millions of trusted relationships with customers through the Retirement line of business. These
relationships are based on the consistent delivery of retirement solutions that are delivered at scale through employer
sponsored plans as a core part of the business. The Company is building lifetime customer relationships through a focus on
deepening the value of advice and product solutions to better meet customers' retirement needs.
Selected Financial Results
                                                                                          As at or for the three months ended                             For the nine months ended
                                                                                       Sept. 30                June 30                 Sept. 30            Sept. 30        Sept. 30
                                                                                        2025                    2025                2024 (Restated)         2025        2024 (Restated)
    Base earnings (loss)1                                                         $               372 $                   293 $                336    $           981 $                879
    Retirement net asset flows2                                                               24,146                 (30,838)              (18,391)               591               (32,141)
    Net fee and spread income2                                                                 1,183                   1,119                 1,095              3,456                3,258
    Total client assets1                                                                 2,724,416               2,500,452               2,382,470
    Average client assets2                                                               2,609,015               2,439,776               2,308,906

1     This metric is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details.
2     Refer to the "Glossary" section of this document for additional details on the composition of this measure.

Wealth
In partnership with over 108,000 advisor relationships globally at the start of 2025, the Company is delivering targeted and
sophisticated solutions supported by personalized advice to meet customers’ personal wealth needs. The approach is enabled
through investments in technology platforms and in managed solutions to help advisors continue to meet the evolving needs of
customers.
Selected Financial Results




                                                                                                                                                                                               PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                                                                          As at or for the three months ended                             For the nine months ended
                                                                                       Sept. 30                June 30                 Sept. 30            Sept. 30        Sept. 30
                                                                                        2025                    2025                2024 (Restated)         2025        2024 (Restated)
    Base earnings (loss)1                                                         $               204 $                   179 $                173    $           549 $                476
    Wealth net asset flows2                                                                    2,314                   1,369                 6,780              9,654               13,989
    Net fee and spread income2                                                                    664                     628                  594              1,918                1,710
    Total client assets1                                                                    529,068                 494,782                452,971
    Average client assets2                                                                  511,788                 488,458                439,177
    CSM, segregated fund products                                                              3,254                   3,248                 3,552

1     This metric is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details.
2     Refer to the "Glossary" section of this document for additional details on the composition of this measure.

Group Benefits
The Company has built millions of trusted relationships with customers through the Group Benefits line of business. These
relationships are based on health and wellness benefits that are delivered at scale through employer sponsored plans as a core
part of the business. The Company offers benefit solutions to small, medium and large sized plan sponsors including a wide
range of traditional and specialty group products designed to meet plan members' benefits needs.
Selected Financial Results
                                                                                          As at or for the three months ended                             For the nine months ended
                                                                                       Sept. 30                June 30                 Sept. 30            Sept. 30        Sept. 30
                                                                                        2025                    2025                2024 (Restated)         2025        2024 (Restated)
    Base earnings (loss)1                                                         $               257 $                   250 $                183    $           711 $                594
    Sales - Group Benefits (Insured)2                                                             133                     185                  140                546                  446
    Sales - Group Benefits (ASO & Other)2                                                           33                      67                 216                333                  317
    Fee and other income (ASO & Other)                                                            102                     106                  109                314                  329
    In-force premiums (Insured)2                                                              10,497                 10,309                  9,909

1     This metric is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details.
2     Refer to the "Glossary" section of this document for additional details on the composition of this measure.




                                                                                                   Great-West Lifeco Inc. Third Quarter 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis         14


                                      P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                            B  15
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis



                                  Insurance & Risk Solutions
                                  The Company has a strong and stable insurance base which helps produce capital that is invested in areas of opportunity for
                                  growth. Additionally, with its sophisticated risk and capital management expertise, the Company is helping organizations
                                  manage their risks and deliver sustainable customer solutions. By leveraging this expertise, Lifeco is diversifying its portfolio,
                                  offsetting or counterbalancing risks and creating value for stakeholders including strong financial performance.
                                  Selected Financial Results
                                                                                                                         As at or for the three months ended                                 For the nine months ended
                                                                                                                     Sept. 30                 June 30           Sept. 30                      Sept. 30        Sept. 30
                                                                                                                      2025                     2025          2024 (Restated)                   2025        2024 (Restated)
                                      Base earnings (loss)1                                                      $               404 $                   370 $          365              $           1,118 $        1,056
                                      Sales - Insurance2                                                                         308                     287                    240                    848            630
                                      Sales - Annuities2                                                                         538                     552                  1,468                  1,884          3,655
                                      New business non-participating CSM, excluding segregated
                                        fund products                                                                              55                      59                    180                  257             389
                                      Non-participating CSM, excluding segregated fund
                                        products                                                                              6,948                   7,153                   6,757

                                  1    This metric is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details.
                                  2    Refer to the "Glossary" section of this document for additional details on the composition of this measure.

                                  Segmented Operating Results

                                  The segmented operating results of Lifeco, including the comparative figures, are presented on an IFRS basis. Consolidated
                                  operating results for Lifeco comprise the results of Empower, Canada Life (and its operating subsidiaries), Lifeco's corporate
                                  results (including PanAgora Asset Management) as well as results from Putnam Investments, reported as discontinued




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  operations. The following sections analyze the performance of Lifeco's four major reportable segments: United States (U.S.),
                                  Canada, Europe and Capital and Risk Solutions.
                                  Translation of Foreign Currency
                                  For the United States, Europe and Capital and Risk Solutions segments, foreign currency assets and liabilities are translated
                                  into Canadian dollars at the market rate at the end of the financial period. All income and expense items are translated at an
                                  average rate for the period.

                                  United States
                                  The United States segment comprises two distinct lines of business: Empower Workplace, which is aligned with the Retirement
                                  line of business, and Empower Wealth. The United States segment operating results for Lifeco include the results of Empower
                                  Annuity Insurance Company of America (Empower) and an allocation of a portion of Lifeco's Corporate results. The U.S.
                                  segment also includes the results of Putnam Investments classified as discontinued operations in 2024.
                                  2025 Developments
                                  •       During the first quarter of 2025, Empower announced a new consumer-directed healthcare (CDH) offering to help
                                          individuals manage their healthcare finances. Empower will offer benefits such as health savings accounts (HSAs), flexible
                                          spending accounts (FSAs), health reimbursement arrangements (HRAs), voluntary employees’ beneficiary association
                                          plans (VEBAs), wellness incentives, lifestyle benefits, and more. Empower is working with Alegeus Technologies, LLC, to
                                          incorporate the integrated set of CDH benefits into Empower's digital platform under the Empower brand. With a track
                                          record of more than 25 years, Alegeus delivers consumer-directed benefit accounts for over 75,000 employers and more
                                          than 10 million participants.
                                  •       During the second quarter of 2025, Empower announced a new investment option for retirement plan participants
                                          incorporating private market opportunities in equity, credit, and real estate into advised defined contribution retirement
                                          plans. The initiative was launched in collaboration with asset managers including Apollo, Franklin Templeton, Goldman
                                          Sachs, Neuberger Berman, PIMCO, Partners Group, and Sagard. The investments are included as part of Collective
                                          Investment Trust (CIT) offerings and are intended to provide plan participants with diversified investment options which
                                          were previously limited to institutional and high-net-worth investors.
                                  •       During the third quarter of 2025, Empower Personal Wealth surpassed $100 billion in assets under administration. Since its
                                          launch in 2023, the business has maintained a compound annual growth rate of approximately 25% and recorded an 73%
                                          year over year increase in net flows. This growth is supported through strategic acquisitions, as well as continued client
                                          adoption of the firm's digital financial tools and advisor-led services. Amid rising demand for wealth management services,
                                          Empower Personal Wealth is well positioned to capture market share arising from the intergenerational wealth transfer.



                                                                                                                                 Great-West Lifeco Inc. Third Quarter 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis          15


                                            B  16                                                      P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Management's Discussion and Analysis



Selected Financial Information
    Base earnings and net earnings from continuing
    operations
                                                                                                      For the three months ended                               For the nine months ended
                                                                                             Sept. 30                 June 30               Sept. 30            Sept. 30           Sept. 30
                                                                                              2025                     2025              2024 (Restated)         2025           2024 (Restated)
    Base earnings (loss) (US$)1
        Retirement                                                                      $                227 $                  175 $               212    $           592 $               547
        Wealth                                                                                            61                      43                 44                144                 120
        Earnings on surplus                                                                               29                      29                 31                    83               89
    Base earnings (loss) (US$)1                                                         $                317 $                  247 $               287 $              819 $               756
        Items excluded from base earnings (US$)                                                           (45)                   (25)                (13)               (88)                (97)
    Net earnings from continuing operations (US$)2                                      $                272 $                  222 $               274    $           731 $               659
                                       1
    Base earnings (loss) (C$)                                                           $                436 $                  341 $               390    $         1,142 $             1,027
    Net earnings from continuing operations (C$)2                                       $                376 $                  305 $               373    $         1,019 $               896
1       This metric is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details.
2       Refer to the "Glossary" section of this document for additional details on the composition of this measure.


Base earnings and net earnings from continuing operations
Base earnings of US$317 million increased by US$30 million compared to the same quarter last year, primarily due to:
    •      higher fee income driven by higher asset levels resulting from higher equity markets, and growth in both lines of business;
           and




                                                                                                                                                                                                   PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
    •      partially offset by an increase in operating expenses incurred to support the growth in both lines of business.
Net earnings from continuing operations for the third quarter of 2025 decreased by US$2 million to US$272 million compared
to the same quarter last year. Items excluded from base earnings were negative US$45 million for the third quarter of 2025
compared to negative US$13 million a year ago, primarily due to:
    •      guaranty fund assessment fees associated with an acquired business recognized during the current quarter;
    •      less favourable market experience relative to expectations; and
    •      partially offset by certain income tax credits recognized in quarter.
For the nine months ended September 30 2025, base earnings of US$819 million increased by US$63 million compared to the
same period last year, primarily due to:
    •      higher fee income driven by higher asset levels resulting from higher equity markets, and growth in both lines of business.
    This was partially offset by the following items in Retirement:
    •      higher credit-related impacts on invested assets; and
    •      higher paid crediting rates and lower asset volumes resulting in lower margins.
For the nine months ended September 30, 2025, net earnings from continuing operations increased by US$72 million to
US$731 million compared to the same period last year. Items excluded from base earnings were negative US$88 million for the
nine months ended September 30, 2025 compared to negative US$97 million a year ago, primarily due to higher restructuring
and integration expenses in the prior year as well as the same reasons discussed for the in-quarter results.




                                                                                                        Great-West Lifeco Inc. Third Quarter 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis       16


                                           P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                             B  17
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis



                                      Additional financial information
                                                                                                                             As at or for the three months ended                                  For the nine months ended
                                                                                                                          Sept. 30                June 30               Sept. 30                   Sept. 30      Sept. 30
                                                                                                                           2025                    2025              2024 (Restated)                2025      2024 (Restated)
                                      Net asset flows - (US$)1
                                        Retirement                                                                   $           17,079 $               (22,159) $              (13,746) $                 123 $     (24,522)
                                        Wealth                                                                                    3,370                   2,946                   2,363                  9,084         5,263
                                      Net asset flows - (US$)1                                                       $           20,449 $               (19,213) $              (11,383) $               9,207 $     (19,259)
                                      Net asset flows - (C$)1                                                        $           28,221 $               (26,515) $              (15,479) $              13,104 $     (26,155)

                                      Net fee and spread income (US$)1
                                        Retirement                                                                   $               744 $                   705 $                   700      $          2,156 $       2,094
                                        Wealth                                                                                       201                     183                     163                   555           464
                                      Net fee and spread income (US$)1                                               $               945 $                   888 $                   863      $          2,711 $       2,558
                                      Net fee and spread income (C$)1                                                $             1,303 $                 1,225 $                1,174       $          3,782 $       3,479

                                      Assets under administration (US$)2
                                          Assets under management or advisement2                                     $         405,245 $                381,447 $              355,406
                                          Assets under administration only1                                                  1,572,403               1,470,351              1,413,561
                                      Total client assets (US$)2                                                     $       1,977,648 $             1,851,798 $            1,768,967

                                      Total assets under administration (US$)2                                       $       2,015,439 $             1,889,320 $            1,810,769
                                      Total assets under administration (C$)2                                        $       2,801,461 $             2,569,474 $            2,444,541
                                                                            1
                                      Average client assets (US$)




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                          Average client assets - Retirement                                         $       1,804,967 $             1,686,764 $            1,619,103
                                          Average client assets - Wealth                                                       101,676                   93,511                  81,998
                                      Total average client assets (US$)1                                             $       1,906,643 $             1,780,275 $            1,701,101
                                      Total average client assets (C$)1                                              $       2,631,167 $             2,456,779 $            2,313,497

                                  1       Refer to the "Glossary" section of this document for additional details on the composition of this measure.
                                  2       This metric is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details.

                                  Net asset flows
                                  In the third quarter of 2025, net asset inflows were US$20.4 billion, compared to net asset outflows of US$11.4 billion for the
                                  same quarter last year, primarily due to the following:
                                      •      higher large plan sales and lower plan terminations in Retirement; and
                                      •      improved rollover results in Wealth.
                                  Large plan sales and terminations can be highly variable from period to period and tend to result in lower margins but
                                  nonetheless contribute to covering fixed overhead costs. The number of participants at the end of the third quarter of 2025
                                  increased from the end of the third quarter of 2024 in both Retirement and Wealth.
                                  For the nine months ended September 30, 2025, net asset inflows were US$9.2 billion compared to net asset outflows of
                                  US$19.3 billion for the same period last year, primarily due to the same reasons discussed for the in-quarter results.

                                  Canada
                                  The Canada segment comprises four distinct lines of business: Retirement, Wealth, Group Benefits and Insurance & Annuities.
                                  The segment includes the operating results of the Canadian businesses operated by Canada Life, together with an allocation of
                                  a portion of Lifeco's Corporate results.
                                  2025 Developments
                                  •          Advancing digital experience across different lines, including mobile experience, underwriting decisions, and disability
                                             sponsor support.
                                  •          Launched suite of Index ETF segregated funds – solutions provide value of passive investment while offering the benefits of
                                             a Canada Life segregated funds policy.




                                                                                                                                    Great-West Lifeco Inc. Third Quarter 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis         17


                                              B  18                                                       P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Management's Discussion and Analysis



Selected Financial Information
    Base earnings and net earnings
                                                                                                For the three months ended                                 For the nine months ended
                                                                                       Sept. 30                 June 30                 Sept. 30            Sept. 30           Sept. 30
                                                                                        2025                     2025                2024 (Restated)         2025           2024 (Restated)
    Base earnings (loss)1
        Retirement                                                                $                 50 $                   42 $                  40    $           130 $               112
        Wealth                                                                                      65                     53                    63                172                 178
        Group Benefits                                                                             175                    186                   147                504                 465
        Insurance & Annuities                                                                       63                     53                    67                174                 186
      Earnings on surplus                                                                           25                      25                   39                    76              112
      Other                                                                                          (7)                    16                   —                      6                3
    Base earnings (loss)1                                                         $                371 $                  375 $                 356    $         1,062 $             1,056
      Items excluded from base earnings                                                            112                   (120)                  143                 (23)               207
    Net earnings - common shareholders                                            $                483 $                  255 $                 499    $         1,039 $             1,263
1       This metric is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details.

Base and net earnings
Base earnings increased by $15 million compared to the same quarter last year, primarily due to:
    •      higher Group Benefits earnings from favourable long-term disability morbidity experience;
    •      higher Wealth and Retirement earnings from asset growth driven by market appreciation; and
    •      lower income on surplus driven by lower interest rates.
Net earnings for the third quarter of 2025 decreased by $16 million compared to the same quarter last year. Items excluded




                                                                                                                                                                                              PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
from base earnings decreased by $31 million to positive $112 million including:
    •      assumption changes and management actions were positive $33 million compared to positive $106 million for the same
           quarter last year. Refer to the "Assumption Changes and Management Actions" section of this document for additional
           details; and
    •      market experience relative to expectations was positive $86 million in the third quarter of 2025, compared to positive $43
           million in the prior year, primarily due to favourable impacts of risk-free interest rates and credit spreads.
For the nine months ended September 30, 2025, net earnings decreased by $224 million and base earnings increased by $6
million compared to the same period last year. The increase in base earnings was primarily due to the same reasons discussed
for the in-quarter results.
Items excluded from base earnings were negative $23 million compared to positive $207 million for the same period last year,
primarily due to:
    •      a restructuring provision recorded in the second quarter of 2025; and
    •      less favourable impact of assumption changes and management actions.
For the third quarter of 2025, net loss attributable to the participating account was $21 million compared to a net loss of $2
million for the same quarter last year, primarily due to past experience variances impacting earnings on surplus in the current
quarter.
For the nine months ended September 30, 2025, the net loss attributable to the participating account was $1 million compared
to net earnings of $75 million for the same period last year, primarily due to the same reasons discussed for the in-quarter
results.




                                                                                                    Great-West Lifeco Inc. Third Quarter 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis       18


                                       P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                             B  19
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis



                                      Additional financial information
                                                                                                                             As at or for the three months ended                                  For the nine months ended
                                                                                                                          Sept. 30                June 30               Sept. 30                   Sept. 30           Sept. 30
                                                                                                                           2025                    2025              2024 (Restated)                2025           2024 (Restated)
                                      Sales1
                                          Group Benefits (Insured)1                                                  $                67 $                    97 $                    67      $             289 $               249
                                          Group Benefits (ASO & Other)1                                                               33                      67                     216                    333                 317
                                          Insurance & Annuities                                                                      118                     123                     169                    348                 470

                                      Net asset flows1
                                        Retirement                                                                   $               (74) $                 (567) $                   20 $                (1,120) $              337
                                        Wealth                                                                                      (480)                   (375)                   (193)                   (890)               (975)
                                      Net asset flows1                                                               $              (554) $                 (942) $                 (173) $               (2,010) $             (638)

                                      Net fee and spread income1
                                        Retirement                                                                   $               125 $                   117 $                   116      $             358 $                330
                                        Wealth                                                                                       233                     222                     232                    688                  678
                                      Net fee and spread income1                                                     $               358 $                   339 $                   348      $           1,046 $              1,008

                                      Group Benefits fee and other income (ASO & Other)                              $               102 $                   106 $                   109      $             314 $               329

                                      Assets under administration2
                                        Assets under management or advisement2                                       $         210,822 $               200,025 $               190,365
                                        Assets under administration only1                                                        2,838                   2,786                   2,881
                                      Total client assets2                                                           $         213,660 $               202,811 $               193,246




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                      Total assets under administration2,3                                           $         327,277 $               313,279 $               298,942

                                      Average client assets1
                                          Average client assets - Retirement                                         $           81,823 $                77,521 $                75,091
                                          Average client assets - Wealth                                                       124,216                 119,423                 113,583
                                      Total average client assets1                                                   $         206,039 $               196,944 $               188,674

                                      Contractual service margin
                                          Insurance & Annuities - Non-Participating                                  $               524 $                   690 $                   706
                                        Wealth - Segregated Funds                                                                  1,750                   1,755                  2,003
                                        Insurance & Annuities - Participating                                                      3,222                   3,214                  2,969
                                      Contractual service margin                                                     $             5,496 $                 5,659 $                5,678
                                                                                                     1
                                      Group Benefits in-force premiums (Insured)                                     $             7,497 $                 7,394 $                7,296

                                  1       Refer to the "Glossary" section of this document for additional details on the composition of this measure.
                                  2       This metric is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details.
                                  3       At September 30, 2025, Canada Life had $7.5 billion of proprietary mutual fund assets held by retail clients ($7.3 billion at December 31, 2024). $3.5 billion ($3.4 billion as at
                                          December 31, 2024) of these assets are consolidated as investment on account of segregated fund policyholders on the Company's balance sheet.

                                  Sales
                                  Canada sales for the third quarter of 2025 included:
                                      •      Group Benefits (ASO & Other) sales decreased by $183 million compared to the same quarter last year, primarily due to a
                                             one-time additional sale made to the Public Service Health Care Plan in the prior year that did not repeat.
                                      •      Insurance and annuities sales decreased by $51 million compared to the same quarter last year, primarily due to lower
                                             participating product sales, partially offset by stronger Universal Life sales.
                                  Canada sales for the nine months ended September 30, 2025 included:
                                      •      Group Benefits (Insured) sales increased by $40 million compared to the same period last year, primarily due to
                                             continuing improvement in small and large case sales.
                                      •      Group Benefits (ASO & Other) sales increased by $16 million compared to the same period last year, due to higher creditor
                                             sales.
                                      •      Insurance and annuities sales decreased by $122 million due to lower participating product sales.




                                                                                                                                      Great-West Lifeco Inc. Third Quarter 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis               19


                                               B  20                                                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Management's Discussion and Analysis




Net asset flows
In the third quarter of 2025, net asset outflows were $554 million compared to net asset outflows of $173 million for the same
quarter last year, primarily due to:
    •   higher retirement terminations and third party wealth mutual fund outflows; and
    •   partially offset by improved segregated funds flows and sales.
For the nine months ended September 30, 2025, net asset outflows were $2,010 million compared to net asset outflows of $638
million for the same period last year, primarily due to the same reasons discussed above for in-quarter results.

Europe
The Europe segment comprises four distinct lines of business: Retirement, Wealth, Group Benefits and Insurance & Annuities.
The segment serves customers in the United Kingdom (U.K.) and Germany operating under the Canada Life brand and Ireland
under the Irish Life brand along with other acquired brands within the intermediary and wealth markets in Ireland. The
segment's results also include an allocation of a portion of Lifeco's Corporate results.
2025 Developments
•       In the third quarter of 2025, Canada Life U.K. offshore bond sales reached £0.6 billion ($1.1 billion), marking the highest
        year-to-date sales on record of £2.2 billion ($4.1 billion).
•       In the third quarter of 2025, Irish Life Cornmarket, Ireland’s largest public sector financial services broker, acquired Marsh
        Ireland’s personal insurance business, adding over 28,000 policies to its portfolio. This strategic transaction strengthens
        Cornmarket’s position in the General Insurance market and supports long-term growth in both the public sector and
        broader consumer segments.
•       On October 1, 2025, the Company's European asset management businesses officially transitioned to a single legal entity,




                                                                                                                                                                               PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
        bringing together Irish Life Investment Managers, Setanta, and Canada Life Asset Management’s third-party business
        under one organization. The new global brand has been revealed as Keyridge Asset Management. Keyridge has Assets
        Under Management of over $245 billion (€150 billion) and employs more than 300 investment professionals. This
        integration enhances brand strength, broadens product offerings, and creates a European investment hub to support
        third-party distribution growth. Future growth will be driven by operational efficiencies, talent development, and strategic
        partnerships in the UK and North American markets.
•       In September 2025, Canada Life Germany launched a new version of their occupational pension product which allows for
        customers to flex the levels of risk they are willing to accept, which provides an opportunity for the customer for greater
        returns while also supporting the business’s capital efficiency ambitions.




                                                                                        Great-West Lifeco Inc. Third Quarter 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis    20


                           P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                            B  21
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis



                                  Selected Financial Information
                                      Base earnings and net earnings
                                                                                                                                For the three months ended                                    For the nine months ended
                                                                                                                      Sept. 30                 June 30               Sept. 30                  Sept. 30       Sept. 30
                                                                                                                       2025                     2025              2024 (Restated)               2025       2024 (Restated)
                                      Base earnings (loss)1
                                          Retirement                                                             $                  10 $                    8 $                     9     $            25 $            26
                                          Wealth                                                                                    56                     68                      50                 178             134
                                          Group Benefits                                                                            82                     64                      36                 207             129
                                          Insurance & Annuities                                                                     95                    104                      94                 288             286
                                          Earnings on surplus                                                                       23                      18                     35                  69             111
                                      Base earnings (loss)1                                                      $                266 $                   262 $                   224     $            767 $          686
                                          Items excluded from base earnings                                                        (78)                  (136)                     (80)               (286)           (95)
                                      Net earnings - common shareholders                                         $                188 $                   126 $                   144     $           481 $           591
                                  1       This metric is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details.

                                  Base and net earnings
                                  Base earnings of $266 million increased by $42 million compared to the same quarter last year. The increase in base earnings is
                                  primarily due to:
                                      •      higher Group Benefits earnings from favourable group benefits experience in the U.K. and positive mortality experience in
                                             Ireland, partially offset by unfavourable group morbidity experience in Ireland;
                                      •      higher Wealth earnings from higher fee income driven by AUMA growth;
                                      •      the positive impact of currency movements across all lines of business; and




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                      •      partially offset by lower earnings on surplus resulting from dividends paid to the parent holding company.
                                  Net earnings for the third quarter of 2025 increased by $44 million compared to the same quarter last year. Items excluded from
                                  base earnings increased by $2 million to negative $78 million:
                                      •      assumption changes and management actions were positive $8 million compared to negative $51 million for the same
                                             period last year. Refer to the "Assumption Changes and Management Actions" section of this document for additional
                                             details;
                                      •      market experience relative to expectations was negative $67 million in the third quarter of 2025, compared to negative $23
                                             million in the prior year, primarily due to reductions in property market values and the impact of a reduction in credit
                                             spreads in the U.K.; and
                                      •      business transformation and other impacts were negative $15 million compared to nil for the same period last year,
                                             primarily due to higher restructuring costs.
                                  For the nine months ended September 30, 2025, net earnings of $481 million decreased by $110 million compared to the same
                                  period last year. Base earnings of $767 million increased by $81 million compared to the same period last year, primarily due to:
                                      •      higher Group Benefits earnings from favourable experience in the U.K. and Ireland;
                                      •      higher Wealth earnings from higher fee income driven by AUMA growth;
                                      •      positive impact of currency movements across all lines of business; and
                                      •      partially offset by lower earnings on surplus resulting from dividends paid to the parent holding company.
                                  Items excluded from base earnings were negative $286 million compared to negative $95 million for the same period last year,
                                  primarily due to the same reasons discussed for the in-quarter results.




                                                                                                                                  Great-West Lifeco Inc. Third Quarter 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis          21


                                              B  22                                                     P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Management's Discussion and Analysis



    Additional financial information
                                                                                            As at or for the three months ended                             For the nine months ended
                                                                                         Sept. 30                June 30                 Sept. 30            Sept. 30        Sept. 30
                                                                                          2025                    2025                2024 (Restated)         2025        2024 (Restated)
    Sales1
        Group Benefits (Insured)1                                                   $                66 $                    88 $                 73    $           257 $               197
        Insurance & Annuities                                                                       728                     716                1,539              2,384               3,815

    Net asset flows1
      Retirement                                                                    $              650 $                   309 $                 282    $         1,281 $               838
      Wealth                                                                                    (1,857)                 (2,321)                3,759             (2,130)              7,803
      Insurance & Annuities                                                                          21                     21                    20                  60                 41
    Net asset flows1                                                                $            (1,186) $              (1,991) $              4,061    $           (789) $           8,682

    Net fee and spread income1
      Retirement                                                                    $                32 $                    29 $                 27    $            89 $               82
      Wealth                                                                                        154                     154                  140                457                399
    Net fee and spread income1                                                      $               186 $                   183 $                167    $           546 $              481

    Assets under administration2
        Assets under management or advisement2                                      $         285,669 $               269,153 $              249,649
        Assets under administration only1                                                       5,224                   4,826                  4,438
    Total client assets2                                                            $         290,893 $               273,979 $              254,087

    Total assets under administration2,3                                            $         349,126 $               332,475 $              311,392




                                                                                                                                                                                              PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  1
    Average client assets
        Average client assets - Retirement                                          $          36,338 $                34,521 $               31,835
        Average client assets - Wealth                                                        247,259                 239,990                214,077
    Total average client assets1                                                    $         283,597 $               274,511 $              245,912

    Contractual service margin
        Insurance & Annuities - Non-Participating                                   $             3,851 $                3,885 $               3,713
        Wealth - Segregated Funds                                                                 1,549                  1,549                 1,564
    Contractual service margin                                                      $             5,400 $                5,434 $               5,277

    Group Benefits in-force premiums (Insured)1                                     $             3,000 $                2,915 $               2,613

1       Refer to the "Glossary" section of this document for additional details on the composition of this measure.
2       This metric is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details.
3       At September 30, 2025, total assets under administration excludes $22.9 billion of assets managed for other business units within the Lifeco group of companies ($20.6 billion at
        June 30, 2025 and $17.8 billion at September 30, 2024).

Sales
Europe sales for the third quarter of 2025 included:
    •      Group Benefits (Insured) sales decreased by $7 million compared to the same quarter last year, primarily due to lower
           group sales in Ireland.
    •      Insurance and annuities sales decreased by $811 million compared to the same quarter last year, primarily due to lower
           bulk annuity sales in the U.K., partially offset by increased individual annuity and equity release mortgage sales.
    •      the positive impact of currency movements across all lines of business.
Europe sales for the nine months ended September 30, 2025 included:
    •      Group Benefits (Insured) sales increased by $60 million compared to the same period last year, primarily due to strong
           corporate and voluntary income protection sales in Ireland.
    •      Insurance and annuities sales decreased by $1,431 million compared to the same period last year, primarily due to lower
           bulk and individual annuity sales in the U.K., partially offset by increased bulk annuity sales in Ireland.
    •      the positive impact of currency movements across all lines of business.




                                                                                                     Great-West Lifeco Inc. Third Quarter 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis      22


                                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                            B  23
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis



                                  Net asset flows
                                  In the third quarter of 2025, net asset outflows were $1.2 billion compared to net asset inflows of $4.1 billion for the same
                                  quarter last year, primarily due to:
                                      •      the 80% transfer of U.K.’s Scottish Friendly book in Wealth of $2.4 billion in July 2025; and
                                      •      partially offset by positive wealth net inflows in individual pension and savings and retirement products in Retirement as
                                             well as the impact of currency movement.
                                  For the nine months ended September 30, 2025, net asset outflows were $0.8 billion compared to net asset inflows of $8.7
                                  billion for the same period last year, primarily due to:
                                      •      an institutional wealth client withdrawal in Ireland; and
                                      •      the 80% transfer of U.K.’s Scottish Friendly book in Wealth.
                                  These items were partially offset by:
                                      •      positive net wealth inflows in individual pension and savings and retirement in Retirement; and
                                      •      the impact of currency movements.
                                  Capital and Risk Solutions
                                  The Capital and Risk Solutions segment includes Lifeco's reinsurance business and an allocation of a portion of Lifeco's
                                  Corporate results. Capital and Risk Solutions also includes the results for the Company's legacy international businesses.
                                  At Lifeco, the Capital and Risk Solutions segment results are included in the Insurance & Risk Solutions line of business.
                                  2025 Developments
                                  •          The Capital and Risk Solutions segment continued to grow by providing tailored solutions to customers while increasing
                                             diversification within the portfolio. In 2025, the Capital and Risk Solutions segment continues to prioritize core products




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                             with superior risk-adjusted returns and competitive advantage in the U.S. and Europe, while expanding its international
                                             presence in targeted new markets. During the third quarter of 2025, the Company seized opportunities in the market and
                                             executed numerous strategic transactions, primarily in the capital solutions line of business.
                                  •          The Company offers property catastrophe coverage to reinsurance companies and as a result, the Company is exposed to
                                             potential claims arising from major weather events and other catastrophic events, primarily hurricanes, windstorms and
                                             earthquakes. There were no major catastrophe events in the third quarter of 2025. The Company continues to monitor
                                             potential impacts of recent geopolitical conflicts, which are not expected to have a material effect on financial results.
                                  Selected Financial Information
                                      Base earnings and net earnings
                                                                                                                                For the three months ended                                    For the nine months ended
                                                                                                                      Sept. 30                 June 30               Sept. 30                  Sept. 30       Sept. 30
                                                                                                                       2025                     2025              2024 (Restated)               2025       2024 (Restated)
                                      Base earnings (loss)1
                                        Reinsurance                                                              $                246 $                   213 $                   204     $           656 $           584
                                        Earnings on surplus                                                                        19                      16                      16                  51              40
                                      Base earnings (loss)1                                                      $                265 $                   229 $                   220 $               707 $           624
                                          Items excluded from base earnings                                                        15                      (35)                  (201)                 (49)          (171)
                                      Net earnings - common shareholders                                         $                280 $                   194 $                    19     $           658 $           453

                                  1       This metric is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details.

                                  Base and net earnings
                                  Base earnings increased by $45 million compared to the same quarter last year, primarily driven by:
                                      •      higher Capital Solutions new business volume; and
                                      •      improved Risk Solutions claims experience.
                                  Net earnings for the third quarter of 2025 increased by $261 million compared to the same quarter last year. Items excluded
                                  from base earnings for the third quarter of 2025 were positive $15 million in the third quarter of 2025 compared to negative
                                  $201 million for the same period last year mainly due to:
                                      •      the change in net impact of life and annuity business assumption updates. Refer to the “Assumption Changes and
                                             Management Actions” section of this document for additional details.




                                                                                                                                  Great-West Lifeco Inc. Third Quarter 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis          23


                                              B  24                                                     P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Management's Discussion and Analysis


For the nine months ended September 30, 2025, net earnings increased by $205 million and base earnings increased by $83
million compared to the same period last year primarily due to the same reasons discussed for the in-quarter results.
Items excluded from base earnings for the nine months ended September 30, 2025 were negative $49 million compared to
negative $171 million for the same period last year, primarily due to:
    •      the change in net impact of life and annuity business assumption updates; and
    •      the impact of interest rate and credit spread movements relative to expectations.
    Additional financial information
                                                                                           As at or for the three months ended                             For the nine months ended
                                                                                        Sept. 30                June 30                 Sept. 30            Sept. 30         Sept. 30
                                                                                         2025                    2025                2024 (Restated)         2025         2024 (Restated)
    Run-rate insurance results by product1
        Capital Solutions                                                          $               146 $                   127 $                107    $           392 $               319
        Risk Solutions (excl. P&C)                                                                  94                      92                   90                278                 254
        P&C and other                                                                               21                      21                   19                 60                  61
    Total run-rate insurance results                                               $               261 $                   240 $                216    $           730 $               634

    Total balance sheet assets                                                     $           11,663 $               11,847 $                9,302

    Contractual service margin
        Reinsurance - Non-Participating                                            $             2,510 $                2,513 $               2,284
        Reinsurance - Participating                                                                  1                      1                     1
    Contractual service margin                                                     $             2,511 $                2,514 $               2,285

1       This metric is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details.




                                                                                                                                                                                              PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
Corporate
The Corporate segment includes operating results for activities of Lifeco that are not associated with the major business units of
the Company. These items include:
•          certain overhead expenses, earnings on surplus, financing charges and related taxes not directly associated with the
           operations of the major business units of the Company;
•          the results of PanAgora Asset Management (PanAgora);
•          dividend income from shareholdings in Franklin Resources, Inc. (Franklin Templeton); and
•          the results of the U.S. insurance portfolio including a retained block of life insurance, predominately participating policies,
           which are now administered by Protective Life, as well as a closed life retrocession block and guaranteed lifetime
           withdrawal benefit (GLWB) product.
Selected Financial Information - Corporate
                                                                                                 For the three months ended                                For the nine months ended
                                                                                        Sept. 30                June 30            Sept. 30                 Sept. 30       Sept. 30
                                                                                         2025                    2025           2024 (Restated)              2025       2024 (Restated)
    Base earnings (loss)1                                                          $             (113) $                   (58) $         (129)        $          (274) $         (316)
      Items excluded from base earnings                                                           (56)                       72                 (47)               (11)                  8
    Net earnings (loss) - common shareholders                                      $             (169) $                     14 $              (176)   $          (285) $             (308)

1       This metric is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details.

In the third quarter of 2025, Corporate had a net loss of $169 million compared to a net loss of $176 million for the same quarter
last year. Base loss of $113 million decreased by $16 million compared to the same quarter last year, primarily due to:
    •      higher earnings on surplus;
    •      lower corporate shared services expenses; and
    •      modest favourable contribution from U.S. insurance portfolio.
Items excluded from base earnings for the third quarter of 2025 were negative $56 million compared to negative $47 million for
the same quarter last year, due to:
    •      U.S. insurance portfolio assumption updates; and
    •      less unfavourable market experience relative to expectations.


                                                                                                    Great-West Lifeco Inc. Third Quarter 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis       24


                                       P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                            B  25
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis


                                  Refer to the “Assumption Changes and Management Actions” section of this document for additional details.
                                  For the nine months ended September 30, 2025, Lifeco Corporate had a net loss of $285 million compared to a net loss of $308
                                  million for the same period last year. Base loss of $274 million decreased by $42 million compared to the same period last year,
                                  primarily driven by:
                                   •   higher earnings on surplus;
                                   •   changes in certain tax estimates relating to prior year tax matters; and
                                   •   partially offset by higher debt financing and corporate shared service expenses.
                                  For the nine months ended September 30, 2025, items excluded from base earnings were negative $11 million compared to
                                  positive $8 million for the same period last year, primarily due to:
                                   •   more unfavourable market experience relative to expectations;
                                   •   as well as the same reasons discussed for the in-quarter results; and
                                   •   partially offset by provision releases related to the 2003 acquisition of Canada Life Financial Corporation from the prior
                                       quarter.
                                  Consolidated Financial Position

                                  Assets
                                  Total assets
                                                                                                                                    As at September 30, 2025                       As at December 31, 2024
                                  Cash and cash equivalents                                                                         $                           10,736        $                     10,709
                                  Bonds                                                                                                                        171,482                             167,114




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  Mortgage loans                                                                                                                38,107                              38,879
                                  Stocks                                                                                                                        20,894                              18,826
                                  Investment properties                                                                                                          8,149                               8,257
                                  Invested assets                                                                                   $                          249,368        $                    243,785

                                  Insurance contract assets                                                                                                       1,505                               1,193
                                  Reinsurance contract held assets                                                                                              17,311                              17,842
                                  Goodwill and intangible assets                                                                                                16,264                              16,386
                                  Other assets                                                                                                                  27,249                              26,571
                                  Investments on account of segregated fund policyholders                                                                      546,979                             496,386
                                  Total assets                                                                                      $                          858,676        $                    802,163

                                  Total assets increased by $56.5 billion at September 30, 2025 from December 31, 2024.
                                  Invested assets at September 30, 2025 increased by $5.6 billion compared to December 31, 2024. The increase was primarily
                                  due to an increase in fair value of bonds resulting from a decrease in bond yields in the Canada and U.S. segments.
                                  Investments on account of segregated fund policyholders at September 30, 2025 increased by $50.6 billion compared to
                                  December 31, 2024. The increase was primarily due to the net impact of market value gains of $38.7 billion, the positive impact
                                  of currency movement of $5.5 billion, net investment income of $4.0 billion as well as net deposits of $1.5 billion.
                                  Invested Assets
                                  The Company manages its general fund assets to support the cash flow, liquidity and profitability requirements of the
                                  Company's insurance and investment products. The Company's investment policies are designed to be prudent and
                                  conservative, so that assets are not unduly exposed to concentration, credit or market risks. Within the framework of the
                                  Company’s policies, the Company implements strategies and reviews and adjusts them on an ongoing basis considering
                                  liability cash flows and capital market conditions. The majority of investments of the general fund are in medium-term and
                                  long-term fixed-income investments, primarily bonds and mortgages, reflecting the characteristics of the Company’s liabilities.
                                  Bond portfolio
                                  It is the Company's policy to acquire primarily investment grade bonds subject to prudent and well-defined investment
                                  policies. Modest investments in below investment grade rated securities may occur while not changing the overall discipline
                                  and conservative approach to the investment strategy. The total bond portfolio, including short-term investments, was $171.5
                                  billion or 69% of invested assets at September 30, 2025 compared to $167.1 billion or 69% at December 31, 2024. The increase in
                                  the bond portfolio was primarily due to an increase in fair values resulting from a decrease in bond yields in the Canada and



                                                                                                               Great-West Lifeco Inc. Third Quarter 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis                25


                                        B  26                                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Management's Discussion and Analysis


U.S. segments. The overall quality of the bond portfolio remained high, with 98% of the portfolio rated investment grade and
69% rated A or higher.
Bond credit ratings reflect bond rating agency activity up to September 30, 2025. Management continues to closely monitor
bond rating agency activity and general market conditions.
    Bond portfolio quality
                                                                                                          As at September 30, 2025                  As at December 31, 2024
       AAA                                                                                            $          25,362                15 % $           24,462            15 %
       AA                                                                                                        31,003                18               32,310            19
       A                                                                                                         62,495                36               60,041            36
       BBB                                                                                                       49,776                29               47,936            29
       BB or lower                                                                                                2,846                 2                 2,365             1
    Total                                                                                             $        171,482               100 % $            167,114                 100 %

Mortgage portfolio
It is the Company’s practice to acquire high quality commercial mortgages meeting strict underwriting standards and
diversification criteria. The Company has a well-defined risk-rating system, which it uses in its underwriting and credit
monitoring processes for commercial loans. The majority of the commercial mortgages held in the Europe segment are carried
at amortized cost and therefore there are no fair value movements recorded on these holdings. The Canada, Europe and
Capital and Risk Solutions segments also hold equity release mortgages within the mortgage portfolio. Equity release
mortgages are loans provided to people who want to continue living in their homes while accessing some of the underlying
equity value in their homes. Loans are typically repaid when the borrower dies or moves into long-term care.

                                                                                   As at September 30, 2025                                    As at December 31, 2024




                                                                                                                                                                                           PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
    Mortgage loans by type                                Insured1                 Non-insured         Total                                    Total
      Single family residential                     $                189       $                727       $               916             3% $       1,225           3%
      Multi-family residential                                     2,646                      6,629                     9,275            24          9,568          25
      Equity release                                                  —                       5,481                     5,481            14          4,818          12
       Commercial                                                       —                   22,435                    22,435             59               23,268                 60
    Total                                           $              2,835       $            35,272        $           38,107           100 % $            38,879                100 %

1    Insured mortgages include mortgages where insurance is provided by a third party and protects the Company in the event that the borrower is unable to fulfill their mortgage
     obligations.

The total mortgage portfolio was $38.1 billion or 15% of invested assets at September 30, 2025, compared to $38.9 billion or 16%
of invested assets at December 31, 2024. At September 30, 2025, total insured loans were $2.8 billion or 7% of the mortgage
portfolio, compared to $2.8 billion or 7% at December 31, 2024.
Derivative Financial Instruments
During the third quarter of 2025, there were no major changes to the Company's policies and procedures with respect to the
use of derivative financial instruments. The Company’s derivative transactions are generally governed by the International
Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (ISDA) Master Agreement, which provide for legally enforceable set-off and close-out
netting of exposure to specific counterparties in the event of an early termination of a transaction, which includes, but is not
limited to, events of default and bankruptcy. In the event of an early termination, the Company is permitted to set off
receivables from a counterparty against payables to the same counterparty, in the same legal entity, arising out of all included
transactions. The Company’s ISDA Master Agreement may include Credit Support Annex provisions, which require both the
pledging and accepting of collateral in connection with its derivative transactions.
At September 30, 2025, total financial collateral, including initial margin and overcollateralization, received on derivative assets
was $1.3 billion ($1.7 billion at December 31, 2024) and pledged on derivative liabilities was $2.2 billion ($2.1 billion at
December 31, 2024). Collateral received on derivative assets decreased in 2025, primarily driven by the impact of the Euro and
British pound strengthening against the U.S. dollar on cross-currency swaps that pay Euro or Pounds and receive U.S. dollars.
Collateral pledged on derivative assets increased in 2025, primarily due to Euro and British pound strengthening against
Japanese yen on cross-currency swaps that pay Euro or Pounds and receive Japanese yen.
During the nine months ended September 30, 2025, the outstanding notional amount of derivative contracts increased by $6.5
billion to $69.6 billion compared to December 31, 2024, primarily due to an increase in volume of regular hedging activities.
The Company’s exposure to derivative counterparty credit risk, which reflects the current fair value of those instruments in a
gain position, decreased to $2.0 billion at September 30, 2025 from $2.4 billion at December 31, 2024. The decrease was



                                                                                               Great-West Lifeco Inc. Third Quarter 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis         26


                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                            B  27
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis


                                  primarily due to the Euro and British pound strengthening against the U.S. dollar on cross-currency swaps that pay Euro or
                                  Pounds and receive U.S. dollars. All derivative counterparties had investment grade ratings as of September 30, 2025.

                                  Liabilities
                                  Total liabilities
                                                                                                                                     As at September 30, 2025                       As at December 31, 2024
                                   Insurance contract liabilities                                                                   $                          160,458        $                      155,683
                                   Reinsurance contract held liabilities                                                                                           965                                   795
                                   Investment contract liabilities                                                                                              90,191                                90,157
                                   Other general fund liabilities                                                                                               26,868                                26,488
                                   Insurance contracts on account of segregated fund policyholders                                                              70,505                                66,343
                                   Investment contracts on account of segregated fund policyholders                                                            476,474                              430,043
                                  Total                                                                                             $                          825,461        $                     769,509


                                  Total liabilities increased by $56.0 billion to $825.5 billion at September 30, 2025 from December 31, 2024.
                                  Insurance contract liabilities increased by $4.8 billion. The increase was primarily due to
                                   •   the impact of market movements;
                                   •   the impact of currency movements;
                                   •   partially offset by normal business movements.
                                  Investment contract liabilities increased by $34 million. The increase was primarily due to:
                                   •   the impact of market movements;




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                   •   partially offset by the impact of currency movements.
                                  Other general fund liabilities increased by $380 million. The increase was primarily due to:
                                   •   an increase in other liabilities and derivative financial instruments;
                                   •   partially offset by a decrease in debentures and other debt instruments.
                                  Investment and insurance contracts on account of segregated fund policyholders increased by $50.6 billion, primarily due to:
                                   •   the net impact of market value gains of $38.7 billion;
                                   •   the impact of currency movement of $5.5 billion;
                                   •   net investment income of $4.0 billion; and
                                   •   net deposits of $1.5 billion.
                                  Insurance and investment contract liabilities represent the amounts that, together with estimated future premiums and
                                  investment income, will be sufficient to pay estimated future benefits, dividends and expenses on policies in-force. Insurance
                                  and investment contract liabilities are determined using generally accepted actuarial practices, according to standards
                                  established by the Canadian Institute of Actuaries. Also, refer to the "Summary of Critical Accounting Estimates" section of the
                                  Company's Annual MD&A for the year ended December 31, 2024 for details on impairment testing of these assets.
                                  Contractual Service Margin
                                  The CSM of a group of insurance contracts represents the unearned profit that the Company expects to recognize in the future
                                  as it provides services under those contracts. On initial recognition of a group of insurance contracts, if the total of the
                                  fulfilment cash flows, any derecognized assets for insurance acquisition cash flows and any cash flows arising at that date is a
                                  net inflow, then the group is classified as non-onerous. For non-onerous contracts, the CSM is measured as the equal and
                                  opposite amount of the net inflow, which results in no income or expenses arising on initial recognition.
                                  If the total present value is a net outflow, then the group of insurance contracts is onerous. In this case, the net outflow is
                                  recognized as a loss in the current period. A loss component is created to depict any losses recognized in the current period,
                                  which determines the amounts that are subsequently recognized in future periods as reversals on onerous groups.




                                                                                                                Great-West Lifeco Inc. Third Quarter 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis            27


                                        B  28                                         P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Management's Discussion and Analysis



    Contractual service margin continuity1
                                                             Non-Participating (excluding Segregated Funds)
                                                                                                           Capital
                                                         United                                           and Risk
                                                         States         Canada              Europe        Solutions             Total         Seg Funds    Participating         Total
    CSM beginning of period,                         $          55     $        690     $      3,664      $      2,436      $        6,845    $   3,268    $       3,255     $         13,368
    December 31, 2024
        Impact of new insurance business                        —                33              146                 78               257            98               83                 438
        Expected movements from asset                             2              14                68                49               133            93              142                 368
          returns & locked-in rates
        CSM recognized for services                              (6)            (51)             (242)            (199)               (498)        (303)            (115)                (916)
           provided
        Insurance experience gains/losses                         7               (1)              19                21                46           (14)              (50)                (18)
    Organic CSM movement                             $            3    $          (5) $             (9) $           (51) $             (62) $      (126) $            60     $           (128)
        Impact of markets                                       —                 —                —                 —                  —            99              143                 242
        Impact of changes in assumptions                          8            (161)              (12)               21               (144)        (125)              (41)               (310)
        and management actions
        Currency impact                                          (3)              —              208               104                309          138                 (8)               439
    Total CSM movement                               $            8    $       (166) $           187      $          74     $         103     $     (14) $           154     $           243
    CSM end of period, September
    30, 2025                                         $          63     $        524     $      3,851      $      2,510      $        6,948    $   3,254    $       3,409     $         13,611

1       The CSM shown in the above table is presented net of reinsurance contracts held and includes CSM attributed to insurance contract assets and insurance contract liabilities.

At September 30, 2025, total contractual service margin on non-participating business excluding segregated funds was $6.9
billion, an increase of $103 million from December 31, 2024. The increase was mainly driven by:




                                                                                                                                                                                                 PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
    •      currency impacts of $309 million;
    •      partially offset by assumption changes and management actions of negative $144 million and organic CSM movement of
           negative $62 million.
At September 30, 2025, total contractual service margin was $13.6 billion, an increase of $243 million from December 31, 2024.
The increase was mainly driven by:
    •      currency impacts of $439 million and the impact of markets of $242 million;
    •      partially offset by assumption changes and management actions of negative $310 million and organic CSM movement of
           negative $128 million.
Further detail on the assumption changes and management actions on non-participating business is provided in the
"Assumption Changes and Management Actions" section of this document.

Lifeco Capital Structure
In establishing the appropriate mix of capital required to support the operations of the Company and its subsidiaries,
management utilizes a variety of debt, equity and other hybrid instruments considering both the short and long-term capital
needs of the Company.
Debentures and Other Debt Instruments
At September 30, 2025, debentures and other debt instruments decreased by $732 million to $8,737 million compared to
December 31, 2024, primarily due to the repayment of US$500 million ($689 million) senior notes upon maturity in the third
quarter of 2025.
Share Capital and Surplus
Share capital outstanding at September 30, 2025 was $10.5 billion, which comprises $6.0 billion of common shares and $2.9
billion of preferred shares and $1.5 billion Limited Recourse Capital Notes (LRCN Series 1). Preferred shares included $2.67
billion of non-cumulative First Preferred Shares and $250 million of non-cumulative 5-year rate reset First Preferred Shares.
The Company completed a preferred share offering for gross proceeds of $200 million in the third quarter of 2025.
The Company renewed its normal course issuer bid (NCIB) effective January 6, 2025 for one year to purchase and cancel up to
20,000,000 of its common shares at market prices in order to mitigate the dilutive effect of stock options granted under the
Company's Stock Option Plan and for other capital management purposes. Effective January 6, 2025, the Company entered into
an automatic share purchase plan (ASPP). The ASPP is intended to facilitate repurchases of common shares under the NCIB,
including at times when the Company would ordinarily not be permitted to make purchases due to regulatory restrictions or

                                                                                                    Great-West Lifeco Inc. Third Quarter 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis          28


                                       P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                            B  29
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis


                                  self-imposed blackout periods. All purchases of common shares made under the ASPP are included in determining the number
                                  of common shares purchased under the NCIB. Any common shares purchased by the Corporation pursuant to the NCIB will
                                  be cancelled.
                                  Effective on September 3, 2025, the Company amended its current NCIB to increase the maximum remaining number of
                                  common shares that may be repurchased by a further 20,000,000. Additionally, the Toronto Stock Exchange has approved an
                                  amendment that permits the Company to purchase its shares from Power Financial Corporation and certain of its wholly-
                                  owned subsidiaries (collectively, PFC) in connection with the NCIB, in order for PFC to maintain its proportionate percentage
                                  ownership in the Company.
                                  During the nine months ended September 30, 2025, the Company repurchased and subsequently cancelled approximately
                                  13.3 million common shares under the current NCIB at an average cost per share of $52.32. The Company intends to
                                  repurchase shares worth $1.5 billion in aggregate for 2025 excluding purchases made to offset option dilution under its share
                                  compensation plans. These share repurchases are made subject to market conditions, the Company's ability to effect the
                                  purchases on a prudent basis, and other strategic opportunities emerging.

                                  Liquidity and Capital Management

                                  Liquidity
                                      Total liquid assets
                                                                                                                   As at September 30, 2025                                         As at December 31, 2024
                                                                                                         On-balance                                                      On-balance
                                                                                                           sheet              Non-liquid/           Net liquid             sheet              Non-liquid/       Net liquid
                                                                                                           assets              Pledged               assets                assets              Pledged           assets
                                      Cash, cash equivalents and short-term bonds




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                        Cash and cash equivalents1                                      $       10,736       $            301     $       10,435        $       10,709       $        339   $       10,370
                                        Short-term bonds2                                                        6,326                    286              6,040                 5,429                348            5,081
                                        Sub-total                                                       $       17,062       $            587     $       16,475        $       16,138       $        687   $       15,451

                                      Other assets and marketable securities
                                        Government bonds2                                               $      40,674        $       10,237       $       30,437        $      40,928        $     11,293   $       29,635
                                        Corporate bonds2                                                      124,482                62,579               61,903              120,757              59,688           61,069
                                        Stocks1                                                                20,894                6,839                14,055               18,826               6,126          12,700
                                        Mortgage loans1                                                        38,107               35,272                 2,835               38,879              36,089           2,790
                                        Sub-total                                                       $     224,157        $     114,927        $      109,230        $     219,390        $    113,196   $     106,194

                                      Total                                                             $     241,219        $     115,514        $      125,705        $     235,528        $    113,883   $     121,645

                                  1    Refer to the consolidated balance sheet in the Company's September 30, 2025 interim consolidated financial statements and December 31, 2024 annual consolidated financial
                                       statements for on-balance sheet amounts.
                                  2    Total short-term bonds, government bonds and corporate bonds as at September 30, 2025 was $171.5 billion ($167.1 billion at December 31, 2024). Refer to the consolidated balance
                                       sheet in the Company's September 30, 2025 condensed consolidated interim unaudited financial statements for on-balance sheet bonds amounts.

                                  The Company’s liquidity requirements are largely self-funded, with short-term obligations being met by internal funds and
                                  maintaining levels of liquid investments adequate to meet anticipated liquidity needs. The Company holds cash, cash
                                  equivalents and short-term bonds at the Lifeco holding company level and with the Lifeco consolidated subsidiary companies.
                                  At September 30, 2025, the Company and its operating subsidiaries held liquid cash, cash equivalents and short-term bonds of
                                  $16.5 billion ($15.5 billion at December 31, 2024) and other liquid assets and marketable securities of $109.2 billion ($106.2
                                  billion at December 31, 2024). Included in the cash, cash equivalents and short-term bonds at September 30, 2025 was $2.5
                                  billion ($2.2 billion at December 31, 2024) held at the Lifeco holding company level which includes cash at Great-West Lifeco
                                  U.S. LLC, the Company's U.S. holding company. In addition, the Company maintains committed lines of credit with Canadian
                                  chartered banks and other revolving credit agreements in the U.S. for potential unanticipated liquidity needs, if required. Refer
                                  to note 6(b) in the Company’s September 30, 2025 condensed consolidated interim unaudited financial statements for
                                  additional detail.
                                  The Company does not have a formal common shareholder dividend policy. The Company maintains a target dividend payout
                                  ratio range of 45% to 55% of base earnings that is considered in dividend decisions. Dividends on outstanding common shares
                                  of the Company are declared and paid at the sole discretion of the Board of Directors of the Company. The decision to declare a
                                  dividend on the common shares of the Company takes into account a variety of factors including the level of earnings,
                                  adequacy of capital and availability of cash resources.



                                                                                                                              Great-West Lifeco Inc. Third Quarter 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis                 29


                                              B  30                                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Management's Discussion and Analysis


As a holding company, the Company’s ability to pay dividends and, in part, its ability to deploy capital is dependent upon the
Company receiving dividends from its operating subsidiaries. The Company’s operating subsidiaries are subject to regulation
in a number of jurisdictions, each of which maintains its own regime for determining the amount of capital that must be held in
connection with the different businesses carried on by the operating subsidiaries. The requirements imposed by the regulators
in any jurisdiction may change from time to time, and thereby impact the ability of the operating subsidiaries to pay dividends
to the Company. In the third quarter of 2025, the Company's main operating subsidiaries made cash payments to the holding
company in the form of dividends amounting to $1.9 billion ($0.8 billion in third quarter of 2024).
Liquidity risk is assessed and mitigated through prudent product design and contract terms; and by maintaining a high quality,
diversified investment portfolio with sufficient liquidity to meet policyholder and financing obligations under normal and
stress conditions. Refer to the "Liquidity Risk" section of the Company's Annual MD&A for the period ended December 31, 2024
for additional information.

Cash Flows
 Cash flows
                                                                                     For the three months ended                         For the nine months ended
                                                                                            September 30                                       September 30
                                                                                       2025                         2024                  2025                     2024
 Cash flows relating to the following activities:
 Operations                                                                   $                1,705       $                963     $            3,023     $              2,751
 Financing                                                                                     (1,337)                      (593)                (2,937)                  (1,770)
 Investment                                                                                          (1)                     (84)                   (15)                   (403)
                                                                                                  367                       286                      71                     578
 Effects of changes in exchange rates on cash and cash
    equivalents                                                                                   137                        19                     (44)                    192




                                                                                                                                                                                    PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
 Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents in the period                                   504                       305                      27                     770
 Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period                                               10,232                       8,582               10,709                     8,117
 Cash and cash equivalents, end of period                                     $               10,736       $               8,887    $          10,736      $              8,887


The principal source of funds for the Company on a consolidated basis is cash provided by operating activities, including
insurance revenue, net investment income and fee income. These funds are used primarily to pay policy benefits, policyholder
dividends and claims, as well as operating expenses and commissions. The operations category on the statement of cash flows
also includes transfers and withdrawals by clients that are funded in part by the sale of assets for cash. Cash flows generated by
operations are mainly invested to support future liability cash requirements. Cash flows related to financing activities include
the issuance and repayment of capital instruments and associated dividends and interest payments.
In the third quarter of 2025, cash and cash equivalents increased by $504 million from June 30, 2025.
 •   Cash flows provided by operations were $1,705 million, an increase of $742 million compared to the third quarter of 2024.
     The increase was primarily due to an improvement in changes in fair value adjustments and higher net sales of portfolio
     investments and higher net earnings after taxes, partially offset by less favourable net changes in insurance, investment
     and reinsurance contract assets and liabilities.
 •   Cash flows used by financing activities of $1,337 million were primarily used for purchasing common shares, repayment of
     a senior note that matured during the quarter, as well as payment of dividends to common shareholders, partially offset by
     issuance of preferred shares.
For the nine months ended September 30, 2025, cash and cash equivalents increased by $27 million from December 31, 2024.
 •   Cash flows provided by operations were $3,023 million, an increase of $272 million compared to the same period last year,
     primarily due to an improvement in net changes in insurance, investment and reinsurance contract assets and liabilities,
     partially offset by higher net purchases of portfolio investments .
 •   Cash flows used by financing activities of $2,937 million were primarily used for the same reasons as discussed for the in-
     quarter results.
Commitments/Contractual Obligations
Commitments/contractual obligations have not changed materially from December 31, 2024.




                                                                                         Great-West Lifeco Inc. Third Quarter 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis        30


                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                            B  31
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis



                                  Capital Management and Adequacy
                                  The Board of Directors reviews and approves an annual capital plan as well as capital transactions undertaken by management
                                  pursuant to the plan. The capital plan is designed to ensure that the Company maintains adequate capital, taking into account
                                  the Company's strategy, risk profile and business plans. The Company has established policies and procedures designed to
                                  identify, measure and report all material risks. Management is responsible for establishing capital management procedures for
                                  implementing and monitoring the capital plan. In addition to undertaking capital transactions, the Company uses and
                                  provides traditional and structured reinsurance to support capital and risk management.
                                  At the holding company level, the Company monitors the amount of consolidated capital available and the amounts deployed
                                  in its various operating subsidiaries. The amount of capital deployed in any particular company or country is dependent upon
                                  local regulatory requirements as well as the Company’s internal assessment of capital requirements in the context of its
                                  operational risks and requirements and strategic plans. The Company’s practice is to maintain the capitalization of its
                                  regulated operating subsidiaries at a level that will exceed the relevant minimum regulatory capital requirements in the
                                  jurisdictions in which they operate. The capitalization decisions of the Company and its operating subsidiaries also give
                                  consideration to the impact such actions may have on the opinions expressed by various credit rating agencies that provide
                                  financial strength and other ratings to the Company.
                                  In Canada, OSFI has established a regulatory capital adequacy measurement for life insurance companies incorporated under
                                  the Insurance Companies Act (Canada) and their subsidiaries, known as the Life Insurance Capital Adequacy Test (LICAT).
                                  The September 30, 2025 LICAT Ratio is calculated in accordance with the 2025 OSFI Guideline - Life Insurance Capital
                                  Adequacy Test.
                                  The LICAT Ratio compares the regulatory capital resources of a company to its required capital. The required capital is
                                  calibrated so that a life insurer can both withstand severe stress events and support the continuity of existing business. The
                                  LICAT guideline uses a risk-based approach for measuring specific life insurer risks and for aggregating the results to calculate
                                  the amount of a life insurer's capital requirements.




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  OSFI has established a Supervisory Target Total Ratio of 100% and a Supervisory Minimum Total Ratio of 90%. Lifeco's major
                                  Canadian operating subsidiary, Canada Life, is operating well above these supervisory ratios.
                                  Canada Life's consolidated LICAT Ratio at September 30, 2025 was 131%. The LICAT Ratio does not take into account any
                                  impact from $2.5 billion of liquidity at the Lifeco holding company level at September 30, 2025 ($2.2 billion at December 31,
                                  2024).
                                  The following provides a summary of the LICAT information and ratios for Canada Life:

                                      LICAT Ratio

                                                                                                                                                                                                  Sept. 30            Dec. 31
                                                                                                                                                                                                   2025                2024
                                          Tier 1 Capital                                                                                                                                     $           21,250   $     20,142
                                          Tier 2 Capital                                                                                                                                                  7,695          5,253
                                       Total Available Capital                                                                                                                                           28,945         25,395
                                       Surplus Allowance & Eligible Deposits                                                                                                                              5,220          5,130
                                      Total Capital Resources                                                                                                                                $           34,165   $    30,525

                                      Required Capital                                                                                                                                       $           26,101   $    23,516

                                      Total Ratio (OSFI Supervisory Target = 100%)1                                                                                                                       131 %           130 %
                                  1       Total Ratio (%) = (Total Capital Resources / Required Capital)

                                  The LICAT Ratio increased by one point from 130% at December 31, 2024 to 131% at September 30, 2025 as a result of:
                                      •      the transition impacts to reporting based on the 2025 LICAT Guideline, as amended for Segregated Funds with
                                             Guarantees;
                                      •      partially offset by the impact of earnings less dividends.
                                  In the U.S, the National Association of Insurance Commissioners has established Risk-Based Capital (RBC) as a regulatory
                                  capital adequacy measurement. Empower, Lifeco’s U.S. operating company, reports its RBC ratio annually to U.S. Insurance
                                  Regulators. The RBC ratio is for information only and is not intended as a means to rank insurers generally or for any other
                                  purpose. At September 30, 2025, the ratio is estimated to continue to be above 450%.




                                                                                                                                     Great-West Lifeco Inc. Third Quarter 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis              31


                                              B  32                                                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Management's Discussion and Analysis



OSFI Regulatory Capital Initiatives
Canada Life is reporting under revised capital requirements for Segregated Fund Guarantee Risk that OSFI has introduced with
its 2025 LICAT Guideline, effective January 1, 2025.
On July 3, 2025, OSFI announced reduced capital requirements for qualifying infrastructure debt and equity investments by
federally regulated life insurers. Canada Life is now reporting with the reduced capital requirements for unrated infrastructure
debt to Permitted Infrastructure Entities (PIEs) located in Canada and for infrastructure equity that meets the criteria of PIEs
located in Canada.

Return on Equity (ROE)
                                                                                                                                   Sept. 30             June 30             Dec. 31
                                                                                                                                    2025                 2025            2024 (Restated)
    Base ROE1 by segment
      United States                                                                                                                     19.2 %                18.6 %                 18.1 %
      Canada                                                                                                                            16.9 %                16.7 %                 17.1 %
      Europe                                                                                                                            18.6 %                17.4 %                 16.1 %
      Capital and Risk Solutions                                                                                                        44.8 %                42.1 %                 42.2 %
    Lifeco base ROE excluding Corporate1                                                                                                20.5 %                19.7 %                 19.3 %
    Consolidated base ROE1                                                                                                              17.7 %                17.4 %                 17.5 %
                                         2
    ROE - continuing operations by segment
      United States                                                                                                                     17.1 %                17.0 %                 15.8 %
      Canada                                                                                                                            16.8 %                17.0 %                 19.7 %
      Europe                                                                                                                            14.8 %                13.7 %                 15.9 %
      Capital and Risk Solutions                                                                                                        41.1 %                28.3 %                 32.3 %




                                                                                                                                                                                                  PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
    Lifeco ROE excluding Corporate - continuing operations2                                                                             18.6 %                17.2 %                 18.6 %
    Consolidated ROE - continuing operations2                                                                                           15.8 %                14.9 %                 16.7 %
1    This metric is a non-GAAP ratio. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details.
2    Refer to the "Glossary" section of this document for additional details on the composition of this measure.

The Company has a capital allocation methodology which tracks allocated capital required by each segment on a standalone
basis.
Lifeco's consolidated base ROE as at September 30, 2025 increased by 0.3 percentage points compared to June 30, 2025. The
increase was primarily due to higher base earnings, offset by higher average equity over the trailing four quarters ended
September 30, 2025.
Lifeco's consolidated ROE as at September 30, 2025 increased by 0.9 percentage points compared to June 30, 2025. The increase
was primarily due to higher earnings, offset by higher average equity over the trailing four quarters ended September 30, 2025.

Ratings
Lifeco and its operating companies maintain ratings from five independent ratings companies. Credit ratings1 are intended to
provide investors with an independent measure of the credit quality of a corporation and securities of a corporation and are
indicators of the likelihood of payment and the capacity of a corporation to meet its obligations in accordance with the terms of
each obligation.
Lifeco and its major operating subsidiaries, are assigned a group rating from each rating agency. This group rating is
predominantly supported by leading positions in the Canadian insurance market and competitive positions in the U.S. and
Europe. Each of Lifeco's operating companies benefit from the strong implicit financial support and collective ownership by
Lifeco.
During the third quarter of 2025, the existing credit ratings for Lifeco and its major operating subsidiaries were unchanged. As
of September 30, 2025, all agency outlooks for Lifeco’s rated entities were unchanged at stable.
For a complete listing of credit ratings for Great-West Lifeco and its major operating subsidiaries, please refer to the "Investor
Relations" section of the Company's website at www.greatwestlifeco.com.




1    These ratings are not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold the securities of the Company or its subsidiaries and do not address market price or other factors that might determine
     suitability of a specific security for a particular investor. The ratings also may not reflect the potential impact of all risks on the value of securities and are subject to revision or
     withdrawal at any time by the rating agency.


                                                                                                  Great-West Lifeco Inc. Third Quarter 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis            32


                                     P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                              B  33
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis



                                  Risk Management

                                  Risk Management Overview
                                  The Company’s Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) Framework facilitates the alignment of business strategy with risk
                                  appetite, informs and improves the deployment of capital; and supports the identification, mitigation and management of
                                  exposure to potential losses and risk. The Company’s Risk Function is responsible for developing and maintaining the Risk
                                  Appetite Framework (RAF), the supporting risk policies and risk limit structure, and provides independent risk oversight across
                                  the Company’s operations. The Board of Directors is ultimately accountable and responsible for the Company's risk
                                  governance and associated risk policies. These include the ERM Policy, which establishes the guiding principles of risk
                                  management, and the RAF, which reflects the levels and types of risk that the Company is willing to accept to achieve its
                                  business objectives.
                                  During the nine months ended September 30, 2025, there were no significant changes to the Company's risk management and
                                  control practices. Refer to the Company's 2024 Annual MD&A for a detailed description of the Company's risk management
                                  and control practices.

                                  Exposures and Sensitivities
                                  Insurance and Investment Contract Liabilities
                                  In determining the Company’s insurance contract liabilities, valuation assumptions are made regarding rates of mortality/
                                  morbidity, investment returns, levels of operating expenses, rates of policy termination and rates of utilization of elective policy
                                  options or provisions. When the assumptions are revised to reflect emerging experience or change in outlook, the result is a
                                  change in the value of liabilities which in turn affects the Company’s earnings.
                                  Financial Exposures and Sensitivities




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  The following table illustrates the approximate impact to the Company’s shareholders' net earnings that would arise as a result
                                  of changes to management’s best estimate of certain assumptions. A description of the methodologies used to calculate the
                                  Company's financial risk sensitivities is included in the "Summary of Critical Accounting Estimates" section of the Company's
                                  Annual MD&A for the year ended December 31, 2024. For changes in financial assumptions, the sensitivity is shown net of the
                                  corresponding impact on earnings of the change in the value of liabilities and the value of assets supporting liabilities. The
                                  sensitivities to shareholders' net earnings, shareholders' equity and CSM to changes in financial assumptions shown below
                                  have been rounded to the nearest $25 million.
                                  The impact to shareholders' net earnings from an immediate 50 basis point increase or decrease in credit spreads is illustrated
                                  in the table below, with no change to the ultimate illiquidity premium. Actual impacts of credit spread changes will vary
                                  depending on the geographies where the changes occur, and the changes in credit spreads by term. A change in credit spreads
                                  may also lead to a change in the allowance for credit risk within the discount rate, depending on prevailing market and credit
                                  conditions at the time; any potential earnings impacts that may arise from such a change are not reflected in the sensitivities
                                  below.




                                                                                                           Great-West Lifeco Inc. Third Quarter 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis   33


                                       B  34                                     P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Management's Discussion and Analysis



    Financial exposures and sensitivities
                                                                             Shareholders' net                Shareholders'
                                                                                 earnings                        equity                       CSM1                        LICAT2
                                                                            Sept. 30        Dec. 31        Sept. 30        Dec. 31      Sept. 30   Dec. 31        Sept. 30       Dec. 31
                                                                             2025            2024           2025            2024         2025       2024           2025           2024
    Investment returns:
       Change in risk free interest rates
           50 basis points increase                                        $        75 $           125 $           50 $              75 $     25 $         50         0 point       (1 point)
           50 basis points decrease                                               (100)           (150)          (100)             (125)     (50)        (100)        0 point      < 1 point
       Change in credit spreads
           50 basis points increase                                        $       175 $           250 $          250 $             325 $     — $          50         0 point    0 point
           50 basis points decrease                                               (225)           (300)          (325)             (400)     (50)         (75)        0 point < (1 point)
       Change in publicly traded common stock values1
            20% increase                                                   $         75 $          100 $          525 $             525 $    400 $        450   < 1 point (1 point)
            10% increase                                                             50              50           275               250      200          225     0 point < (1 point)
            10% decrease                                                            (50)            (50)         (275)             (250)    (200)        (225) < (1 point) < 1 point
            20% decrease                                                            (75)          (100)          (525)             (525)    (400)        (425)   (1 point) < (1 point)
      Change in other non-fixed income asset values
         10% increase                                                      $       425 $           425 $          475 $             475 $     — $          —      < 1 point     1 point
         5% increase                                                               225             225            225               250       —            —        0 point < 1 point
         5% decrease                                                              (225)           (225)          (250)             (250)      —            —     < (1 point) < (1 point)
         10% decrease                                                             (450)           (450)          (500)             (500)      —            —       (1 point) (1 point)

1    The impacts to the total contractual service margin (CSM) are pre-tax.




                                                                                                                                                                                                 PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
2    LICAT sensitivities should be viewed as directional estimates only of the underlying sensitivities for the respective factors. Given the nature of these calculations, the Company cannot
     provide assurance that the actual impact on the Canada Life consolidated LICAT Ratio will be as indicated. LICAT sensitivities are rounded to the nearest point. As at December 31,
     2024, the LICAT sensitivities were prepared on a LICAT 2024 Guideline basis. Since March 31, 2025, the LICAT sensitivities were prepared under the LICAT 2025 Guideline.

Actual impacts of interest rate changes will vary depending upon the geography where the changes occur. Net earnings are
positively impacted by a parallel increase in interest rates and credit spreads in Canada, U.K. and the U.S., and are positively
impacted by a parallel decrease in interest rates in the eurozone. Actual impacts of interest rate changes also vary by the level of
change in interest rates by term. Therefore, actual impacts from interest rate changes may differ from the estimated impact of
parallel movements in all geographies, which is presented above.
The sensitivities above reflect the immediate impacts of shareholders' net earnings, shareholders' equity and the LICAT ratio
from market movements. If there is a sustained change in investment markets, impacts on earnings, shareholders' equity and
the LICAT ratio will change over time, due to a combination of factors including the impact of a sustained change on the run-
rate of base earnings.
The additional sensitivities below illustrate the approximate impact to the Company’s base earnings that would arise over a 12-
month period as a result of immediate changes to risk-free interest rates and publicly traded common stock values. The
sensitivities below are primarily reflected in asset-based fee income for the Company's Retirement and Wealth lines of
business, earnings on surplus and general account spread margins. The sensitivities below assume no subsequent changes in
interest rates and that equity markets achieve their expected returns thereafter. Under sustained changes to investment
markets, certain management actions and changes in policyholder behaviours are likely to occur, and are not reflected in the
below sensitivities.
The estimated impacts, rounded to the nearest $25 million, for the initial 12 months after the immediate change in interest
rates and equity markets (impacts beyond this period may differ) would be as follows:
        •     A 50 basis points immediate parallel decrease (increase) in risk-free interest rates would decrease (increase) the
              Company's base earnings by approximately $75 million.
        •     A 10% immediate decrease (increase) in publicly traded common stock values would decrease (increase) the
              Company's base earnings by approximately $200 million.
The potential impact on shareholders' net earnings of the Company does not take into account any future potential changes to
the Company's ultimate investment rate (UIR) assumptions. As at both September 30, 2025 and December 31, 2024, the
sensitivity of shareholders' net earnings of the Company to a 10 basis point increase or decrease in the UIR in all geographies
would be an increase of $10 million or a decrease of $10 million post-tax, respectively, when rounded to the nearest $10 million.
In addition, as at both September 30, 2025 and December 31, 2024, the sensitivity of the CSM of the Company to a 10 basis
point increase or decrease in the UIR in all geographies would be an increase of $50 million or a decrease of $50 million pre-tax,
respectively, when rounded to the nearest $25 million.


                                                                                                  Great-West Lifeco Inc. Third Quarter 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis           34


                                     P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                              B  35
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis


                                  Refer to the "Accounting Policies - Summary of Critical Accounting Estimates" section of the Company's Annual MD&A for the
                                  year ended December 31, 2024 for additional information on earnings sensitivities.

                                  Accounting Policies

                                  International Financial Reporting Standards
                                  Due to the evolving nature of IFRS, there are a number of IFRS changes impacting the Company in 2025, as well as standards
                                  that could impact the Company in future reporting periods. The Company actively monitors future IFRS changes proposed by
                                  the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) to assess if the changes to the standards may have an impact on the
                                  Company's results or operations.
                                  Changes in Accounting Policies
                                  The Company adopted the amendments to International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) for IAS 21, The Effects of
                                  Changes in Foreign Exchange Rates effective January 1, 2025. The adoption of these amendments did not have a material impact
                                  on the Company's financial statements.
                                  For additional detail, refer to note 2 of the Company’s condensed consolidated interim unaudited financial statements for the
                                  period ended September 30, 2025.

                                  Other Information

                                  Summary of Earnings Reclassifications
                                  Summary of earnings reclassifications between operating segments and Corporate segment - Q3 2024
                                                                                                                                              Capital and
                                                                         United States         Canada                    Europe              Risk Solutions              Corporate          Total




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  Base earnings - Q3 2024
                                  presentation                           $         359    $               317       $               195     $               210      $             (20) $       1,061
                                  Reclassifications:
                                   Expenses (pre-tax)                                8                      13                        9                         6                  (36)               —
                                   Financing charges (pre-tax)                      50                      38                       25                         6                 (119)               —
                                   Taxes                                           (25)                    (12)                      (5)                       (2)                  44                —
                                  Other impacts:
                                   PanAgora (after-tax)                              3                      —                         —                        —                     (3)              —
                                    Franklin Templeton share dividends
                                    (after-tax)                                    (13)                     —                         —                        —                   13                 —
                                    U.S. legacy insurance portfolios
                                    (after-tax)                                      3                      —                         —                        —                     (3)              —
                                   GLWB product (after-tax)                          5                      —                        —                        —                     (5)               —
                                  Total reclassifications                           31                      39                       29                       10                  (109)               —
                                  Base earnings - Q3 2024
                                  reclassified                                     390                    356                       224                     220                   (129)         1,061
                                  Total items excluded from base
                                  earnings - Q3 2024 presentation                  (52)                   143                        (80)                   (201)                  (12)             (202)
                                  Total items excluded from base -
                                  reclassifications                                 35                      —                         —                        —                   (35)               —
                                  Total items excluded from base
                                  earnings - Q3 2024 reclassified                  (17)                   143                        (80)                   (201)                  (47)             (202)
                                  Net earnings from continuing
                                  operations                             $         373    $               499       $               144     $                 19     $            (176) $           859




                                                                                                              Great-West Lifeco Inc. Third Quarter 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis           35


                                        B  36                                       P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Management's Discussion and Analysis



Summary of earnings reclassifications between operating segments and Corporate segment - Q2 2024
                                                                                                                           Capital and
                                             United States                Canada                   Europe                 Risk Solutions        Corporate           Total
Base earnings - Q2 2024
presentation                                $               324      $               322      $               206     $             190     $               (4) $         1,038
Reclassifications:
 Expenses (pre-tax)                                            5                       12                       7                      3                (27)                  —
 Financing charges (pre-tax)                                  52                       39                      27                      7               (125)                  —
 Taxes                                                       (26)                     (13)                     (4)                    (1)                44                   —
Other impacts:
 PanAgora (after-tax)                                          (1)                     —                        —                     —                     1                 —
 Franklin Templeton share dividends
 (after-tax)                                                 (17)                      —                        —                     —                 17                    —
 U.S. legacy insurance portfolios
 (after-tax)                                                   (3)                     —                        —                     —                     3                 —
 GLWB product (after-tax)                                      1                      —                        —                      —                  (1)                  —
Total reclassifications                                       11                      38                       30                     9                 (88)                  —
Base earnings - Q2 2024
reclassified                                                335                      360                      236                   199                 (92)              1,038
Total items excluded from base
earnings - Q2 2024 presentation                              (50)                     13                        (5)                  (35)               44                   (33)
Total items excluded from base -
reclassifications                                              (4)                     —                        —                     —                     4                 —
Total items excluded from base
earnings - Q2 2024 reclassified                              (54)                     13                        (5)                  (35)               48                   (33)




                                                                                                                                                                                    PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
Net earnings from continuing
operations                                  $               281      $               373      $               231     $             164     $           (44) $            1,005

Summary of earnings reclassifications between operating segments and Corporate segment
For the nine months ended                                                                                                  Capital and
September 30, 2024                           United States                Canada                   Europe                 Risk Solutions        Corporate           Total

Base earnings - presentation                $               969      $               941      $               598     $             595     $           (26) $            3,077
Reclassifications:
 Expenses (pre-tax)                                           19                      37                       24                    13                 (93)                  —
 Financing charges (pre-tax)                                153                      116                        78                   20                (367)                  —
 Taxes                                                       (77)                     (38)                     (14)                   (4)               133                   —
Other impacts:
 PanAgora (after-tax)                                           6                      —                        —                     —                     (6)               —
 Franklin Templeton share dividends
 (after-tax)                                                 (51)                      —                        —                     —                 51                    —
 U.S. legacy insurance portfolios
 (after-tax)                                                   1                      —                        —                     —                   (1)                  —
 GLWB product (after-tax)                                      7                      —                        —                     —                   (7)                  —
Total reclassifications                                       58                     115                       88                    29                (290)                  —

Base earnings - reclassified                              1,027                   1,056                       686                   624                (316)              3,077
Total items excluded from base
earnings - presentation                                    (155)                     207                       (95)                 (171)               32                  (182)
Total items excluded from base -
reclassifications                                             24                                                                                        (24)                  —
Total items excluded from base
earnings - reclassified                                    (131)                     207                       (95)                 (171)                   8               (182)
Net earnings from continuing
operations                                  $               896      $            1,263       $               591     $             453     $          (308) $            2,895




                                                                                         Great-West Lifeco Inc. Third Quarter 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis        36


                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                             B  37
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis



                                  Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios
                                  Non-GAAP Financial Measures
                                  The Company uses several non-GAAP financial measures to measure overall performance of the Company and to assess each
                                  of its business units. A financial measure is considered a non-GAAP measure for Canadian securities law purposes if it is
                                  presented other than in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) used for the Company's
                                  consolidated financial statements. The consolidated financial statements of the Company have been prepared in compliance
                                  with IFRS as issued by the IASB. Non-GAAP financial measures do not have a standardized meaning under GAAP and may not
                                  be comparable to similar financial measures presented by other issuers. Investors may find these financial measures useful in
                                  understanding how management views the underlying business performance of the Company.
                                  Base earnings (loss)
                                  Base earnings (loss) reflect management’s view of the underlying business performance of the Company and provides an
                                  alternate measure to understand the underlying business performance compared to IFRS net earnings.
                                  Base earnings (loss) exclude the following items from IFRS reported net earnings:
                                  •    Market-related impacts, where actual market returns in the current period are different than longer-term expected returns;
                                  •    Assumption changes and management actions that impact the measurement of assets and liabilities;
                                  •    Business transformation and other impacts, when removed, assist in explaining the Company's underlying business
                                       performance, including acquisition and divestiture costs and restructuring and integration costs;
                                  •    Material legal settlements, material impairment charges related to goodwill and intangible assets, impacts of income tax
                                       rate changes on the remeasurement of deferred tax assets and liabilities and other tax impairments, net gains, losses or
                                       costs related to the disposition or acquisition of a business; net earnings (loss) from discontinued operations;




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  •    The direct equity and interest rate impacts on the measurement of surplus assets and liabilities;
                                  •    Amortization of acquisition related finite life intangible assets; and
                                  •    Other items that, when removed, assist in explaining the Company's underlying business performance.
                                  Effective for the third quarter of 2025, Lifeco has updated the label previously referred to as “Business Transformation Impacts”
                                  to “Business Transformation and Other Impacts” to enhance clarity on the components of this item. This change does not
                                  affect the underlying calculation or results presented.

                                  Lifeco

                                                                                                                       For the three months ended                                 For the nine months ended
                                                                                                               Sept. 30               June 30      Sept. 30                          Sept. 30        Sept. 30
                                                                                                                2025                   2025         2024                              2025            2024
                                  Base earnings                                                            $           1,225 $             1,149 $       1,061                  $         3,404 $          3,077

                                  Items excluded from Lifeco base earnings
                                      Market experience relative to expectations (pre-tax)                 $                47 $               (116) $                   46     $          (182) $          227
                                           Income tax (expense) benefit                                                     (7)                   12                     (5)                    27          (51)
                                      Assumption changes and management actions (pre-tax)                                  (25)                   (5)                (235)                  (72)           (231)
                                           Income tax (expense) benefit                                                     —                       2                    32                     12           66
                                      Business transformation and other impacts (pre-tax)                                  (68)                (181)                     (7)               (262)           (109)
                                           Income tax (expense) benefit                                                     12                    60                      3                     75           27
                                      Amortization of acquisition-related finite life intangibles (pre-
                                        tax)                                                                               (47)                 (51)                   (47)                (149)           (149)
                                            Income tax (expense) benefit                                                    10                    13                     11                     37           38
                                      Tax legislative changes and other tax impacts (pre-tax)                               —                     —                      —                      —            —
                                            Income tax (expense) benefit                                                    11                    11                     —                      22           —
                                      Total pre-tax items excluded from base earnings                      $               (93) $              (353) $                (243)     $          (665) $         (262)
                                      Impact of items excluded from base earnings on income
                                        taxes                                                                               26                    98                     41                 173              80
                                  Net earnings from continuing operations                                  $           1,158 $                  894 $                  859      $         2,912 $         2,895
                                      Net earnings (loss) from discontinued operations (post-tax)                         —                      —                      —                    —             (115)
                                      Net gain from disposal of discontinued operations (post-tax)                        —                      —                      —                    —               44
                                  Net earnings - common shareholders                                       $           1,158 $                  894 $                  859      $         2,912 $         2,824



                                                                                                                      Great-West Lifeco Inc. Third Quarter 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis          37


                                         B  38                                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Management's Discussion and Analysis



United States

                                                                                         For the three months ended                             For the nine months ended
                                                                                                                              Sept. 30                                  Sept. 30
                                                                                  Sept. 30               June 30               2024                 Sept. 30             2024
                                                                                   2025                   2025               (Restated)              2025              (Restated)
Base earnings                                                                 $             436 $                  341 $             390        $        1,142 $             1,027

Items excluded from base earnings
  Market experience relative to expectations (pre-tax)                        $                (7) $                 (3) $            12        $              (8) $                2
       Income tax (expense) benefit                                                             1                    —                    (2)                  1                    —
  Business transformation and other impacts (pre-tax)                                        (47)                    (9)                  (2)              (57)                 (72)
       Income tax (expense) benefit                                                             9                     3                   1                    12               17
  Amortization of acquisition-related finite life intangibles (pre-
    tax)                                                                                     (35)                   (36)              (35)                (109)                (106)
        Income tax (expense) benefit                                                          8                      9                    9                    27               28
  Tax legislative changes and other tax impacts (pre-tax)                                     —                      —                    —                    —                —
       Income tax (expense) benefit                                                           11                     —                    —                    11                   —
Net earnings from continuing operations                                       $             376 $                  305 $             373        $        1,019 $                896
  Net earnings (loss) from discontinued operations (post-tax)                                —                      —                 —                     —                  (115)
  Net gain from disposal of discontinued operations (post-tax)                               —                      —                 —                     —                    44
Net earnings - common shareholders                                            $             376 $                  305 $             373        $        1,019 $               825


Canada




                                                                                                                                                                                         PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                                                                         For the three months ended                             For the nine months ended
                                                                                                                              Sept. 30                                  Sept. 30
                                                                                  Sept. 30               June 30               2024                 Sept. 30             2024
                                                                                   2025                   2025               (Restated)              2025              (Restated)
Base earnings                                                                 $              371 $                 375 $             356        $        1,062 $             1,056

Items excluded from base earnings
  Market experience relative to expectations (pre-tax)                        $              109 $                  44 $              58        $          144 $               186
      Income tax (expense) benefit                                                           (23)                   (19)             (15)                  (43)                (51)
  Assumption changes and management actions (pre-tax)                                         45                     (1)             147                    44                 157
       Income tax (expense) benefit                                                          (12)                    —                (41)                 (12)                 (44)
  Business transformation and other impacts (pre-tax)                                          (2)                (192)                   (4)             (196)                 (36)
       Income tax (expense) benefit                                                            (1)                  53                    1                    53                   9
  Amortization of acquisition-related finite life intangibles (pre-
    tax)                                                                                       (6)                   (7)                  (4)              (19)                 (19)
       Income tax (expense) benefit                                                             2                     2                   1                    6                    5
Net earnings - common shareholders                                            $              483 $                 255 $             499        $        1,039 $             1,263




                                                                                         Great-West Lifeco Inc. Third Quarter 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis             38


                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                                B  39
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis



                                  Europe

                                                                                                                     For the three months ended                                 For the nine months ended
                                                                                                                                                           Sept. 30                                  Sept. 30
                                                                                                              Sept. 30               June 30                2024                   Sept. 30           2024
                                                                                                               2025                   2025                (Restated)                2025            (Restated)
                                  Base earnings                                                          $              266 $                  262 $                 224       $          767 $             686

                                  Items excluded from base earnings
                                    Market experience relative to expectations (pre-tax)                 $               (85) $               (139) $                 (30)     $         (271) $             (32)
                                           Income tax (expense) benefit                                                   18                    29                       7                    58                 5
                                    Assumption changes and management actions (pre-tax)                                   12                     (1)                  (69)                (21)               (71)
                                           Income tax (expense) benefit                                                    (4)                    1                    18                     5              18
                                    Business transformation and other impacts (pre-tax)                                  (19)                   (42)                    (1)               (71)                   (1)
                                           Income tax (expense) benefit                                                     4                   10                       1                    16                 1
                                    Amortization of acquisition-related finite life intangibles (pre-
                                      tax)                                                                                 (5)                   (6)                    (7)               (16)               (18)
                                           Income tax (expense) benefit                                                     1                     1                      1                    3                  3
                                    Tax legislative changes impact (pre-tax)                                              —                     —                      —                      —                  —
                                          Income tax (expense) benefit                                                    —                     11                     —                      11                 —
                                  Net earnings - common shareholders                                     $              188 $                  126 $                 144       $          481 $             591


                                  Capital and Risk Solutions




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                                                                                                     For the three months ended                                 For the nine months ended
                                                                                                                                                           Sept. 30                                  Sept. 30
                                                                                                              Sept. 30               June 30                2024                   Sept. 30           2024
                                                                                                               2025                   2025                (Restated)                2025            (Restated)
                                  Base earnings                                                          $              265 $                  229 $                 220       $          707 $             624

                                  Items excluded from base earnings
                                    Market experience relative to expectations (pre-tax)                 $                42 $                  (31) $                 34      $          (24) $             77
                                        Income tax (expense) benefit                                                      (7)                     4                    —                    4                (6)
                                    Assumption changes and management actions (pre-tax)                                  (24)                    (3)                (284)                 (28)             (291)
                                         Income tax (expense) benefit                                                     4                       1                    49                      5             49
                                    Business transformation and other impacts (pre-tax)                                   —                      (9)                   —                      (9)            —
                                         Income tax expense (benefit)                                                     —                       3                    —                       3             —
                                  Net earnings - common shareholders                                     $              280 $                  194 $                   19      $          658 $             453


                                  Corporate

                                                                                                                     For the three months ended                                 For the nine months ended
                                                                                                                                                           Sept. 30                                  Sept. 30
                                                                                                              Sept. 30               June 30                2024                   Sept. 30           2024
                                                                                                               2025                   2025                (Restated)                2025            (Restated)
                                  Base earnings (loss)                                                   $             (113) $                  (58) $              (129)      $         (274) $           (316)

                                  Items excluded from base earnings (loss)
                                    Market experience relative to expectations (pre-tax)                 $               (12) $                 13 $                  (28)     $          (23) $                 (6)
                                           Income tax (expense) benefit                                                     4                    (2)                     5                    7                  1
                                    Assumption changes and management actions (pre-tax)                                  (58)                    —                    (29)                (67)               (26)
                                           Income tax (expense) benefit                                                   12                     —                       6                    14             43
                                    Business transformation and other impacts (pre-tax)                                   —                     71                     —                      71                 —
                                           Income tax (expense) benefit                                                   —                      (9)                   —                      (9)                —
                                    Amortization of acquisition-related finite life intangibles (pre-
                                      tax)                                                                                 (1)                   (2)                   (1)                    (5)                (6)
                                         Income tax (expense) benefit                                                      (1)                    1                    —                       1                  2
                                  Net earnings (loss) - common shareholders                              $             (169) $                  14 $                (176)      $         (285) $           (308)


                                                                                                                    Great-West Lifeco Inc. Third Quarter 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis               39


                                       B  40                                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Management's Discussion and Analysis



Base earnings - pre-tax
Represents base earnings (loss) before income taxes, earnings (losses) attributable to non-controlling interests and preferred
share dividends.

    Lifeco

                                                                                                  For the three months ended                          For the nine months ended
                                                                                           Sept. 30               June 30      Sept. 30                   Sept. 30     Sept. 30
                                                                                            2025                   2025         2024                       2025         2024
    Base earnings (pre-tax)                                                            $           1,525 $             1,337 $       1,305            $        4,144 $       3,860

    Items excluded from Lifeco base earnings (pre-tax)
        Market experience relative to expectations (pre-tax)                           $               47 $                (116) $              46    $          (182) $              227
       Assumption changes and management actions (pre-tax)                                            (25)                  (5)              (235)                (72)               (231)
      Business transformation and other impacts (pre-tax)                                             (68)                (181)                (7)               (262)               (109)
        Amortization of acquisition-related finite life intangibles
          (pre-tax)                                                                                   (47)                  (51)              (47)               (149)               (149)
      Total pre-tax items excluded from base earnings                                  $              (93) $               (353) $            (243)   $          (665) $              (262)
      Participating account                                                                           (61)                   (34)              (41)                 (80)                (5)
    Earnings before income taxes                                                       $           1,371 $                  950 $            1,021    $        3,399 $               3,593

Assets under administration (AUA), assets under management or advisement (AUMA), assets under administration
only (AUAO) and client assets
Assets under administration, assets under management or advisement and client assets are non-GAAP financial measures.
These measures provide an indication of the size and volume of the Company's overall business. Administrative services are an
important aspect of the overall business of the Company and should be considered when comparing volumes, size and trends.




                                                                                                                                                                                              PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
Total assets under administration includes assets under management or advisement (AUMA), assets under administration only
(AUAO), the total of which is total client assets, and other balance sheet assets.
Client assets represents the total client assets under management or advisement plus assets under administration only for the
Company's Retirement and Wealth lines of business.
Client assets are classified as AUMA where the Company earns a fee for one or more of the following services: investment
management services for proprietary funds or institutional assets, discretionary portfolio management on behalf of clients,
and/or the provision of financial advice. AUMA relate to the Company's Retirement and Wealth lines of business only.
Refer to the "Glossary" section of this document for the definition of AUAO.
Other balance sheet assets include insurance contract assets, reinsurance contract assets, goodwill and intangible assets, other
assets, as well as the portion of invested assets and investments on account of segregated fund policyholders not included
within total client assets.

    Lifeco1
                                                                                                                                                                            Sept. 30
                                                                                                                                         Sept. 30         June 30            2024
                                                                                                                                          2025             2025            (Restated)
    Assets under administration
    Assets under management or advisement                                                                                            $    1,114,020 $      1,036,167 $         965,922
    Assets under administration only2                                                                                                     2,193,703        2,007,290         1,915,626
    Total client assets                                                                                                              $    3,307,723 $      3,043,457 $       2,881,548
    Other assets on balance sheet                                                                                                           236,043          231,841               228,736
    Total assets under administration                                                                                                $    3,543,766 $      3,275,298 $       3,110,284
    of which: Total balance sheet assets                                                                                                    858,676          814,842               779,741
    of which: Invested assets                                                                                                               249,368          244,501               237,052

1    Total Lifeco assets under administration includes assets under management related to PanAgora Asset Management included in the Corporate segment.
2    Refer to the "Glossary" section of this document for additional detail regarding this metric.




                                                                                                  Great-West Lifeco Inc. Third Quarter 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis         40


                                     P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                            B  41
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis



                                      United States
                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Sept. 30
                                                                                                                                                                           Sept. 30                June 30             2024
                                                                                                                                                                            2025                    2025             (Restated)
                                      Assets under administration
                                      Assets under management or advisement                                                                                            $       563,290 $                 518,766 $       479,801
                                      Assets under administration only1                                                                                                      2,185,641                 1,999,678       1,908,307
                                      Total client assets                                                                                                              $     2,748,931 $               2,518,444 $     2,388,108
                                      Other assets on balance sheet                                                                                                             52,530                    51,030          56,433
                                      Total assets under administration                                                                                                $     2,801,461 $               2,569,474 $     2,444,541
                                      of which: Total balance sheet assets                                                                                                     358,231                   335,372         326,714
                                      of which: Invested assets                                                                                                                 90,346                    87,727          86,947

                                  1    Refer to the "Glossary" section of this document for additional detail regarding this metric.


                                      Canada
                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Sept. 30
                                                                                                                                                                           Sept. 30                June 30             2024
                                                                                                                                                                            2025                    2025             (Restated)
                                      Assets under administration
                                      Assets under management or advisement                                                                                            $        210,822 $               200,025 $        190,365
                                      Assets under administration only1                                                                                                           2,838                   2,786            2,881
                                      Total client assets                                                                                                              $        213,660 $               202,811 $        193,246
                                      Other assets on balance sheet                                                                                                             113,617                 110,468          105,696




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                      Total assets under administration                                                                                                $        327,277 $               313,279 $        298,942
                                      of which: Total balance sheet assets                                                                                                      240,597                 230,892          222,018
                                      of which: Invested assets                                                                                                                 102,211                  99,394           95,594

                                  1    Refer to the "Glossary" section of this document for additional detail regarding this metric.


                                      Europe
                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Sept. 30
                                                                                                                                                                           Sept. 30                June 30             2024
                                                                                                                                                                            2025                    2025             (Restated)
                                      Assets under administration
                                      Assets under management or advisement                                                                                            $        285,669 $               269,153 $        249,649
                                      Assets under administration only1                                                                                                           5,224                   4,826            4,438
                                      Total client assets                                                                                                              $        290,893 $               273,979 $        254,087
                                      Other assets on balance sheet                                                                                                              58,233                  58,496           57,305
                                      Total assets under administration                                                                                                $        349,126 $               332,475 $        311,392
                                      of which: Total balance sheet assets                                                                                                      248,185                 236,731          221,707
                                      of which: Invested assets                                                                                                                  45,643                  45,922           45,453

                                  1    Refer to the "Glossary" section of this document for additional detail regarding this metric.

                                  Non-GAAP Ratios
                                  A non-GAAP ratio is a financial measure in the form of a ratio, fraction, percentage or similar representation that is not
                                  disclosed in the financial statements of the Company and has a non-GAAP financial measure as one or more of its components.
                                  These financial measures do not have a standardized definition under IFRS and might not be comparable to similar financial
                                  measures disclosed by other issuers.
                                  The non-GAAP ratios disclosed by the Company each use base earnings (loss) as the non-GAAP component. Base earnings
                                  (loss) reflect management’s view of the underlying business performance of the Company and provides an alternate measure
                                  to understand the underlying business performance compared to IFRS net earnings.
                                  •       Base capital generation - This measure is expressed as a percentage of base earnings and provides a view of capital
                                          generated or consumed by the business above the Company's internal operating target level for capital. Base capital
                                          generation is calculated as base earnings plus the organic CSM and risk adjustment (RA) movements, if applicable, less the
                                          change in required capital related to new business and the run-off of in-force business at the Company's internal operating
                                          target level. These items exclude the impact of participating business and the conceptually similar items as those excluded
                                          from base earnings.


                                                                                                                                   Great-West Lifeco Inc. Third Quarter 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis                 41


                                           B  42                                                         P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Management's Discussion and Analysis


    •   Organic CSM movement refers to CSM (excluding participating products), plus impact of new insurance business,
        plus expected movements from asset returns and locked-in rates, plus CSM recognized for services provided, plus
        insurance experience gains and losses.
•   Base dividend payout ratio - Dividends paid to common shareholders are divided by base earnings (loss).
•   Base earnings per share - Base earnings (loss) for the period is divided by the number of average common shares
    outstanding for the period.
•   Base earnings per share (diluted) - Base earnings (loss) for the period is divided by the number of average common
    shares outstanding on a diluted basis for the period.
•   Base return on equity - Base earnings (loss) for the trailing four quarters are divided by the average common
    shareholders' equity over the trailing four quarters. This measure provides an indicator of business unit profitability.
•   Effective income tax rate - base earnings - common shareholders - Calculated by adjusting the Company's reported
    income taxes and net earnings before income taxes attributable to common shareholders to remove the impact of items
    excluded from base earnings, to calculate the effective income tax rates for common shareholders.
•   Efficiency ratio - Calculated on a trailing four quarter basis as pre-tax non-par base operating and administrative expenses
    divided by the sum of pre-tax base earnings and pre-tax non-par base operating and administrative expenses.
•   Pre-tax base operating margin - Pre-tax operating earnings expressed as a percentage of fee and spread income.
•   Price/base earnings ratio - The Company's closing share price divided by its base earnings per share on a trailing four
    quarter basis.

Glossary
•   Asset-based fee income - Represents fee income earned that is directly tied to the level of client assets under advisement,




                                                                                                                                                                            PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
    management or administration; including segregated fund products.
•   Asset-based expenses and commissions - Represents the variable expenses (such as asset-based commissions &
    bonuses, managed account expenses, sub-advisor and fund manager costs) incurred when generating fee and other
    income
•   Assets under administration only (AUAO) - Client assets are classified as AUAO where the Company only provides
    administration services for which the Company earns fees and other income. These assets are beneficially owned by the
    clients and the Company does not direct the investing activities. Services provided relating to assets under administration
    include recordkeeping, safekeeping, collecting investment income, settling of transactions or other administrative
    services. Administrative services are an important aspect of the overall business of the Company and should be considered
    when comparing volumes, size and trends. Assets included in AUAO are not included in AUMA.
•   Assets under administration (AUA), assets under management or advisement (AUMA) and client assets are non-
    GAAP financial measures. See definitions in Non-GAAP Measures and Ratios section.
•   Assumption changes and management actions - The net earnings impact of: (i) revisions to the methodologies and
    assumptions used in the measurement of the Company’s assets, insurance contract liabilities and investment contract
    liabilities, and (ii) actions taken by management in the current reporting period which include, but are not limited to,
    changes in in-force product features (including prices), and new or revised reinsurance deals on in-force business.
    Assumption changes and management actions are excluded from base earnings.
•   Average client assets - Calculated as the average of the opening and ending balances of client assets during the reporting
    period using daily balances where available and monthly or quarterly balances when daily balances are unavailable.
•   Business transformation and other impacts - Business transformation and other impacts include acquisition and
    divestiture costs as well as restructuring and integration costs.
•   Book value per common share - Measure is calculated by dividing Lifeco's common shareholders' equity by the number
    of common shares outstanding at the end of the period.
•   Contractual service margin (CSM) - The CSM of a group of insurance contracts represents the unearned profit that the
    Company expects to recognize in the future as it provides services under those contracts. On initial recognition of a group
    of insurance contracts, if the total of the fulfillment cash flows, any derecognized assets for insurance acquisition cash
    flows, and any cash flows arising at that date is a net inflow, the group of contracts is non-onerous. In this case, the CSM is
    measured as the equal and opposite amount of the net inflow, which results in no net income or expenses arising on initial
    recognition.



                                                                                     Great-West Lifeco Inc. Third Quarter 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis    42


                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                            B  43
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis


                                  •   Common shareholders' equity - A financial measure comprised of the following items from Lifeco's balance sheet: share
                                      capital - common shares, accumulated surplus, accumulated other comprehensive income and contributed surplus.
                                  •   Dividend payout ratio - Dividends paid to common shareholders are divided by net earnings - common shareholders.
                                  •   Drivers of earnings (DOE) - Drivers of earnings analysis provides additional detail on the primary sources of Lifeco's
                                      earnings and is a consistent presentation across Canadian insurance industry peers. The DOE view presents net earnings
                                      attributable to common shareholders, comprising base earnings on a DOE basis and items excluded from base earnings.
                                      For base insurance service result, the DOE view provides detail on expected insurance earnings, the impact of new
                                      business and experience gains and losses. For base net investment result, the DOE view provides detail on expected
                                      investment earnings, credit experience, trading activity and earnings on surplus. Base other income and expenses are
                                      presented separately in the DOE view with additional detail on net fee and spread income, non-directly attributable and
                                      other expenses, income taxes on base earnings, non-controlling interests, preferred dividends and other items.
                                  •   Financial leverage ratio - Defined as debt, hybrid securities, and preferred shares divided by total consolidated
                                      capitalization. The denominator also includes the after-tax non-participating CSM balance in the denominator, other than
                                      CSM associated with segregated fund guarantees. This reflects that the CSM represents future profit and is considered
                                      available capital under LICAT.
                                  •   General Measurement Model (GMM) - The Company applies this measurement model to all insurance contracts not
                                      measured under the PAA or VFA measurement models.
                                  •   Gross operating and administrative expenses - Gross operating and administrative expenses is a non-GAAP financial
                                      measure, which excludes certain insurance-related expenses, commissions and sub-advisory fees.
                                  •   Group Benefits in-force premiums (insured) - Represents the value of in-force premiums at the end of the reporting
                                      period where Lifeco underwrites the insurance risks of a group benefits solution. The Company may express the period-
                                      over-period net change in group life and health book premiums excluding the impact of foreign currency translation,




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                      which represents the net impact of new sales, terminations and organic growth of in-force business for the period.
                                  •   Group Benefits fee and other income (ASO & other fee-based products) - Represents administrative services only (ASO)
                                      and other fee-based income where clients self-insure the products and the Company administers it on their behalf, and
                                      other ancillary services.
                                  •   Impact of currency movement (constant currency basis) - Items impacting the Company's Consolidated Statements of
                                      Earnings, such as income and benefits and expenses and net earnings, are translated into Canadian dollars at an average
                                      rate for the period. These measures highlight the impact of changes in currency translation rates on Canadian dollar
                                      equivalent IFRS results and have been calculated using the average rates, as shown below, in effect at the date of the
                                      comparative period. These measures provide useful information as it facilitates the comparability of results between
                                      periods.

                                                                                                                                    Period ended
                                                                                                                    September 30,                  September 30,
                                                                                                                        2025                           2024
                                                                 United States dollar                                        1.38                       1.36
                                                                 British pound                                               1.86                       1.77
                                                                 Euro                                                        1.61                       1.50
                                  •   Market experience relative to expectations - The net earnings impact related to the direct equity and interest rate market
                                      impacts on insurance and investment contract liabilities, net of hedging, and related deferred tax liabilities, which
                                      includes:
                                      •      the impact of hedge ineffectiveness related to segregated fund guarantee liabilities that are hedged and the
                                             performance of the related hedge assets;
                                      •      the impact on segregated fund guarantee liabilities not hedged;
                                      •      the market-related impacts that are different than expectations on surplus assets, general account assets and the
                                             insurance and investment contract liabilities they support; and
                                      •      other market impacts on general account assets and the insurance and investment contract liabilities they support
                                             that cannot be attributed to expectations within the period.




                                                                                                                  Great-West Lifeco Inc. Third Quarter 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis   43


                                          B  44                                         P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Management's Discussion and Analysis


•   Net asset flows - Indicator of the Company's ability to attract and retain business. Net asset flows are measured by the
    following:
    •   Canada net asset flows include cash inflows and outflows related to segregated fund assets and proprietary and non-
        proprietary mutual funds.
    •   Europe net asset flows include cash inflows and outflows related to segregated fund assets, proprietary mutual funds
        and institutional assets as well as other assets under administration.
    •   Empower net asset flows include cash inflows and outflows related to segregated fund assets, general fund assets,
        proprietary and non-proprietary mutual funds as well as other assets under management.
    •   PanAgora net asset flows include institutional sales and redemptions.
•   Net earnings from continuing operations - Defined as net earnings - common shareholders less net earnings (loss) from
    discontinued operations and the net gain from disposal of discontinued operations. The discontinued operations
    represent the results of Putnam Investments. On January 1, 2024, Lifeco completed the previously announced sale of
    Putnam Investments to Franklin Resources, Inc., operating as "Franklin Templeton".
•   Net fee and spread income - Fee and spread income less asset-based expenses and commissions.
•   Non-par base operating and administrative expenses - Non-participating base operating and administrative expenses
    exclude business transformation costs and other expenses that are excluded from base earnings.
•   Office of the Superintendent of Financial Institutions Canada (OSFI) - Is an independent Canadian federal government
    agency that regulates and supervises federally regulated financial institutions and pension plans to determine whether
    they are in sound financial condition and meeting their requirements.
•   Other fee income - Represents other fee income earned that is not directly tied to the level of client assets; and the total




                                                                                                                                                                           PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
    base insurance service result related to unit-linked, unitized with profits and variable annuity products offered by the
    Wealth line of business.
•   Premium Allocation Approach (PAA) - The Company applies this measurement model to contracts with coverage
    periods of one year or less and those that are relatively stable and have low variability in fulfillment cash flows. Low
    variability in fulfillment cash flows indicates that no significant difference in measurement exists when compared to the
    general measurement model (GMM).
•   Price/book value ratio - The Company's closing share price divided by its book value per share.
•   Price/earnings ratio - The Company's closing share price divided by its net earnings per share on a trailing four quarter
    basis.
•   Return on equity (ROE) - continuing operations - Net earnings from continuing operations for the trailing four quarters
    are divided by the average common shareholders' equity over the trailing four quarters. This measure provides an
    indicator of business unit profitability.
•   Sales - Sales are measured according to product type:
    •   For risk-based Insurance & Annuities products, sales include 100% of single premium and annualized premiums
        expected in the first twelve months of the plan.
    •   Group Benefits (insured) sales reflect annualized premiums and premium equivalents for new policies and new
        benefits covered or expansion of coverage on existing policies on business where the Company underwrites the
        insurance risks of a group benefits solution.
    •   Group Benefits (ASO & other fee-based products) sales reflect annualized premiums and premium equivalents for
        new policies and new benefits covered or expansion of coverage on existing policies where clients self-insure the
        products and the Company administers it on their behalf, and other ancillary services.
•   Segmented common shareholders' equity - The Company has a capital allocation methodology which tracks allocated
    capital required by each segment on a standalone basis.
    The capital allocation methodology allows the Company to calculate comparable ROE for each business unit. These ROEs
    are therefore based on the capital the business unit has been allocated. IFRS does not prescribe the calculation of ROE and
    therefore a comparable measure under IFRS is not available.
•   Spread income - Represents spread income earned on general account investment products which represents the
    difference between earned rates and rates credited to clients; and other net investment income.



                                                                                    Great-West Lifeco Inc. Third Quarter 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis    44


                       P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                            B  45
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis


                                  •       Variable Fee Approach (VFA) - The Company applies this measurement model to contracts with direct participating
                                          features such as participating insurance and segregated fund business with insurance guarantees, where an investment
                                          return is provided to the policyholder based on a defined pool of items (e.g., a portfolio of assets).

                                  Disclosure Controls and Procedures
                                  The Company’s disclosure controls and procedures are designed to provide reasonable assurance that information relating to
                                  the Company which is required to be disclosed in reports filed under provincial and territorial securities legislation is: (a)
                                  recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the provincial and territorial securities
                                  legislation, and (b) accumulated and communicated to the Company's senior management, including the President and Chief
                                  Executive Officer and the Executive Vice-President and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions
                                  regarding required disclosure.

                                  Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
                                  The Company’s internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
                                  financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with IFRS. The Company’s
                                  management is responsible for establishing and maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting. All internal
                                  control systems have inherent limitations and may become ineffective because of changes in conditions. Therefore, even those
                                  systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and
                                  presentation.
                                  There have been no changes during the nine months ended September 30, 2025 that have materially affected, or are reasonably
                                  likely to materially affect, the Company's internal control over financial reporting.

                                  Transactions with Related Parties
                                  Related party transactions have not changed materially from December 31, 2024.




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  Effective on September 3, 2025, the Toronto Stock Exchange has approved an amendment that permits the Company to
                                  purchase its shares from Power Financial Corporation and certain of its wholly-owned subsidiaries (collectively, PFC) in
                                  connection with the NCIB, in order for PFC to maintain its proportionate percentage ownership in the Company. Refer to
                                  "Lifeco Capital Structure" section on this document for further details.

                                  Quarterly Financial Information
                                      Quarterly financial information
                                      (in $ millions, except per share amounts)

                                                                                                                              2025                                                   2024                           2023
                                                                                                                Q3              Q2             Q1              Q4              Q3             Q2         Q1          Q4
                                       Insurance revenue                                                    $    5,594 $         5,551 $        5,486 $         5,399 $         5,292 $        5,273 $    5,250 $    5,174
                                       Net investment income                                                     2,588           2,319          2,335           2,685           2,249          2,409      2,340      2,431
                                       Changes in fair value on FVTPL assets                                     1,699             954          1,259          (2,981)          6,906           (864)    (1,385)    11,042
                                       Fee and other income                                                      1,984           1,948          1,911           1,952           1,806          1,794      1,672      1,558
                                                       1
                                      Total revenue                                                         $ 11,865 $ 10,772 $ 10,991 $                        7,055 $ 16,253 $               8,612 $    7,877 $ 20,205
                                                                                             2
                                      Net earnings from continuing operations
                                         Total                                                              $    1,158 $           894 $           860 $        1,116 $           859 $        1,005 $    1,031 $     743
                                         Basic - per share                                                         1.25           0.96            0.92            1.20           0.92            1.08      1.10       0.80
                                         Diluted - per share                                                       1.25           0.96            0.92            1.19           0.92            1.08      1.10       0.79

                                      Net earnings - Common Shareholders
                                         Total                                                              $    1,158 $           894 $          860 $         1,116 $          859 $         1,005 $      960 $      740
                                         Basic - per share                                                        1.25            0.96            0.92           1.20            0.92           1.08       1.03       0.79
                                         Diluted - per share                                                      1.25            0.96            0.92           1.19            0.92           1.08       1.03       0.79

                                  1    Total revenue and its components exclude revenue from discontinued operations related to Putnam Investments.
                                  2    Refer to the "Glossary" section of this document for additional details on the composition of this measure.




                                                                                                                                 Great-West Lifeco Inc. Third Quarter 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis            45


                                           B  46                                                       P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Management's Discussion and Analysis



Total revenue
Total revenue for the third quarter of 2025 was $11.9 billion and comprises insurance revenue of $5.6 billion ($5.3 billion for the
same quarter last year), net investment income of $2.6 billion ($2.2 billion for the same quarter last year), changes in fair value
through profit or loss on investment assets of positive $1.7 billion (positive $6.9 billion for the same quarter last year) and fee
and other income of $2.0 billion ($1.8 billion for the same quarter last year).
Insurance revenue
Insurance revenue for the third quarter of 2025 was $5.6 billion, an increase of $0.3 billion compared to the same quarter last
year, primarily due to higher earnings from short-term insurance contracts across the business as well as higher CSM
recognized for services provided in the Capital and Risk Solutions and Europe segments.
Total net investment income
Total net investment income, which includes net investment income and changes in fair value on FVTPL assets, for the third
quarter of 2025 decreased by $4.9 billion compared to the same quarter last year.
 •   The changes in fair value in the third quarter of 2025 were an increase of $1.7 billion compared to an increase of $6.9 billion
     in the third quarter of 2024, primarily due to a smaller increase in bond unrealized gains compared to the same quarter last
     year driven by declining bond yields across all geographies.
 •   Net investment income in the third quarter of 2025 of $2.6 billion, which excludes changes in fair value through profit or
     loss, increased by $0.3 billion compared to the same quarter last year, primarily due to an increase in bond volume in
     Europe and Canada as well as the strengthening of the U.S. dollar, British pound and euro against the Canadian dollar.
Fee and other income
Fee and other income for the third quarter of 2025 was $2.0 billion, an increase of $0.2 billion compared to the same quarter last
year, primarily due to higher asset levels from higher equity market levels and business growth in the U.S. segment as well as
asset growth in the Canada segment.




                                                                                                                                                                                 PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
Net earnings
Lifeco's consolidated net earnings attributable to common shareholders were $1,158 million for the third quarter of 2025
compared to $859 million for the same quarter last year. On a per share basis, this represents $1.25 per common share ($1.25
diluted) for the third quarter of 2025 compared to $0.92 per common share ($0.92 diluted) a year ago.

Translation of Foreign Currency
Through its operating subsidiaries, Lifeco conducts business in multiple currencies. The four primary currencies are the
Canadian dollar, the U.S. dollar, the British pound and the euro. Throughout this document, foreign currency assets and
liabilities are translated into Canadian dollars at the market rate at the end of the reporting period. All income and expense
items are translated at an average rate for the period. The rates employed are:

Period ended                                           Sept. 30             June 30             Mar. 31                Dec. 31    Sept. 30         June 30             Mar. 31
                                                          2025                2025                2025                   2024        2024            2024                2024
 United States dollar
 Balance sheet                                   $          1.39 $              1.36 $              1.44 $               1.44 $      1.35 $            1.37 $            1.35
 Income and expenses                             $          1.38 $              1.38 $              1.43 $               1.40 $      1.36 $            1.37 $            1.35

 British pound
 Balance sheet                                   $          1.87 $              1.87 $              1.86 $               1.80 $      1.81 $            1.73 $            1.71
 Income and expenses                             $          1.86 $              1.85 $              1.81 $               1.79 $      1.77 $            1.73 $            1.71

 Euro
 Balance sheet                                   $          1.63 $              1.60 $              1.56 $               1.49 $      1.51 $            1.47 $            1.46
 Income and expenses                             $          1.61 $              1.57 $              1.51 $               1.49 $      1.50 $            1.47 $            1.46

Additional Information
Additional information relating to Lifeco, including Lifeco's most recent consolidated financial statements, CEO/CFO
certification and Annual Information Form are available at www.sedarplus.com.




                                                                                      Great-West Lifeco Inc. Third Quarter 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis        46


                         P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                            B  47
                                  Consolidated Statements of Earnings (unaudited)



                                  (in Canadian $ millions except per share amounts)                            For the three months                                         For the nine months
                                                                                                               ended September 30                                           ended September 30
                                                                                                             2025                         2024                           2025                  2024
                                  Insurance service result
                                    Insurance revenue (note 8)                                    $                   5,594 $                      5,292      $                 16,631 $              15,815
                                    Insurance service expenses                                                       (4,245)                      (4,099)                      (12,836)               (12,223)
                                    Net expense from reinsurance contracts                                              (471)                        (413)                       (1,280)               (1,184)
                                                                                                                        878                           780                         2,515                2,408
                                  Net investment result
                                    Net investment income (note 5)                                                    2,588                        2,249                          7,242                6,998
                                    Changes in fair value on fair value through profit or loss
                                      assets (note 5)                                                                 1,699                        6,906                          3,912                4,657
                                                                                                                      4,287                        9,155                        11,154                11,655
                                    Net finance income (expenses) from insurance contracts                           (2,096)                      (5,662)                        (5,159)               (5,844)
                                    Net finance income (expenses) from reinsurance
                                      contracts                                                                         (145)                           94                            (302)               (71)
                                    Changes in investment contract liabilities                                       (1,410)                      (3,189)                        (4,213)               (3,933)
                                                                                                                        636                           398                         1,480                1,807
                                  Net investment result - insurance contracts on account
                                    of segregated fund policyholders
                                    Net investment income                                                             2,769                        2,498                          4,180                5,417
                                    Net finance income (expenses) from insurance contracts                           (2,769)                      (2,498)                        (4,180)               (5,417)
                                                                                                                          —                             —                               —                  —
                                  Other income and expenses




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                    Fee and other income                                                              1,984                        1,806                          5,843                5,272
                                    Operating and administrative expenses                                            (1,917)                      (1,737)                        (5,525)               (5,169)
                                    Amortization of finite life intangible assets                                       (109)                        (105)                            (332)              (308)
                                    Financing costs                                                                      (88)                          (98)                           (292)              (299)
                                    Restructuring and integration expenses (note 4)                                      (13)                          (23)                           (290)              (118)
                                  Earnings before income taxes                                                        1,371                        1,021                          3,399                3,593
                                  Income taxes (note 14)                                                                189                           131                             376                529
                                  Net earnings from continuing operations before non-
                                     controlling interests                                                            1,182                           890                         3,023                3,064
                                  Attributable to non-controlling interests                                              (22)                           (1)                             —                 72
                                  Net earnings from continuing operations before
                                    preferred share dividends and other equity
                                    distributions                                                                     1,204                           891                         3,023                2,992
                                  Preferred share dividends and other equity distributions                                46                            32                            111                 97
                                  Net earnings from continuing operations                                             1,158                           859                         2,912                2,895
                                  Net loss from discontinued operations                                                   —                             —                               —                (115)
                                  Net gain from disposal of discontinued operations                                       —                             —                               —                 44
                                  Net earnings - common shareholders                              $                   1,158 $                         859     $                   2,912 $              2,824
                                  Earnings per common share (note 12)
                                    Basic                                                         $                     1.25 $                       0.92     $                       3.14 $             3.03
                                    Diluted                                                       $                     1.25 $                       0.92     $                       3.12 $             3.02
                                  Earnings per common share from continuing
                                    operations (note 12)
                                    Basic                                                         $                     1.25 $                       0.92     $                       3.14 $             3.10
                                    Diluted                                                       $                     1.25 $                       0.92     $                       3.12 $             3.10




                                                                                                      Great-West Lifeco Inc. Third Quarter 2025 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements         47


                                       B  48                                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (unaudited)



(in Canadian $ millions)                                                                For the three months                                  For the nine months
                                                                                        ended September 30                                    ended September 30
                                                                                      2025                        2024                     2025                       2024
Net earnings from continuing operations before
  preferred share dividends and other equity
  distributions                                                            $                  1,204 $                       891     $               3,023 $                    2,921
Other comprehensive income (loss)
Items that may be reclassified subsequently to
   Consolidated Statements of Earnings
  Unrealized foreign exchange gains on translation of
    foreign operations                                                                           387                        172                       112                       661
  Foreign exchange translation gains reclassified to
    earnings on disposal of foreign operations                                                     —                          —                         —                       (211)
  Unrealized gains (losses) on hedges of the net investment
    in foreign operations                                                                        (96)                        (70)                    (283)                      (132)
       Income tax (expense) benefit                                                               17                           1                        7                         13
  Unrealized gains on bonds and mortgages at fair value
    through other comprehensive income                                                            27                        255                       141                       221
       Income tax (expense) benefit                                                               (6)                       (52)                      (27)                      (46)
  Realized losses on bonds and mortgages at fair value
    through other comprehensive income (note 5)                                                    —                           1                         7                       39
       Income tax expense (benefit)                                                                —                          —                         —                         (9)
  Unrealized gains on cash flow hedges                                                            33                         81                         88                       48
       Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                (9)                       (22)                      (24)                      (13)
  Realized (gains) losses on cash flow hedges                                                    (27)                        (45)                      (88)                      (41)
       Income tax expense (benefit)                                                                 8                        12                         24                       11




                                                                                                                                                                                        PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
  Non-controlling interests                                                                      (32)                       (105)                      (49)                     (116)
       Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                 9                        29                         14                       33
  Total items that may be reclassified                                                           311                        257                        (78)                     458
Items that will not be reclassified to Consolidated
   Statements of Earnings
  Unrealized gains (losses) on stocks at fair value through
    other comprehensive income                                                                   (31)                        (94)                     122                       (415)
       Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                —                         (83)                       —                         —
  Re-measurements on defined benefit pension and other
    post-employment benefit plans                                                                 37                         (15)                     139                       243
       Income tax (expense) benefit                                                              (11)                          3                       (40)                      (67)
  Non-controlling interests                                                                        (4)                        —                        (14)                      (21)
       Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                 1                         —                          4                         6
  Total items that will not be reclassified                                                        (8)                      (189)                     211                       (254)
Total other comprehensive income                                                                 303                         68                       133                       204
Comprehensive income                                                       $                  1,507 $                       959     $               3,156 $                    3,125




                                                                               Great-West Lifeco Inc. Third Quarter 2025 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements       48


                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                              B  49
                                  Consolidated Balance Sheets (unaudited)



                                  (in Canadian $ millions)                                                                                                      September 30            December 31
                                                                                                                                                                    2025                   2024
                                  Assets
                                  Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                 $                10,736 $          10,709
                                  Bonds (note 5)                                                                                                                            171,482           167,114
                                  Mortgage loans (note 5)                                                                                                                    38,107            38,879
                                  Stocks (note 5)                                                                                                                            20,894            18,826
                                  Investment properties (note 5)                                                                                                              8,149             8,257
                                                                                                                                                                            249,368           243,785

                                  Insurance contract assets (note 9)                                                                                                          1,505             1,193
                                  Reinsurance contract held assets (note 9)                                                                                                  17,311            17,842
                                  Goodwill                                                                                                                                   11,341            11,428
                                  Intangible assets                                                                                                                           4,923             4,958
                                  Derivative financial instruments                                                                                                            1,969             2,431
                                  Owner occupied properties                                                                                                                     833               789
                                  Fixed assets                                                                                                                                  388               346
                                  Accounts and interest receivable                                                                                                            6,185             5,402
                                  Other assets                                                                                                                               15,304            15,265
                                  Current income taxes                                                                                                                          378               272
                                  Deferred tax assets                                                                                                                         2,192             2,066
                                  Investments on account of segregated fund policyholders (note 10)                                                                         546,979           496,386
                                  Total assets                                                                                                              $               858,676 $         802,163

                                  Liabilities
                                  Insurance contract liabilities (note 9)                                                                                   $               160,458 $         155,683
                                  Investment contract liabilities                                                                                                            90,191            90,157
                                  Reinsurance contract held liabilities (note 9)                                                                                                965               795




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  Debentures and other debt instruments                                                                                                       8,737             9,469
                                  Derivative financial instruments                                                                                                            2,365             2,137
                                  Accounts payable                                                                                                                            3,516             3,524
                                  Other liabilities                                                                                                                          10,918            10,230
                                  Current income taxes                                                                                                                          436               294
                                  Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                                                      896               834
                                  Insurance contracts on account of segregated fund policyholders (note 9)                                                                   70,505            66,343
                                  Investment contracts on account of segregated fund policyholders                                                                          476,474           430,043
                                  Total liabilities                                                                                                                         825,461           769,509

                                  Equity
                                  Non-controlling interests
                                     Participating account surplus in subsidiaries                                                                                              3,089             3,041
                                     Non-controlling interests in subsidiaries                                                                                                     67                72
                                  Shareholders' equity
                                     Share capital
                                           Limited recourse capital notes                                                                                                     1,500             1,500
                                           Preferred shares                                                                                                                   2,920             2,720
                                           Common shares (note 11)                                                                                                            6,040             6,071
                                     Accumulated surplus                                                                                                                     17,690            17,266
                                     Accumulated other comprehensive income                                                                                                   1,909             1,776
                                     Contributed surplus                                                                                                                         —                208
                                  Total equity                                                                                                                               33,215            32,654
                                  Total liabilities and equity                                                                                              $               858,676 $         802,163




                                                                                                  Great-West Lifeco Inc. Third Quarter 2025 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements       49


                                       B  50                                          P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity (unaudited)



(in Canadian $ millions)                                                                                         September 30, 2025
                                                                                                                Accumulated
                                                                                                                   other                             Non-
                                                                      Share            Contributed Accumulated comprehensive                      controlling          Total
                                                                     capital             surplus     surplus      income                           interests          equity
Balance, beginning of year                                       $       10,291 $                208 $            17,266 $                1,776 $         3,113 $            32,654
Net earnings from continuing operations before
  preferred share dividends and other equity
  distributions                                                                 —                   —               3,023                    —                —               3,023
Other comprehensive income                                                      —                   —                       —              133               45                178
                                                                         10,291                  208              20,289                  1,909           3,158              35,855
Preferred share dividends and other equity
   distributions (note 12)                                                      —                   —                 (111)                  —                —                (111)
Common share dividends                                                          —                   —              (1,698)                   —                —              (1,698)
Shares exercised and issued under share-based
  payment plans (note 11)                                                       56                (19)                      —                —               16                 53
Shares purchased and cancelled under normal
  course issuer bid (note 11)                                                 (87)               (207)                (786)                  —                —              (1,080)
Equity settlement of subsidiary's share-based plans                             —                   —                       —                —                (8)                (8)
Issuance of preferred shares (note 11)                                       200                    —                       —                —                —                200
Share issue costs (note 11)                                                     —                   —                       (4)              —                —                  (4)
Share-based payment plans expense                                               —                  18                       —                —                —                 18
Derecognition of non-controlling interest in
  subsidiary                                                                    —                   —                       —                —               (10)               (10)
Balance, end of period                                           $       10,460 $                   — $           17,690 $                1,909 $         3,156 $            33,215




                                                                                                                                                                                       PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                                                                                                  September 30, 2024
                                                                                                                                   Accumulated
                                                                                                                                      other            Non-
                                                                      Share            Contributed         Accumulated            comprehensive     controlling         Total
                                                                      capital            surplus             surplus                 income          interests         equity
Balance, beginning of year                                       $        10,220 $                234 $            15,492 $                 890 $         3,015 $            29,851
Net earnings - common shareholders, before
  preferred dividends                                                           —                   —                2,921                   —                72              2,993
Other comprehensive income                                                      —                   —                       —               204               98                302
                                                                          10,220                  234              18,413                 1,094           3,185              33,146
Preferred share dividends (note 12)                                             —                   —                   (97)                 —                —                 (97)
Common share dividends                                                          —                   —               (1,552)                  —                —              (1,552)
Shares exercised and issued under share-based
  payment plans (note 11)                                                       54                   (4)                    —                —                    5              55
Shares purchased and cancelled under normal
  course issuer bid (note 11)                                                   (17)                —                   (98)                 —                —                (115)
Impact of sale of discontinued operations                                       —                  (32)                     —                —               (99)              (131)
Share-based payment plans expense                                               —                    8                      —                —                —                   8
Derecognition of non-controlling interest in
  subsidiary                                                                    —                   —                       —                —                (3)                (3)
Balance, end of period                                           $        10,257 $                206 $            16,666 $               1,094 $         3,088 $            31,311




                                                                             Great-West Lifeco Inc. Third Quarter 2025 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements        50


                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                             B  51
                                  Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (unaudited)



                                  (in Canadian $ millions)                                                                                                                   For the nine months
                                                                                                                                                                             ended September 30
                                                                                                                                                                          2025                 2024
                                  Operations
                                    Earnings before income taxes                                                                                               $                   3,399 $             3,433
                                    Income taxes paid, net of refunds received                                                                                                         (543)            (522)
                                    Adjustments:
                                       Change in insurance contract liabilities                                                                                                    3,454               6,279
                                       Change in investment contract liabilities                                                                                                   3,032              (2,585)
                                       Change in reinsurance contract held liabilities                                                                                                 158              157
                                       Change in reinsurance contract held assets                                                                                                      422              (195)
                                       Change in insurance contract assets                                                                                                             (291)             40
                                       Changes in fair value through profit or loss                                                                                               (3,912)             (4,657)
                                       Sales, maturities and repayments of portfolio investments                                                                                 39,751               31,164
                                       Purchases of portfolio investments                                                                                                       (40,958)             (29,701)
                                       Other                                                                                                                                      (1,489)               (662)
                                                                                                                                                                                   3,023               2,751
                                  Financing Activities
                                    Issue of common shares                                                                                                                              56               54
                                    Issue of preferred shares (note 11)                                                                                                                200                —
                                    Share issue costs (note 11)                                                                                                                          (4)              —
                                    Purchased and cancelled common shares                                                                                                              (705)            (115)




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                    Repayment of senior notes (note 3)                                                                                                                 (689)              —
                                    Decrease in line of credit of subsidiaries                                                                                                           —               (60)
                                    Dividends paid on common shares                                                                                                               (1,698)             (1,552)
                                    Dividends paid on preferred shares                                                                                                                  (97)             (97)
                                                                                                                                                                                  (2,937)             (1,770)
                                  Investment Activities
                                    Impact from sale of discontinued operations                                                                                                          —              (211)
                                    Investment in associates and joint ventures                                                                                                         (15)            (116)
                                    Business acquisitions, net of cash and cash equivalents acquired                                                                                     —               (76)
                                                                                                                                                                                        (15)            (403)

                                  Effect of changes in exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents                                                                                      (44)            192
                                  Increase in cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                                 27              770
                                  Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year                                                                                                   10,709                8,117
                                  Cash and cash equivalents, end of period                                                                                     $                 10,736 $              8,887


                                  Supplementary cash flow information
                                    Interest income received                                                                                                   $                   5,963 $             5,649
                                    Interest paid                                                                                                                                      248              246
                                    Dividend income received                                                                                                                           342              363




                                                                                                     Great-West Lifeco Inc. Third Quarter 2025 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements         51


                                       B  52                                             P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)


(in Canadian $ millions except per share amounts and where otherwise indicated)

1.   Corporate Information
Great-West Lifeco Inc. (Lifeco or the Company) is a publicly listed company (Toronto Stock Exchange: GWO), incorporated
and domiciled in Canada. The registered address of the Company is 100 Osborne Street North, Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada,
R3C 1V3. Lifeco is a member of the Power Corporation of Canada (Power Corporation) group of companies and is a subsidiary
of Power Corporation.
Lifeco is a financial services holding company with interests in the life insurance, health insurance, retirement savings, wealth
and asset management, and reinsurance businesses, primarily in Canada, the United States and Europe through its operating
subsidiaries including The Canada Life Assurance Company (Canada Life) and Empower Annuity Insurance Company of
America (Empower).
The condensed consolidated interim unaudited financial statements (financial statements) of the Company as at and for the
three and nine months ended September 30, 2025 were approved by the Board of Directors on November 5, 2025.

2.   Basis of Presentation and Summary of Material Accounting Policies
These financial statements should be read in conjunction with the Company's December 31, 2024 consolidated annual audited
financial statements and notes thereto.
The financial statements of the Company at September 30, 2025 have been prepared in compliance with the requirements of
International Accounting Standard (IAS) 34, Interim Financial Reporting as issued by the International Accounting Standards
Board (IASB) using the same accounting policies and methods of computation followed in the consolidated annual audited
financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2024 except as described below.




                                                                                                                                                                            PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
Changes in Accounting Policies
The Company adopted the amendments to International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) for IAS 21, The Effects of
Changes in Foreign Exchange Rates effective January 1, 2025. The adoption of these amendments did not have a material impact
on the Company's financial statements.
Use of Significant Judgments, Estimates and Assumptions
In preparation of these financial statements, management is required to make significant judgments, estimates and
assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, net earnings and related disclosures. Although some
uncertainty is inherent in these judgments and estimates, management believes that the amounts recorded are reasonable. Key
sources of estimation uncertainty and areas where significant judgments have been made are further described in the relevant
accounting policies in note 2 of the Company's December 31, 2024 consolidated annual audited financial statements and notes
thereto.

3.   Business Acquisitions and Other Transactions

(a) Sale of U.K. Onshore Bond Business
On December 23, 2024, Canada Life U.K. announced the signing of an agreement to transfer its onshore bond business to
Countrywide Assured plc (Countrywide), a subsidiary of Chesnara plc. Concurrently, the two parties entered into a reinsurance
agreement such that the risks and rewards of the underlying business are transferred to Countrywide. For the year ended
December 31, 2024, the transaction resulted in a net gain of $21 pre-tax, mainly driven by recognition of assets associated with
the reinsurance agreement. The underlying assets and the related liabilities on account of segregated fund policyholders, with
a carrying value of $2,832 as at September 30, 2025 ($2,750 as at December 31, 2024), are to be transferred to Countrywide
pending court approval, which is expected to occur in 2026.
(b) Debentures and Other Debt Instruments
On August 12, 2025, Great-West Lifeco U.S. Finance 2020, LP, a subsidiary of the Company, repaid the principal amount of its
maturing 0.904% U.S. $500 senior notes, together with accrued interest.




                                                                       Great-West Lifeco Inc. Third Quarter 2025 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements   52


                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                            B  53
                                  Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)



                                  4.          Restructuring Expenses
                                  The Company undertakes a variety of initiatives related to operational restructuring, acquisition-related integration and
                                  technology and process modernization. Only the initiatives that qualify as formal restructuring programs in accordance with
                                  IAS 37, Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets, result in a provision. These provisions are described further
                                  below. Other restructuring and business transformation costs that do not qualify are expensed as incurred and are not included
                                  in the amounts described below.
                                  The Company recorded restructuring provisions of $6 and $282 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2025,
                                  respectively. The provisions recorded in the nine months ended September 30, 2025 are related to planned technology and
                                  efficiency initiatives intended to position the Company for future growth and expense savings, primarily driven by initiatives in
                                  Canada of $226 ($186 in the shareholder account and $40 in the participating account) and Europe of $38. The Company
                                  expects to complete these restructuring initiatives within three years. For the three and nine months ended September 30,
                                  2024, the Company recorded restructuring provisions of $23 and $75, respectively.
                                  As at September 30, 2025, the Company has restructuring provisions of $311 remaining in other liabilities ($121 at December
                                  31, 2024).

                                  5.          Portfolio Investments

                                  (a) Carrying Values and Estimated Fair Values of Portfolio Investments are as Follows:
                                                                                                                       September 30, 2025                                           December 31, 2024
                                                                                                              Carrying value                  Fair value                 Carrying value           Fair value
                                      Bonds




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                        Fair value through profit or loss (FVTPL) - designated            $              155,874 $                     155,874 $                    151,369 $           151,369
                                        FVTPL - mandatory                                                                    1,939                        1,939                         1,987              1,987
                                        Fair value through other comprehensive income (FVOCI)                              13,669                        13,669                       13,758              13,758
                                                                                                                         171,482                       171,482                      167,114             167,114
                                      Mortgage loans
                                        FVTPL - designated                                                                 27,142                        27,142                       28,790              28,790
                                        FVTPL - mandatory                                                                    5,481                        5,481                         4,818              4,818
                                        FVOCI                                                                                   318                          318                            461                461
                                        Amortized cost                                                                       5,166                        4,645                         4,810              4,193
                                                                                                                           38,107                        37,586                       38,879              38,262
                                      Stocks
                                        FVTPL - mandatory                                                                  18,810                        18,810                       16,896              16,896
                                        FVOCI - designated 1                                                                 1,015                        1,015                             923                923
                                        Equity method                                                                        1,069                        1,116                         1,007              1,021
                                                                                                                           20,894                        20,941                       18,826              18,840
                                      Investment properties                                                                  8,149                        8,149                         8,257              8,257
                                      Total                                                               $              238,632 $                     238,158 $                    233,076 $           232,473

                                  1    Represents Franklin Templeton common shares received on the sale of Putnam Investments.




                                                                                                          Great-West Lifeco Inc. Third Quarter 2025 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements          53


                                              B  54                                           P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)



(b) Net Investment Income Comprises the Following:
                                                                                             Mortgage                            Investment
For the three months ended September 30, 2025                                Bonds            loans                 Stocks        properties       Other             Total
Net investment income:
  Investment income earned                                              $         1,889 $               383 $             174 $          117 $            129 $            2,692
  Net realized losses on derecognition of FVOCI assets                                 —                  —                  —            —                —                  —
  Gains on derecognition of amortized cost assets                                      —                    1                —            —                —                   1
  Net expected credit loss (ECL) recovery                                              —                    1                —            —                —                   1
  Other income and expenses                                                            —                  —                  —           (57)              (49)             (106)
                                                                                  1,889                 385               174             60               80              2,588
Changes in fair value on FVTPL assets:
  FVTPL - designated                                                                 832                213                  —            —              (193)               852
  FVTPL - mandatory                                                                   14                 (98)             932             —                —                 848
  Recorded at fair value                                                               —                  —                  —             (1)             —                  (1)
                                                                                     846                115               932              (1)           (193)             1,699
Total                                                                   $         2,735 $               500 $            1,106 $          59 $           (113) $           4,287

                                                                                              Mortgage                           Investment
For the three months ended September 30, 2024                                Bonds             loans                Stocks        properties       Other             Total
Net investment income:
  Investment income earned                                              $         1,725 $               379 $             144 $          128 $             (24) $          2,352
  Net realized losses on derecognition of FVOCI assets                                 (1)                —                  —            —                 —                 (1)




                                                                                                                                                                                    PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
  Gains on derecognition of amortized cost assets                                      —                  —                  —            —                 —                 —
  Net ECL recovery                                                                     —                    3                —            —                —                   3
  Other income and expenses                                                            —                  —                  —           (52)              (53)             (105)
                                                                                  1,724                 382               144             76               (77)            2,249
Changes in fair value on FVTPL assets:
  FVTPL - designated                                                              4,428                 773                  —            —               585              5,786
  FVTPL - mandatory                                                                    —                128              1,016            —                 —              1,144
  Recorded at fair value                                                               —                  —                  —           (24)               —                (24)
                                                                                  4,428                 901              1,016           (24)             585              6,906
Total                                                                   $         6,152 $            1,283 $             1,160 $          52 $            508 $            9,155

                                                                                             Mortgage                            Investment
For the nine months ended September 30, 2025                                 Bonds            loans                 Stocks        properties       Other             Total
Net investment income:
  Investment income earned                                              $         5,550 $            1,143 $              477 $          392 $              (9) $          7,553
  Net realized losses on derecognition of FVOCI assets                                 (7)                —                  —            —                —                  (7)
  Gains on derecognition of amortized cost assets                                      —                    2                —            —                —                   2
  Net ECL recovery (charge)                                                            (1)                  6                —            —                —                   5
  Other income and expenses                                                            —                  —                  —          (165)            (146)              (311)
                                                                                  5,542              1,151                477            227             (155)             7,242
Changes in fair value on FVTPL assets:
  FVTPL - designated                                                              1,850                 598                  —            —              (307)             2,141
  FVTPL - mandatory                                                                   23                 (55)            1,892            —                —               1,860
  Recorded at fair value                                                               —                  —                  —           (89)              —                 (89)
                                                                                  1,873                 543              1,892           (89)            (307)             3,912
Total                                                                   $         7,415 $            1,694 $             2,369 $         138 $           (462) $          11,154




                                                                          Great-West Lifeco Inc. Third Quarter 2025 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements        54


                           P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                            B  55
                                  Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)



                                                                                                                          Mortgage                               Investment
                                  For the nine months ended September 30, 2024                           Bonds             loans                Stocks            properties           Other        Total
                                  Net investment income:
                                       Investment income earned                                     $         5,148 $            1,126 $                477 $              379 $           197 $       7,327
                                       Net realized losses on derecognition of FVOCI assets                      (39)                 —                   —                   —                —            (39)
                                       Gains on derecognition of amortized cost assets                            —                    1                  —                   —                —             1
                                       Net ECL recovery                                                           —                    7                  —                   —                —             7
                                       Other income and expenses                                                  —                   —                   —                (146)           (152)        (298)
                                                                                                              5,109              1,134                  477                233                 45      6,998
                                  Changes in fair value on FVTPL assets:
                                       FVTPL - designated                                                     1,794                 890                   —                   —            471         3,155
                                       FVTPL - mandatory                                                           (3)                93             1,524                    —                —       1,614
                                       Recorded at fair value                                                     —                   —                   —                (112)               —        (112)
                                                                                                              1,791                 983              1,524                 (112)           471         4,657
                                  Total                                                             $         6,900 $            2,117 $             2,001 $               121 $           516 $     11,655

                                  Investment income from bonds and mortgages includes interest income, and premium and discount amortization. Investment
                                  income from stocks includes dividends and distributions from private equity funds. Investment properties income includes
                                  rental income earned on investment properties, ground rent income earned on leased and sub-leased land, fee recoveries,
                                  lease cancellation income, and interest and other investment income earned on investment properties. Other investment
                                  income includes foreign exchange gains and losses, income earned from derivative financial instruments, and equity method
                                  income from the investments in IGM Financial Inc. (IGM) and other related parties.

                                  6.      Risk Management




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  The Company has policies relating to the identification, measurement, management, monitoring and reporting of risks
                                  associated with financial instruments and insurance contracts. The key risks related to financial instruments are credit risk,
                                  liquidity risk and market risk (currency, interest rate and equity). The Risk Committee of the Board of Directors is responsible
                                  for the oversight of the Company's key risks. The Company's approach to risk management has not substantially changed from
                                  that described in the Company's 2024 Annual Report. Certain risks have been outlined below. The Company has also
                                  established policies and procedures designed to identify, measure and report all material risks.
                                  (a) Credit Risk
                                  Credit risk is the risk of loss resulting from an obligor's potential inability or unwillingness to fully meet its contractual
                                  obligations.
                                  (i) Concentration of Credit Risk
                                  Concentrations of credit risk arise from exposures to a single obligor, a group of related obligors or groups of obligors that have
                                  similar credit risk characteristics and operate in the same geographic region or in similar industries. The characteristics are
                                  similar in that changes in economic or political environments may impact their ability to meet obligations as they come due.
                                  No significant changes have occurred from the year ended December 31, 2024.
                                  (ii) Expected Credit Losses
                                  The majority of the Company's financial assets are measured at FVTPL and therefore are not subject to the ECL model. The
                                  ECL model only applies to FVOCI and amortized cost fixed income investments. The ECL allowance was $28 at September 30,
                                  2025, of which $4 was Stage 1, $17 was Stage 2 and $7 was Stage 3 ($33 at December 31, 2024, of which $5 was Stage 1, $21 was
                                  Stage 2 and $7 was Stage 3).
                                  (iii) Credit Impact on Financial Assets and Liabilities Designated as FVTPL
                                  The carrying value of the Company’s financial assets and liabilities designated as FVTPL represents the maximum exposure to
                                  credit risk for those financial instruments. The change in fair value attributable to the change in credit risk of these financial
                                  instruments is generally insignificant in the absence of significant credit events occurring on specific financial instruments. Fair
                                  value losses of $7 and $132 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2025, respectively ($22 and $46 for the three
                                  and nine months ended September 30, 2024) are reflected in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings related to significant
                                  credit events occurring on financial instruments designated as FVTPL.




                                                                                                     Great-West Lifeco Inc. Third Quarter 2025 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements            55


                                          B  56                                          P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)



(b) Liquidity Risk
Liquidity risk is the risk that the Company will not be able to meet all cash outflow obligations as they come due. The following
policies and procedures are in place to manage this risk:
•     The Company closely manages operating liquidity through cash flow matching of assets and liabilities and forecasting
      earned and required yields, to ensure consistency between policyholder requirements and the yield of assets.
•     Management closely monitors the solvency and capital positions of its principal subsidiaries opposite liquidity
      requirements at the holding company. Additional liquidity is available through established lines of credit or via capital
      market transactions. The Company maintains committed lines of credit with Canadian chartered banks.
(c)    Market Risk
Market risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument and the value of insurance and
investment contract liabilities will fluctuate as a result of changes in market factors which include three types: currency risk,
interest rate (including related inflation) risk and equity risk.
Caution Related to Risk Sensitivities
These financial statements include estimates of sensitivities and risk exposure measures for certain risks, such as the sensitivity
due to specific changes in interest rate levels projected and market prices as at the valuation date. Actual results can differ
significantly from these estimates for a variety of reasons including, but not limited to, changes in the Company’s asset or
liability profile, changes in business mix, effective income tax rates, other market factors, differences in the actual exposure
relative to broad market indices, variation in exposures by geography, and general limitations of the Company’s internal
models.
For these reasons, the sensitivities should only be viewed as directional estimates of the underlying sensitivities for the
respective factors. Given the nature of these calculations, the Company cannot provide assurance that the actual impact on




                                                                                                                                                                              PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
shareholders' net earnings will be as indicated.
(i) Currency Risk
Currency risk relates to the Company operating and holding financial instruments in different currencies. For the assets
backing insurance and investment contract liabilities that are not matched by currency, changes in foreign exchange rates can
expose the Company to the risk of foreign exchange losses not offset by liability decreases.
•     A 10% weakening of the Canadian dollar against foreign currencies would be expected to increase non-participating
      insurance and investment contract liabilities and their supporting assets by approximately the same amount resulting in
      an immaterial immediate change to net earnings. A 10% strengthening of the Canadian dollar against foreign currencies
      would be expected to decrease non-participating insurance and investment contract liabilities and their supporting assets
      by approximately the same amount resulting in an immaterial immediate change in shareholders' net earnings.
The Company has net investments in foreign operations. The Company’s debt obligations are denominated in Canadian
dollars, euros, and U.S. dollars. In accordance with IFRS, foreign currency translation gains and losses from net investments in
foreign operations, net of related hedging activities and tax effects, are recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income.
Strengthening or weakening of the Canadian dollar spot rate compared to the U.S. dollar, British pound and euro spot rates
impacts the Company’s total equity. Correspondingly, the Company’s book value per share and capital ratios monitored by
rating agencies are also impacted.
(ii) Interest Rate Risk
Interest rate risk exists if asset and liability cash flows are not closely matched and interest rates change, causing a difference in
the value of assets and the value of liabilities. The following policies and procedures are in place to mitigate the Company's
exposure to interest rate risk:
•     Interest rate risk is managed by investing in assets that are suitable for the products sold.
•     The Company utilizes a formal process for managing the matching of assets and liabilities. This involves grouping general
      fund assets and liabilities into segments. Assets in each segment are managed in relation to the liabilities in the segment.
•     For products with fixed and highly predictable benefit payments, investments are generally made in fixed income assets or
      investment properties whose cash flows closely match the liability product cash flows. Where assets are not available to
      match certain period cash flows, such as long-tail cash flows, a portion of these are invested in equities and other non-fixed
      income assets, while the rest are duration matched.
•     Hedging instruments are employed when there is a lack of suitable permanent investments or to manage the level of loss
      exposure to interest rate changes.


                                                                         Great-West Lifeco Inc. Third Quarter 2025 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements   56


                          P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                            B  57
                                  Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)


                                  •   To the extent asset and liability cash flows are matched, protection against interest rate change is achieved and any change
                                      in the fair value of the assets will be offset by a similar change in the fair value of the liabilities.
                                  •   For products with less predictable timing of benefit payments, investments are made in fixed income assets with cash flows
                                      of a shorter duration than the anticipated timing of benefit payments, or equities and other non-fixed income assets.
                                  •   The risk associated with the mismatch in portfolio duration and cash flow, asset prepayment exposure and the pace of
                                      asset acquisition are quantified and reviewed regularly.
                                  The impact to shareholders' net earnings from changes in the interest rates would be largely offset by changes in the value of
                                  financial assets supporting the liabilities. However, differences in the interest rate sensitivity in the value of assets and the value
                                  of insurance and investment contract liabilities leads to a sensitivity to interest rate movements in shareholders' net earnings.
                                  The Company's asset liability management strategy uses public equities and other non-fixed income assets as a component of
                                  general fund assets supporting liabilities, which leads to interest rate exposure in shareholders' net earnings. Further, the
                                  classification of financial assets, such as mortgage assets in the United Kingdom which are carried at amortized cost and held in
                                  the general fund assets supporting liabilities, also contributes to interest rate exposure in shareholders' net earnings.
                                  The impact to shareholders' net earnings and equity from an immediate parallel 50 basis point increase or decrease in interest
                                  rates is illustrated in the table below, rounded to the nearest $25:
                                  Change in Market Yield Curves

                                                                                                           September 30, 2025                                           December 31, 2024
                                                                                               Increase 50 basis            Decrease 50 basis              Increase 50 basis            Decrease 50 basis
                                                                                                points interest              points interest                 points interest             points interest
                                                                                                     rates                       rates                           rates                        rates
                                  Shareholders' net earnings                                  $                      75 $                       (100) $                         125 $                (150)




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  Shareholders' equity                                                               50                         (100)                           75                   (125)

                                  The sensitivities above reflect the immediate impacts on shareholders' net earnings and shareholders’ equity from market
                                  movements.
                                  Actual impacts of interest rate changes will vary depending upon the geography where the changes occur. Net earnings are
                                  positively impacted by a parallel increase in interest rates in Canada, United States and the United Kingdom, and are positively
                                  impacted by a parallel decrease in interest rates in the eurozone. Actual impacts of interest rate changes also vary by the level of
                                  change in interest rates by term. Therefore, actual impacts from interest rate changes may differ from the estimated impact of
                                  parallel movements in all geographies, which is presented above.
                                  The potential impact on shareholders' net earnings of the Company does not take into account any future potential changes to
                                  the Company's ultimate investment rate (UIR) assumptions. As at both September 30, 2025 and December 31, 2024, the
                                  sensitivity of shareholders' net earnings of the Company to a 10 basis point increase or decrease in the UIR in all geographies
                                  would be an increase of $10 or a decrease of $10 post-tax, respectively, when rounded to the nearest $10.
                                  The impact to shareholders' net earnings and equity from an immediate parallel 50 basis point increase or decrease in credit
                                  spreads is illustrated in the table below, rounded to the nearest $25, with no change to the ultimate illiquidity premium:
                                  Change in Credit Spreads

                                                                                                           September 30, 2025                                           December 31, 2024
                                                                                               Increase 50 basis            Decrease 50 basis              Increase 50 basis            Decrease 50 basis
                                                                                                 points credit                points credit                  points credit                points credit
                                                                                                    spreads                     spreads                         spreads                     spreads
                                  Shareholders' net earnings                                  $                     175 $                       (225) $                         250 $                (300)
                                  Shareholders' equity                                                              250                         (325)                           325                  (400)

                                  The sensitivities above reflect the immediate impacts on shareholders' net earnings and shareholders’ equity from market
                                  movements.
                                  Actual impacts of credit spread changes will vary depending on the geographies where the changes occur, and the changes in
                                  credit spreads by term. A change in credit spreads may also lead to a change in the allowance for credit risk within the discount
                                  rate, depending on prevailing market and credit conditions at the time; any potential earnings impacts that may arise from
                                  such a change are not reflected in the sensitivities above.




                                                                                              Great-West Lifeco Inc. Third Quarter 2025 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements             57


                                       B  58                                      P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)



(iii) Equity Risk
Equity risk is the uncertainty associated with the valuation of assets and liabilities arising from changes in equity markets and
other pricing risk. To mitigate this risk, the Company has investment policy guidelines in place that provide for prudent
investment in equity markets within clearly defined limits. The risks associated with segregated fund guarantees on lifetime
Guaranteed Minimum Withdrawal Benefits have been mitigated through a hedging program using equity futures, currency
forwards, and interest rate derivatives.
Some insurance and investment contract liabilities with long-tail cash flows are supported by publicly traded common stocks
and investments in other non-fixed income assets, primarily comprised of investment properties, real estate funds, private
stocks, and equity release mortgages. Shareholders' net earnings will reflect changes in the values of non-fixed income assets.
However, in most cases the value of the liabilities will not fluctuate with changes in the value of the non-fixed income assets.
The liabilities for segregated fund products with guarantees will fluctuate with changes in the value of the non-fixed income
assets. Under current market conditions, there are no material earnings impacts to the Company on segregated fund business
that it does not hedge, as changes in the cost of guarantees are offset within the contractual service margin (CSM). For
segregated fund business that the Company hedges, there is a limited earnings impact with respect to the change in liability
versus the change in hedge assets.
The following table provides information on the expected impacts of an immediate 10% or 20% increase or decrease in the
value of publicly traded common stocks on the shareholders' net earnings and equity, rounded to the nearest $25:
Change in Publicly Traded Common Stock Values

                                             September 30, 2025                                                                   December 31, 2024
                          20%                10%                  10%                  20%                    20%                 10%               10%             20%
                        increase           increase             decrease             decrease               increase            increase          decrease        decrease




                                                                                                                                                                                  PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
Shareholders' net
  earnings          $              75 $                50 $                 (50) $               (75) $                 100 $              50 $          (50) $           (100)
Shareholders'
  equity                        525                  275                  (275)                (525)                    525            250              (250)             (525)

The sensitivities above reflect the immediate impacts on shareholders' net earnings and shareholders’ equity from market
movements.
The following table provides information on the expected impacts of an immediate 5% or 10% increase or decrease in the value
of other non-fixed income assets on the shareholders' net earnings and equity, rounded to the nearest $25:
Change in Other Non-Fixed Income Asset Values

                                             September 30, 2025                                                                   December 31, 2024
                          10%                 5%                  5%                   10%                    10%                 5%                5%              10%
                        increase            increase            decrease             decrease               increase            increase          decrease        decrease
Shareholders' net
  earnings          $           425 $                225 $                (225) $              (450) $                  425 $          225 $            (225) $           (450)
Shareholders'
  equity                        475                  225                  (250)                (500)                    475            250              (250)             (500)

The sensitivities above reflect the immediate impacts on shareholders' net earnings and shareholders’ equity from market
movements.

7.   Fair Value Measurement
The Company’s assets and liabilities recorded at fair value have been categorized based upon the following fair value hierarchy:
Level 1: Fair value measurements utilize observable, quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or
liabilities that the Company has the ability to access. Assets and liabilities utilizing Level 1 inputs include actively exchange-
traded equity securities, exchange-traded futures, and mutual and segregated funds which have available prices in an active
market with no redemption restrictions.
Level 2: Fair value measurements utilize inputs other than quoted prices included in Level 1 that are observable for the asset or
liability, either directly or indirectly. Level 2 inputs include quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets, and
inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability, such as interest rates and yield curves that are
observable at commonly quoted intervals. Level 2 assets and liabilities include those priced using a matrix which is based on
credit quality and average life, government and agency securities, restricted stock, some private bonds and investment funds,


                                                                         Great-West Lifeco Inc. Third Quarter 2025 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements       58


                          P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                             B  59
                                  Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)


                                  most investment-grade and high-yield corporate bonds, most asset-backed securities, most over-the-counter derivatives, and
                                  mortgage loans. Investment contracts that are measured at FVTPL are mostly included in the Level 2 category. Notes issued by
                                  consolidated Collateralized Loan Obligations (CLOs) are measured at FVTPL and included in Level 2.
                                  Level 3: Fair value measurements utilize one or more significant inputs that are not based on observable market inputs and
                                  include situations where there is little, if any, market activity for the asset or liability. The values of the majority of Level 3
                                  securities were obtained from single broker quotes, internal pricing models, or external appraisers. Assets and liabilities
                                  utilizing Level 3 inputs generally include certain bonds, certain asset-backed securities, some private equities, investments in
                                  mutual and segregated funds where there are redemption restrictions, certain over-the-counter derivatives, investment
                                  properties and equity release mortgages.
                                  The following presents the Company’s assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis by hierarchy level:

                                                                                                             September 30, 2025                                                    December 31, 2024
                                      Assets measured at fair value                          Level 1         Level 2         Level 3            Total            Level 1           Level 2        Level 3     Total
                                      Cash and cash equivalents                          $     10,736 $              — $               — $        10,736 $          10,709 $                — $         — $    10,709
                                      Financial assets at FVTPL
                                         Bonds                                                     —          157,537                276        157,813                   —         153,178            178    153,356
                                         Mortgage loans                                            —           27,142             5,481           32,623                  —          28,790          4,818     33,608
                                         Stocks                                                12,258              221            6,331           18,810            11,055                260        5,581     16,896
                                      Total financial assets at FVTPL                          12,258         184,900           12,088          209,246             11,055          182,228         10,577    203,860
                                      Financial assets at FVOCI
                                         Bonds                                                     —           13,669                  —          13,669                  —          13,758             —      13,758
                                         Mortgage loans                                            —               318                 —              318                 —               461           —         461




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                         Stocks                                                 1,015                —                 —            1,015               923                 —           —         923
                                      Total financial assets at FVOCI                           1,015          13,987                  —          15,002                923          14,219             —      15,142
                                      Investment properties                                        —                 —            8,149             8,149                 —                 —        8,257      8,257
                                      Derivatives 1                                                —            1,969                  —            1,969                  1           2,430            —       2,431
                                      Other assets:
                                         Trading account assets                                   253           3,820                  —            4,073               252            3,449            —       3,701
                                         Other 2                                                   —               141                 —              141                 —               219           —         219
                                      Total assets measured at fair value                $     24,262 $ 204,817 $               20,237 $ 249,316 $                  22,940 $ 202,545 $              18,834 $ 244,319


                                      Liabilities measured at fair value
                                      Mortgage on investment property                    $         — $               52 $              — $              52 $              — $              54 $         — $           54
                                      Derivatives 3                                                    5        2,360                  —            2,365                 —            2,137            —       2,137
                                      Investment contract liabilities                              —           90,191                  —          90,191                  —          90,157             —      90,157
                                      Collateralized loan obligation liabilities                   —            4,028                  —            4,028                 —            3,791            —       3,791
                                      Other liabilities 2                                          —               141                 —              141                 —               219           —         219
                                      Total liabilities measured at fair value           $             5 $     96,772 $                — $        96,777 $                — $        96,358 $           — $    96,358

                                  1     Excludes collateral received from counterparties of $552 at September 30, 2025 ($1,199 at December 31, 2024).
                                  2     Includes collateral received under securities lending arrangements.
                                  3     Excludes collateral pledged to counterparties of $1,351 at September 30, 2025 ($1,337 at December 31, 2024).

                                  There were no transfers of the Company's assets and liabilities between Level 1 and Level 2 during the period ended September
                                  30, 2025 and the year ended December 31, 2024.




                                                                                                               Great-West Lifeco Inc. Third Quarter 2025 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements           59


                                            B  60                                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)


The following presents additional information about assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis and for
which the Company has utilized Level 3 inputs to determine fair value:

                                                                                                             For the nine months ended September 30, 2025
                                                                                                              FVTPL                                            Assets        Total
                                                                                              FVTPL          mortgage            FVTPL       Investment       held for      Level 3
                                                                                              bonds           loans             stocks 3      properties        sale        assets
    Balance, beginning of year                                                            $          178 $         4,818 $         5,581 $        8,257 $            — $         18,834
    Total gains (losses)
      Included in net earnings                                                                         (5)            124            201             (89)            —             231
      Included in other comprehensive income 1                                                         4              129             (74)             8             —               67
    Purchases                                                                                         25               —              923            363             —            1,311
    Issues                                                                                            —               608              —              —              —              608
    Sales                                                                                             (4)              —             (300)          (390)            —             (694)
    Settlements                                                                                        —             (198)             —              —              —             (198)
    Transferred to owner occupied properties                                                           —               —               —              —              —               —
    Transfers into Level 3 2                                                                          78              —               —              —               —               78
    Transfers out of Level 3 2                                                                        —               —               —              —               —               —
    Balance, end of period                                                                $          276 $         5,481 $         6,331 $        8,149 $            — $         20,237
    Total gains (losses) for the period included in net investment
      result                                                                              $            (5) $          124 $          201 $           (89) $          — $           231
    Change in unrealized gains (losses) for the period included in
      net earnings for assets held at September 30, 2025                                  $            (5) $          119 $          179 $           (88) $          — $           205




                                                                                                                                                                                            PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                                                                                                    For the year ended December 31, 2024
                                                                                                              FVTPL                                            Assets         Total
                                                                                              FVTPL          mortgage            FVTPL       Investment       held for       Level 3
                                                                                              bonds           loans             stocks 3      properties        sale         assets
    Balance, beginning of year                                                            $          252 $         4,203 $         3,809 $        7,870 $          907 $         17,041
    Total gains (losses)
      Included in net earnings                                                                         7              200            556            (153)            —              610
      Included in other comprehensive income 1                                                        —               153            107             265             —              525
    Purchases                                                                                         29               —           1,407             618             —            2,054
    Sale of discontinued operations                                                                   —                —               —              —            (907)           (907)
    Issues                                                                                            —               481              —              —              —              481
    Sales                                                                                            (27)              —             (299)          (334)            —             (660)
    Settlements                                                                                       —              (219)             —              —              —             (219)
    Transferred to owner occupied properties                                                          —                —               —              (9)            —               (9)
    Transfers into Level 3 2                                                                          —                —                1             —              —                1
    Transfers out of Level 3 2                                                                       (83)             —               —              —               —              (83)
    Balance, end of year                                                                  $          178 $         4,818 $         5,581 $        8,257 $            — $         18,834
    Total gains (losses) for the year included in net investment result                   $             7 $           200 $          556 $          (153) $          — $           610
    Change in unrealized gains (losses) for the year included in earnings
      for assets held at December 31, 2024                                                $             7 $           191 $          556 $          (165) $          — $           589

1    Amount of other comprehensive income for FVTPL bonds, mortgage loans and investment properties represents the unrealized gains (losses) on foreign exchange.
2    Transfers into Level 3 are due primarily to decreased observability of inputs in valuation methodologies or the placement of redemption restrictions on investments in
     mutual and segregated funds. Transfers out of Level 3 are due primarily to increased observability of inputs in valuation methodologies as evidenced by corroboration of
     market prices with multiple pricing vendors or the lifting of redemption restrictions on investments in mutual and segregated funds.
3    Includes investments in mutual and segregated funds where there are redemption restrictions. The fair value is based on observable, quoted prices.




                                                                                 Great-West Lifeco Inc. Third Quarter 2025 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements         60


                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                              B  61
                                  Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)


                                  The following sets out information about significant unobservable inputs used at period-end in measuring assets and liabilities
                                  categorized as Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy:

                                                                                                                                                                                 Inter-relationship between
                                                                                                    Significant                                                                  key unobservable inputs
                                  Type of asset            Valuation approach                       unobservable input               Input value                                 and fair value measurement
                                  Investment               Investment property valuations are Discount rate                          Range of 4.5% - 14.4%                       A decrease in the discount rate
                                  properties               generally determined using                                                                                            would result in an increase in
                                                           property valuation models based on                                                                                    fair value. An increase in the
                                                           expected capitalization rates and                                                                                     discount rate would result in a
                                                           models that discount expected                                                                                         decrease in fair value.
                                                           future net cash flows. The
                                                           determination of the fair value of     Reversionary rate                  Range of 4.4% - 8.0%                        A decrease in the reversionary
                                                           investment property requires the                                                                                      rate would result in an
                                                           use of estimates such as future cash                                                                                  increase in fair value. An
                                                           flows (such as future leasing                                                                                         increase in the reversionary
                                                           assumptions, rental rates, capital                                                                                    rate would result in a decrease
                                                           and operating expenditures) and                                                                                       in fair value.
                                                           discount, reversionary and overall     Vacancy rate                       Weighted average of 6.9%                    A decrease in the expected
                                                           capitalization rates applicable to the                                                                                vacancy rate would generally
                                                           asset based on current market                                                                                         result in an increase in fair
                                                           rates.                                                                                                                value. An increase in the
                                                                                                                                                                                 expected vacancy rate would
                                                                                                                                                                                 generally result in a decrease
                                                                                                                                                                                 in fair value.
                                  Mortgage loans -         The valuation approach for equity    Discount rate                        Range of 4.9% - 6.6%                        A decrease in the discount rate
                                  equity release           release mortgages is to use an                                                                                        would result in an increase in
                                  mortgages (FVTPL)        internal valuation model to                                                                                           fair value. An increase in the
                                                           determine the projected asset cash                                                                                    discount rate would result in a
                                                           flows, including the cost of the no                                                                                   decrease in fair value.
                                                           negative equity guarantee for each
                                                           individual loan, to aggregate these
                                                           across all loans and to discount




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                                           those cash flows back to the
                                                           valuation date. The projection is
                                                           done monthly until expected
                                                           redemption of the loan either
                                                           voluntarily or on the death/entering
                                                           into long term care of the
                                                           loanholders.

                                  Stocks categorized as level 3 in the fair value hierarchy relate to limited partnership investments. The significant unobservable
                                  input used in the valuation of these investments is the Company's invested portion of the net asset value provided by
                                  management of the limited partnerships.

                                  8.      Insurance Revenue

                                                                                                                  For the three months                                         For the nine months
                                                                                                                  ended September 30                                           ended September 30
                                                                                                                2025                         2024                           2025                   2024
                                  Contracts not measured under the premium allocation
                                    approach (PAA)
                                  Amounts relating to changes in liabilities for remaining
                                    coverage
                                       Experience adjustments                                        $                      (32) $                        (17) $                         (77) $              (48)
                                       CSM recognized for services provided                                                341                           321                         1,012                  943
                                       Change in risk adjustment for non-financial risk for risk
                                         expired                                                                           168                           168                             470                474
                                       Expected incurred claims and other insurance service
                                         expenses                                                                        2,497                        2,396                          7,418                 7,095
                                       Recovery of insurance acquisition cash flows                                        163                           148                             491                436
                                                                                                                         3,137                        3,016                          9,314                 8,900
                                  Contracts measured under the PAA                                                       2,457                        2,276                          7,317                 6,915
                                  Total insurance revenue                                            $                   5,594 $                      5,292      $                 16,631 $               15,815




                                                                                                         Great-West Lifeco Inc. Third Quarter 2025 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements         61


                                          B  62                                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)



9.     Insurance Contracts and Reinsurance Contracts Held

(a) Insurance Contract (Assets) / Liabilities
                                                                                                      September 30, 2025
                                                                  Not measured under the PAA
                                                 Estimates of              Risk adjustment
                                               present value of            for non-financial
                                              future cash flows                  risk                            CSM                    PAA                      Total

Assets                                       $                 (7,125) $                     1,554 $                       4,264 $               (198) $                   (1,505)
Liabilities                                                 131,101                          5,103                        10,248              14,006                   160,458
Liabilities on account of segregated
   fund policyholders                                         70,505                              —                           —                     —                      70,505
                                             $              194,481 $                        6,657 $                      14,512 $            13,808 $                 229,458

                                                                                                       December 31, 2024
                                                                    Not measured under the PAA
                                                    Estimates of             Risk adjustment
                                                  present value of           for non-financial
                                                 future cash flows                 risk                          CSM                    PAA                       Total
Assets                                       $                 (4,397) $                        584 $                      2,672 $                 (52) $                  (1,193)
Liabilities                                                 124,143                          6,155                        11,768              13,617                   155,683
Liabilities on account of segregated
   fund policyholders                                         66,343                              —                           —                     —                      66,343
                                             $              186,089 $                        6,739 $                      14,440 $            13,565 $                 220,833




                                                                                                                                                                                     PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
(b) Reinsurance Contract Held Assets / (Liabilities)
                                                                                                      September 30, 2025
                                                                  Not measured under the PAA
                                                 Estimates of              Risk adjustment
                                               present value of            for non-financial
                                              future cash flows                  risk                            CSM                    PAA                      Total

Assets                                       $                16,127 $                          722 $                       311 $                 151 $                    17,311
Liabilities                                                    (2,627)                       1,093                          590                    (21)                      (965)
                                             $                13,500 $                       1,815 $                        901 $                 130 $                    16,346

                                                                                                       December 31, 2024
                                                                    Not measured under the PAA
                                                    Estimates of             Risk adjustment
                                                  present value of           for non-financial
                                                 future cash flows                 risk                          CSM                    PAA                       Total
Assets                                       $                16,644 $                          731 $                       344 $                 123 $                    17,842
Liabilities                                                    (2,488)                       1,021                          728                    (56)                      (795)
                                             $                14,156 $                       1,752 $                       1,072 $                  67 $                   17,047




                                                                           Great-West Lifeco Inc. Third Quarter 2025 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements        62


                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                            B  63
                                  Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)



                                  (c)         Discount Rates
                                  The following table provides the lower and upper end of the range of the spot rates used by the Company to discount liability
                                  cash flows by major currency:

                                                  September 30, 2025                          Year 1               Year 5                Year 10                 Year 20                Year 30        Year 50
                                                               Lower                               3.0 %                  3.4 %                   3.9 %                   4.2 %                4.3 %         4.8 %
                                      CAD
                                                               Upper                               4.0 %                  4.3 %                   4.8 %                   5.2 %                5.3 %         5.2 %
                                                               Lower                               4.2 %                  4.4 %                   4.8 %                   5.6 %                5.5 %         5.1 %
                                      USD
                                                               Upper                               4.8 %                  4.9 %                   5.4 %                   6.2 %                6.0 %         5.4 %
                                                               Lower                               2.5 %                  2.8 %                   3.2 %                   3.8 %                4.0 %         4.5 %
                                      EUR
                                                               Upper                               3.2 %                  3.5 %                   4.0 %                   4.5 %                4.7 %         4.6 %
                                                               Lower                               4.3 %                  4.7 %                   5.3 %                   6.2 %                6.3 %         4.5 %
                                      GBP
                                                               Upper                               5.1 %                  5.4 %                   6.1 %                   6.9 %                7.0 %         5.3 %

                                                  December 31, 2024                           Year 1               Year 5                 Year 10                Year 20                 Year 30       Year 50
                                                               Lower                               4.2 %                  4.2 %                   4.5 %                   4.6 %                4.6 %         4.9 %
                                      CAD
                                                               Upper                               4.6 %                  4.6 %                   4.9 %                   5.0 %                5.0 %         5.0 %
                                                               Lower                               4.9 %                  5.2 %                   5.4 %                   5.8 %                5.6 %         5.1 %
                                      USD
                                                               Upper                               5.4 %                  5.7 %                   5.8 %                   6.2 %                5.9 %         5.3 %
                                                               Lower                               2.5 %                  2.5 %                   2.8 %                   3.0 %                3.2 %         4.3 %
                                      EUR
                                                               Upper                               3.6 %                  3.6 %                   3.8 %                   4.0 %                4.1 %         4.5 %
                                                               Lower                               4.9 %                  4.8 %                   5.1 %                   5.7 %                5.7 %         4.3 %
                                      GBP




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                                               Upper                               5.7 %                  5.5 %                   5.9 %                   6.5 %                6.5 %         5.1 %

                                  The spot rates in the table above are calculated based on prevailing interest rates observed in their respective markets. When
                                  interest rates are not observable, the yield curve to discount cash flows transitions to an ultimate rate composed of a risk-free
                                  rate and illiquidity premium. These amounts are set based on historical data.
                                  (d) Impact of Assumption Changes and Management Actions
                                  In the third quarter of 2025, the Company completed certain assumption reviews and model refinements related to insurance
                                  contract liabilities. The following table shows the net earnings and CSM impacts of assumption changes and management
                                  actions for the three months ended September 30, 2025 and September 30, 2024:

                                                                                                                     Net earnings
                                                      Assumptions                          CSM impacts 1           impact (pre-tax)                                            Description
                                      For the three months ended
                                      September 30, 2025
                                      Longevity                                        $                    30 $                         18 Updates to reflect recent longevity experience, primarily on
                                                                                                                                            portfolios in the Capital and Risk Solutions segment and the
                                                                                                                                            Europe segment
                                      Mortality                                                            (24)                         (27) Updates to reflect recent mortality on the U.S. life
                                                                                                                                             reinsurance portfolio in the Capital and Risk Solutions
                                                                                                                                             segment, and recent mortality experience and trends in the
                                                                                                                                             Canada segment
                                      Policyholder behaviour                                             (184)                           50 Updates to lapse assumptions on universal life insurance in
                                                                                                                                            the Canada segment
                                      Other                                                                 17                          (66) Other updates, including financial and expense assumptions
                                      Total                                            $                 (161) $                        (25)


                                      For the three months ended
                                      September 30, 2024 2
                                      Total                                            $                  294 $                       (235)

                                  1    Excludes participating and segregated fund policies.
                                  2    Comparative figures have been restated to remove the impact of assumption changes on segregated fund policies to conform to the current period's presentation.




                                                                                                             Great-West Lifeco Inc. Third Quarter 2025 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements       63


                                              B  64                                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)



10. Segregated Funds
The following presents further details of the investments, determined in accordance with the relevant statutory reporting
requirements of each region of the Company's operations, on account of segregated fund policyholders:
(a) Investments on Account of Segregated Fund Policyholders
                                                                                                                                                September 30           December 31
                                                                                                                                                   2025                     2024
    Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                              $              21,799 $                   18,895
    Bonds                                                                                                                                                 76,869                     74,444
    Mortgage loans                                                                                                                                          2,069                     2,083
    Stocks and units in unit trusts                                                                                                                    175,665                   154,439
    Mutual funds                                                                                                                                       257,459                   232,073
    Investment properties                                                                                                                                 11,189                     11,317
                                                                                                                                                       545,050                   493,251
    Accrued income                                                                                                                                           955                        882
    Other liabilities                                                                                                                                     (6,030)                     (3,829)
    Non-controlling mutual funds interest                                                                                                                   7,004                     6,082
    Total 1, 2                                                                                                                             $           546,979 $                 496,386

1     At September 30, 2025, $60,734 of investments on account of segregated fund policyholders are reinsured by the Company on a modified coinsurance basis ($65,315 at
      December 31, 2024). Included in this amount are $675 of cash and cash equivalents, $10,170 of bonds, $19 of stocks and units in unit trusts, $49,892 of mutual funds, $76
      of accrued income and $(98) of other liabilities.




                                                                                                                                                                                                PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
2     At September 30, 2025, $2,832 of investments on account of segregated fund policyholders on the Company’s Consolidated Balance Sheets are expected to be transferred
      to Countrywide in 2026 ($2,750 as at December 31, 2024) (note 3). Included in this amount are $97 of cash and cash equivalents, $2,757 of stocks and units in unit trusts
      and $(22) of other liabilities.

(b) Changes in Insurance and Investment Contracts on Account of Segregated Fund Policyholders
                                                                                                                                                     For the nine months
                                                                                                                                                     ended September 30
                                                                                                                                                   2025                     2024
    Balance, beginning of year                                                                                                             $           496,386 $                 422,956
       Additions (deductions):
          Policyholder deposits                                                                                                                           47,415                     43,834
          Net investment income                                                                                                                             3,997                     3,730
          Net realized capital gains (losses) on investments                                                                                              14,681                      8,336
          Net unrealized capital gains (losses) on investments                                                                                            24,024                     36,240
          Unrealized gains (losses) due to changes in foreign exchange rates                                                                                5,487                     9,318
          Policyholder withdrawals                                                                                                                     (45,956)                      (45,438)
          Change in segregated fund investment in general fund                                                                                                13                         (20)
          Change in general fund investment in segregated fund                                                                                                 (1)                         1
          Net transfer from (to) general fund                                                                                                                 11                         10
          Non-controlling mutual funds interest                                                                                                              922                      2,889
    Total                                                                                                                                                 50,593                     58,900
    Balance, end of period                                                                                                                 $           546,979 $                 481,856

(c)         Investments on Account of Segregated Fund Policyholders by Fair Value Hierarchy Level
                                                                                                                               September 30, 2025
                                                                                            Level 1                       Level 2                 Level 3                  Total
    Investments on account of segregated fund
      policyholders 1                                                               $                404,719 $                      133,195 $             14,141 $                   552,055

1     Excludes other liabilities, net of other assets, of $5,076.




                                                                                     Great-West Lifeco Inc. Third Quarter 2025 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements         64


                                      P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                            B  65
                                  Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)



                                                                                                                                                           December 31, 2024
                                                                                                                          Level 1                      Level 2            Level 3                               Total

                                      Investments on account of segregated fund
                                         policyholders 1                                                         $               348,889 $                     136,947 $                      13,354 $               499,190

                                  1    Excludes other liabilities, net of other assets, of $2,804.

                                  For the nine months ended September 30, 2025, certain foreign stock holdings valued at $2,003 have been transferred from
                                  Level 2 to Level 1 ($1,624 were transferred from Level 1 to Level 2 at December 31, 2024) primarily based on the Company's
                                  change in use of inputs in addition to quoted prices in active markets for certain foreign stock holdings. Level 2 assets include
                                  those assets where fair value is not available from normal market pricing sources, where inputs are utilized in addition to
                                  quoted prices in active markets and where the Company does not have access to the underlying asset details within an
                                  investment fund.
                                  The following presents additional information about the Company's investments on account of segregated fund policyholders
                                  for which the Company has utilized Level 3 inputs to determine fair value:

                                                                                                                                                                               September 30                 December 31
                                                                                                                                                                                      2025                      2024
                                      Balance, beginning of year                                                                                                           $                 13,354 $                   13,792
                                      Total gains (losses) included in segregated fund investment income                                                                                           (161)                  (758)
                                      Purchases                                                                                                                                                1,400                     1,130
                                      Sales                                                                                                                                                        (488)                  (872)
                                      Transfers into Level 3                                                                                                                                        54                       97
                                      Transfers out of Level 3                                                                                                                                      (18)                   (35)




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                      Balance, end of period                                                                                                               $                 14,141 $                   13,354

                                  Transfers into Level 3 are due primarily to decreased observability of inputs in valuation methodologies. Transfers out of Level
                                  3 are due primarily to increased observability of inputs in valuation methodologies as evidenced by corroboration of market
                                  prices with multiple pricing vendors.

                                  11. Share Capital

                                  Common Shares
                                                                                                                                             For the nine months ended September 30
                                                                                                                                         2025                                                        2024
                                                                                                                        Number                   Carrying value                     Number                  Carrying value
                                      Common shares
                                      Balance, beginning of year                                                          932,107,643 $                          6,071               932,427,987 $                       6,000
                                      Exercised and issued under stock option plan                                            1,519,098                               56                 1,476,916                           54
                                      Purchased and cancelled under normal course issuer bid                               (13,292,799)                            (696)                (2,700,000)                       (114)
                                      Excess of redemption proceeds over stated capital per
                                        normal course issuer bid                                                                         —                          609                              —                       97
                                      Balance, end of period                                                              920,333,942 $                          6,040               931,204,903 $                       6,037

                                  During the nine months ended September 30, 2025, 1,519,098 common shares were exercised under the Company's stock plan
                                  with a carrying value of $56, including $19 from contributed surplus transferred upon exercise (1,476,916 with a carrying value
                                  of $54, including $4 from contributed surplus transferred upon exercise for the nine months ended September 30, 2024).
                                  On January 2, 2025, the Company announced the renewal of its normal course issuer bid (NCIB) that commenced on January 6,
                                  2025 and will terminate on January 5, 2026 to purchase for cancellation up to but not more than 20,000,000 of its common
                                  shares at market prices. On September 3, 2025, the Company announced an amendment to its current NCIB to increase the
                                  maximum number of common shares that may be repurchased to 40,000,000. Additionally, the Toronto Stock Exchange
                                  approved an amendment that permits the Company to purchase its shares from Power Financial Corporation and certain of its
                                  wholly-owned subsidiaries (collectively, PFC) in connection with the NCIB, in order for PFC to maintain its proportionate
                                  interest in the Company. The NCIB amendments became effective on September 5, 2025.
                                  During the first quarter of 2025, the Company entered into an Automatic Share Purchase Plan (ASPP) with a broker to facilitate
                                  repurchases of common shares under the NCIB, including at times when the Company would ordinarily not be permitted to
                                  make purchases due to regulatory restrictions or self-imposed blackout periods. In the third quarter of 2025, the Company

                                                                                                                 Great-West Lifeco Inc. Third Quarter 2025 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements                65


                                              B  66                                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)


amended its ASPP to reflect the NCIB amendments. As at September 30, 2025, an obligation for the repurchase of shares of
$375 was recognized in other liabilities under the ASPP, with a corresponding reduction in contributed surplus of $207 and
accumulated surplus of $168.
During the nine months ended September 30, 2025, the Company repurchased and subsequently cancelled 13,292,799
common shares under the current NCIB at a cost of $696 (2,700,000 common shares at a cost of $114 for the nine months ended
September 30, 2024, under the previous NCIB). The Company’s share capital was reduced by the average carrying value of the
shares repurchased for cancellation. The excess paid over the average carrying value, including associated taxes and other
related fees, was $618 and was recognized as a reduction to accumulated surplus for the nine months ended September 30,
2025 ($98 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, under the previous NCIB).
Preferred Shares
On September 24, 2025, the Company issued 8,000,000, 5.70% Non-Cumulative First Preferred Shares, Series Z at $25.00 per
share for gross proceeds of $200. The shares are redeemable at the option of the Company on or after September 30, 2030 for
$25.00 plus a premium if redeemed prior to September 30, 2034, in each case together with all declared and unpaid dividends
up to but excluding the date of redemption. Transaction costs incurred in connection with the preferred share issue of $5 ($4
after-tax) were charged to accumulated surplus.

12. Earnings Per Common Share
The following provides the reconciliation between basic and diluted earnings per common share:

                                                                                     For the three months                                  For the nine months
                                                                                     ended September 30                                    ended September 30
                                                                                   2025                        2024                     2025                       2024
Earnings




                                                                                                                                                                                     PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
Net earnings from continuing operations before preferred
  share dividends and other equity distributions                        $                  1,204 $                        891     $              3,023 $                    2,992
Preferred share dividends and other equity distributions                                      (46)                         (32)                   (111)                       (97)
Net earnings from continuing operations                                                    1,158                          859                    2,912                      2,895
Net loss from discontinued operations                                                           —                          —                         —                       (115)
Net gain from disposal of discontinued operations                                               —                          — $—                      —                        44
Net earnings - common shareholders                                      $                  1,158 $                        859     $              2,912 $                    2,824


Number of common shares
Average number of common shares outstanding                                       923,683,139                  931,524,928              927,954,464               932,249,369
Add: Potential exercise of outstanding stock options                                  4,427,646                   2,739,169                4,335,213                 2,659,860
Average number of common shares outstanding -
  diluted basis                                                                   928,110,785                  934,264,097              932,289,677               934,909,229


Basic earnings per common share                                         $                    1.25 $                       0.92    $               3.14 $                     3.03


Diluted earnings per common share                                       $                    1.25 $                       0.92    $               3.12 $                     3.02


Basic earnings per common share from continuing
  operations                                                            $                    1.25 $                       0.92    $               3.14 $                     3.10


Diluted earnings per common share from continuing
  operations                                                            $                    1.25 $                       0.92    $               3.12 $                     3.10


Dividends per common share                                              $                  0.610 $                       0.555    $              1.830 $                    1.665

13. Capital Management

(a) Policies and Objectives
Managing capital is the continual process of establishing and maintaining the quantity and quality of capital appropriate for
the Company and ensuring capital is deployed in a manner consistent with the expectations of the Company’s stakeholders.
For these purposes, the Board considers the key stakeholders to be the Company’s shareholders, policyholders and holders of



                                                                            Great-West Lifeco Inc. Third Quarter 2025 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements       66


                           P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                              B  67
                                  Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)


                                  subordinated liabilities in addition to the relevant regulators in the various jurisdictions where the Company and its
                                  subsidiaries operate.
                                  The Company manages its capital on both a consolidated basis as well as at the individual operating subsidiary level. The
                                  primary objectives of the Company’s capital management strategy are:
                                  •       To maintain the capitalization of its regulated operating subsidiaries at a level that will exceed the relevant minimum
                                          regulatory capital requirements in the jurisdictions in which they operate;
                                  •       To maintain strong credit and financial strength ratings of the Company ensuring stable access to capital markets; and
                                  •       To provide an efficient capital structure to maximize shareholders' value in the context of the Company’s operational risks
                                          and strategic plans.
                                  The target level of capitalization for the Company and its subsidiaries is assessed by considering various factors such as the
                                  probability of falling below the minimum regulatory capital requirements in the relevant operating jurisdiction, the views
                                  expressed by various credit rating agencies that provide financial strength and other ratings to the Company, and the desire to
                                  hold sufficient capital to be able to honour all policyholder and other obligations of the Company with a high degree of
                                  confidence.
                                  Management is responsible for establishing capital management procedures for implementing and monitoring the capital
                                  plan. The capital planning process is the responsibility of the Company’s Chief Financial Officer. The capital plan is approved
                                  by the Company’s Board of Directors on an annual basis. The Board of Directors reviews and approves all material capital
                                  transactions undertaken by management.
                                  (b) Regulatory Capital
                                  In Canada, The Office of the Superintendent of Financial Institutions (OSFI) has established a regulatory capital adequacy




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  measurement for life insurance companies incorporated under the Insurance Companies Act (Canada) and their subsidiaries.
                                  The Life Insurance Capital Adequacy Test (LICAT) Ratio compares the regulatory capital resources of a company to its required
                                  capital, defined by OSFI, as the aggregate of all defined capital requirements. The total capital resources are provided by the
                                  sum of Available Capital, Surplus Allowance and Eligible Deposits.
                                  The following provides a summary of the LICAT information and ratio for Canada Life:

                                                                                                                                                                            September 30               December 31
                                                                                                                                                                                   2025                   2024
                                      Tier 1 Capital                                                                                                                    $              21,250      $         20,142
                                      Tier 2 Capital                                                                                                                                     7,695                5,253
                                      Total Available Capital                                                                                                                          28,945                25,395
                                      Surplus Allowance and Eligible Deposits                                                                                                            5,220                5,130
                                      Total Capital Resources                                                                                                           $              34,165      $         30,525
                                      Required Capital                                                                                                                  $              26,101      $         23,516
                                      Total LICAT Ratio (OSFI Supervisory Target = 100%) 1                                                                                                 131 %                 130 %

                                  1    Total Ratio (%) = (Total Capital Resources / Required Capital)

                                  Other foreign operations and foreign subsidiaries of the Company are required to comply with local capital or solvency
                                  requirements in their respective jurisdictions.




                                                                                                              Great-West Lifeco Inc. Third Quarter 2025 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements           67


                                           B  68                                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)



14. Income Taxes

(a) Income Tax Expense
Income tax recognized in Consolidated Statements of Earnings:

                                                                                     For the three months                                  For the nine months
                                                                                     ended September 30                                    ended September 30
                                                                                   2025                        2024                     2025                       2024
Current income tax
  Current income tax                                                    $                     223 $                      104   $                   432 $                    460
  Global Minimum Tax (GMT)                                                                     38                        23                        106                      89
Total current income tax                                                                      261                        127                       538                      549
Total deferred income tax                                                                     (72)                         4                      (162)                     (20)
Total income tax expense                                                $                     189 $                      131   $                   376 $                    529

(b) Effective Income Tax Rate
The effective income tax rates are generally lower than the Company's statutory income tax rate of 28.0% due to benefits related
to non-taxable investment income and lower income tax in certain foreign jurisdictions.
The effective income tax rate for the three months ended September 30, 2025 of 13.8% was higher than 12.8% for the three
months ended September 30, 2024 primarily due to lower non-taxable investment income partially offset by the jurisdictional
mix of earnings.
The effective income tax rate for the nine months ended September 30, 2025 of 11.1% was lower than 14.7% for the nine months




                                                                                                                                                                                   PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
ended September 30, 2024 primarily due to changes in certain tax estimates relating to prior year tax matters as well as the
jurisdictional mix of earnings.
The effective income tax rate for the shareholder account for the three months ended September 30, 2025 was 16.0% compared
to 16.1% for the three months ended September 30, 2024.
The effective income tax rate for the shareholder account for the nine months ended September 30, 2025 was 13.2% compared
to 16.9% for the nine months ended September 30, 2024.
The Company has applied the mandatory temporary exception in IAS 12, Income Taxes from recognizing and disclosing
deferred tax assets and liabilities related to the GMT.




                                                                            Great-West Lifeco Inc. Third Quarter 2025 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements     68


                           P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                              B  69
                                  Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)



                                  15. Segmented Information

                                  (a) Consolidated Net Earnings
                                      For the three months ended September 30, 2025
                                                                                                                                                                        Capital and
                                                                                                                United                                                     Risk
                                                                                                                States             Canada              Europe            Solutions             Corporate       Total
                                      Segment revenue
                                        Insurance revenue 1                                                 $             — $            2,362 $             1,847 $             1,330 $              55 $        5,594
                                        Net investment income 2                                                         940              1,030                  396                142                80          2,588
                                        Changes in fair value on FVTPL assets 2                                         764              1,385                 (365)               (142)              57          1,699
                                                                                                                      1,704              4,777               1,878               1,330               192          9,881
                                        Fee and other income 3                                                        1,188                 530                 236                    3              27          1,984
                                                                                                                      2,892              5,307               2,114               1,333               219        11,865
                                      Other insurance results
                                        Insurance service expenses                                                        —              (1,515)            (1,541)             (1,076)              (113)       (4,245)
                                        Net income from reinsurance contracts                                             —                (404)                 (52)                 (6)              (9)         (471)
                                                                                                                          —              (1,919)            (1,593)             (1,082)              (122)       (4,716)
                                  Other investment results
                                        Net finance income (expenses) from insurance contracts                            —              (2,234)                134                103                (99)       (2,096)
                                        Net finance income (expenses) from reinsurance contracts                          —                    (3)             (134)                   1               (9)         (145)
                                        Changes in investment contract liabilities                                   (1,361)                 (34)                 —                 (14)               (1)       (1,410)




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                                                                                                     (1,361)             (2,271)                  —                  90              (109)       (3,651)
                                      Net investment result - insurance contracts on account
                                        of segregated fund policyholders
                                        Net investment income                                                             —              2,228                  541                   —                —          2,769
                                        Net finance income (expenses) from insurance contracts                            —              (2,228)               (541)                  —                —         (2,769)
                                                                                                                          —                   —                   —                   —                —               —
                                      Other income and expenses
                                        Operating and administrative expenses                                        (1,032)               (509)               (275)                (12)              (89)       (1,917)
                                        Amortization of finite life intangible assets                                    (58)                (33)                (15)                 —                (3)         (109)
                                        Financing costs                                                                    (2)                —                   —                   (1)             (85)             (88)
                                        Restructuring and integration expenses                                             (7)                —                   (6)                 —                —               (13)
                                      Earnings (loss) before income taxes                                               432                 575                 225                328               (189)        1,371
                                      Income taxes                                                                        56                114                  37                  48               (66)         189
                                      Net earnings (loss) from continuing operations before
                                        non-controlling interests                                                       376                 461                 188                280               (123)        1,182
                                      Attributable to non-controlling interests                                           —                  (22)                 —                   —                —               (22)
                                      Net earnings (loss) from continuing operations before
                                        preferred share dividends and other equity
                                        distributions                                                                   376                 483                 188                280               (123)        1,204
                                      Preferred share dividends and other equity distributions                            —                   —                   —                   —               46               46
                                      Net earnings (loss) - common shareholders                             $           376 $               483 $               188 $              280 $             (169) $      1,158

                                  1    Included within insurance service result in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.
                                  2    Included within net investment result in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.
                                  3    Included within other income and expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.




                                                                                                             Great-West Lifeco Inc. Third Quarter 2025 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements               69


                                           B  70                                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)



    For the three months ended September 30, 2024 1
                                                                                                                                          Capital and
                                                                                    United                                                   Risk
                                                                                    States             Canada              Europe          Solutions      Corporate         Total
    Segment revenue
      Insurance revenue 2                                                      $              — $           2,312 $             1,689 $         1,235 $           56 $            5,292
      Net investment income 3                                                               881                823                411               2            132              2,249
      Changes in fair value on FVTPL assets 3                                            2,541              3,576                 486            167             136              6,906
                                                                                         3,422              6,711               2,586           1,404            324             14,447
      Fee and other income 4                                                             1,069                 480                229               3             25              1,806
                                                                                         4,491              7,191               2,815           1,407            349             16,253
    Other insurance results
      Insurance service expenses                                                              —             (1,536)             (1,449)        (1,028)           (86)            (4,099)
      Net income (expenses) from reinsurance contracts                                        —               (361)                (33)           (10)             (9)             (413)
                                                                                              —             (1,897)             (1,482)        (1,038)           (95)            (4,512)
Other investment results
      Net finance income (expenses) from insurance contracts                                  —             (4,092)              (991)           (319)          (260)            (5,662)
      Net finance income (expenses) from reinsurance contracts                                —                    3                91              8              (8)              94
      Changes in investment contract liabilities                                        (3,079)                 (72)                (2)           (36)             —             (3,189)
                                                                                        (3,079)             (4,161)              (902)           (347)          (268)            (8,757)
    Net investment result - insurance contracts on account of
      segregated fund policyholders
      Net investment income                                                                   —             1,905                 593              —               —              2,498




                                                                                                                                                                                           PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
      Net finance income (expenses) from insurance contracts                                  —             (1,905)              (593)             —               —             (2,498)
                                                                                              —                  —                  —              —              —                  —
    Other income and expenses
      Operating and administrative expenses                                                (926)              (484)              (225)             (9)           (93)            (1,737)
      Amortization of finite life intangible assets                                         (55)                (31)               (17)            —               (2)             (105)
      Financing costs                                                                         (1)                —                  —              (1)           (96)               (98)
      Restructuring and integration expenses                                                  —                  —                 (23)            —              —                 (23)
    Earnings (loss) before income taxes                                                     430                618                166              12           (205)             1,021
    Income taxes                                                                             57                120                  22             (7)           (61)               131
    Net earnings (loss) from continuing operations before non-
     controlling interests                                                                  373                498                144              19           (144)               890
    Attributable to non-controlling interests                                                 —                   (1)               —              —              —                  (1)
    Net earnings (loss) from continuing operations before
      preferred share dividends                                                             373                499                144              19           (144)               891
    Preferred share dividends                                                                 —                  —                  —              —              32                32
    Net earnings (loss) - common shareholders                                  $            373 $              499 $              144 $            19 $         (176) $             859

1    The Company has reclassified certain comparative figures to conform to the current period’s presentation. These classifications had no impact on the equity, net earnings
     or cash flows of the Company.
2    Included within insurance service result in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.
3    Included within net investment result in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.
4    Included within other income and expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.




                                                                                 Great-West Lifeco Inc. Third Quarter 2025 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements        70


                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                            B  71
                                  Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)



                                      For the nine months ended September 30, 2025
                                                                                                                                                                        Capital and
                                                                                                                United                                                     Risk
                                                                                                                States             Canada              Europe            Solutions             Corporate       Total
                                      Segment revenue
                                        Insurance revenue 1                                                 $             — $            7,168 $             5,388 $             3,908 $             167 $      16,631
                                        Net investment income 2                                                       2,769              2,615               1,296                 293               269          7,242
                                        Changes in fair value on FVTPL assets 2                                       2,211              2,226                 (385)               (302)             162          3,912
                                                                                                                      4,980             12,009               6,299               3,899               598        27,785
                                        Fee and other income 3                                                        3,465              1,517                  702                  11              148          5,843
                                                                                                                      8,445             13,526               7,001               3,910               746        33,628
                                      Other insurance results
                                        Insurance service expenses                                                        —              (4,854)            (4,595)             (3,175)              (212)      (12,836)
                                        Net income from reinsurance contracts                                             —              (1,121)               (105)                (29)              (25)       (1,280)
                                                                                                                          —              (5,975)            (4,700)             (3,204)              (237)      (14,116)
                                  Other investment results
                                        Net finance income (expenses) from insurance contracts                            —              (4,382)               (596)               137               (318)       (5,159)
                                        Net finance income (expenses) from reinsurance contracts                          —                    (5)             (280)                   3              (20)         (302)
                                        Changes in investment contract liabilities                                   (4,088)                 (83)                 —                 (38)               (4)       (4,213)
                                                                                                                     (4,088)             (4,470)               (876)               102               (342)       (9,674)
                                      Net investment result - insurance contracts on account
                                        of segregated fund policyholders
                                        Net investment income                                                             —              3,584                  596                   —                —          4,180




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                        Net finance income (expenses) from insurance contracts                            —              (3,584)               (596)                  —                —         (4,180)
                                                                                                                          —                   —                   —                   —                —               —
                                      Other income and expenses
                                        Operating and administrative expenses                                        (2,926)             (1,509)               (808)                (36)             (246)       (5,525)
                                        Amortization of finite life intangible assets                                  (178)                 (97)                (48)                 (1)              (8)         (332)
                                        Financing costs                                                                    (5)                —                   —                   (3)            (284)         (292)
                                        Restructuring and integration expenses                                           (16)              (226)                 (39)                 (9)              —           (290)
                                      Earnings (loss) before income taxes                                             1,232              1,249                  530                759               (371)        3,399
                                      Income taxes                                                                      213                 212                  49                101               (199)         376
                                      Net earnings (loss) from continuing operations before
                                         non-controlling interests                                                    1,019              1,037                  481                658               (172)        3,023
                                      Attributable to non-controlling interests                                           —                    (2)                —                   —                 2              —
                                      Net earnings (loss) from continuing operations before
                                        preferred share dividends and other equity
                                        distributions                                                                 1,019              1,039                  481                658               (174)        3,023
                                      Preferred share dividends and other equity distributions                            —                   —                   —                   —              111           111
                                      Net earnings (loss) - common shareholders                             $         1,019 $            1,039 $                481 $              658 $             (285) $      2,912

                                  1    Included within insurance service result in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.
                                  2    Included within net investment result in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.
                                  3    Included within other income and expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.




                                                                                                             Great-West Lifeco Inc. Third Quarter 2025 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements             71


                                           B  72                                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)



    For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 1
                                                                                                                                          Capital and
                                                                                    United                                                   Risk
                                                                                    States             Canada              Europe          Solutions      Corporate         Total
    Segment revenue
      Insurance revenue 2                                                      $              — $           7,095 $             4,892 $         3,654 $          174 $           15,815
      Net investment income 3                                                            2,738              2,598               1,160            209             293              6,998
      Changes in fair value on FVTPL assets 3                                            2,024              3,080                (437)           (106)            96              4,657
                                                                                         4,762             12,773               5,615           3,757            563             27,470
      Fee and other income 4                                                             3,113              1,414                 654              10             81              5,272
                                                                                         7,875             14,187               6,269           3,767            644             32,742
    Other insurance results
      Insurance service expenses                                                              —             (4,809)             (4,197)        (3,034)          (183)            (12,223)
      Net income (expenses) from reinsurance contracts                                        —             (1,058)                (81)           (20)           (25)             (1,184)
                                                                                              —             (5,867)             (4,278)        (3,054)          (208)            (13,407)
Other investment results
      Net finance income (expenses) from insurance contracts                                  —             (4,967)              (467)           (145)          (265)             (5,844)
      Net finance income (expenses) from reinsurance contracts                                —                   (8)              (42)             8            (29)                (71)
      Changes in investment contract liabilities                                        (3,770)               (133)                 (1)           (28)             (1)            (3,933)
                                                                                        (3,770)             (5,108)              (510)           (165)          (295)             (9,848)
    Net investment result - insurance contracts on account of
      segregated fund policyholders
      Net investment income                                                                   —             4,204               1,213              —               —              5,417




                                                                                                                                                                                            PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
      Net finance income (expenses) from insurance contracts                                  —             (4,204)             (1,213)            —               —              (5,417)
                                                                                              —                  —                  —              —              —                   —
    Other income and expenses
      Operating and administrative expenses                                             (2,761)             (1,455)              (698)            (23)          (232)             (5,169)
      Amortization of finite life intangible assets                                        (164)                (90)               (46)            (1)             (7)              (308)
      Financing costs                                                                         (5)                —                  —              (3)          (291)               (299)
      Restructuring and integration expenses                                                (72)                (23)               (23)            —              —                 (118)
    Earnings (loss) before income taxes                                                  1,103              1,644                 714            521            (389)             3,593
    Income taxes                                                                            207                309                123              68           (178)               529
    Net earnings (loss) from continuing operations before non-
     controlling interests                                                                  896             1,335                 591            453            (211)             3,064
    Attributable to non-controlling interests                                                 —                  72                 —              —              —                  72
    Net earnings (loss) from continuing operations before
      preferred share dividends                                                             896             1,263                 591            453            (211)             2,992
    Preferred share dividends                                                                 —                  —                  —              —              97                 97
    Net earnings (loss) from continuing operations                                          896             1,263                 591            453            (308)             2,895
    Net loss from discontinued operations                                                  (115)                 —                  —              —              —                 (115)
    Net gain from disposal of discontinued operations                                        44                  —                  —              —              —                  44
    Net earnings (loss) - common shareholders                                  $            825 $           1,263 $               591 $          453 $          (308) $           2,824

1    The Company has reclassified certain comparative figures to conform to the current period’s presentation. These classifications had no impact on the equity, net earnings
     or cash flows of the Company.
2    Included within insurance service result in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.
3    Included within net investment result in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.
4    Included within other income and expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.

During the first quarter of 2025, the Company realigned certain activities to Corporate from other operating segments of the
Company. The adjustments had no impact on the total net earnings or cash flows of the Company. The comparative figures are
reclassified to be consistent.




                                                                                 Great-West Lifeco Inc. Third Quarter 2025 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements         72


                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                            B  73
                                  Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)



                                  Revenue by Source Currency for Capital and Risk Solutions
                                                                                                              For the three months                                         For the nine months
                                                                                                              ended September 30                                           ended September 30
                                                                                                            2025                         2024                           2025                    2024
                                  Revenue
                                  United States                                                  $                     422 $                         511     $                   1,158 $                1,113
                                  United Kingdom                                                                       569                           752                         1,686                  1,659
                                  Japan                                                                                 (60)                           52                            (142)                (27)
                                  Other                                                                                402                             92                        1,208                  1,022
                                  Total revenue                                                  $                   1,333 $                      1,407      $                   3,910 $                3,767

                                  Negative income in the table above is primarily due to unrealized fair value losses through profit or loss on bonds.
                                  (b) Consolidated Total Assets and Liabilities
                                                                                                                                         September 30, 2025
                                                                                               United                                                                Capital and Risk
                                                                                               States                   Canada                    Europe                Solutions               Total
                                  Assets
                                  Invested assets                                       $              90,346 $                102,211 $                 45,643 $                    11,168 $      249,368
                                  Insurance contract assets                                                314                      424                       532                       235             1,505
                                  Reinsurance contract held assets                                     12,168                    1,221                      3,812                       110            17,311
                                  Goodwill and intangible assets                                        6,380                    6,689                      3,195                        —             16,264
                                  Other assets                                                         16,033                    6,644                      4,422                       150            27,249




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  Investments on account of segregated fund
                                     policyholders                                                   232,990                   123,408                  190,581                          —         546,979
                                  Total                                                 $            358,231 $                 240,597 $                248,185 $                    11,663 $      858,676


                                  Liabilities
                                  Insurance contract liabilities                        $              18,149 $                 91,374 $                 43,913 $                     7,022 $      160,458
                                  Investment contract liabilities                                      85,611                    3,572                        399                       609            90,191
                                  Reinsurance contract held liabilities                                    153                      318                       452                        42              965
                                  Other liabilities                                                    11,466                   10,503                      3,688                     1,211            26,868
                                  Insurance contracts on account of segregated fund
                                     policyholders                                                     14,516                   38,051                   17,938                          —             70,505
                                  Investment contracts on account of segregated fund
                                     policyholders                                                   218,474                    85,357                  172,643                          —         476,474
                                  Total                                                 $            348,369 $                 229,175 $                239,033 $                     8,884 $      825,461




                                                                                                     Great-West Lifeco Inc. Third Quarter 2025 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements          73


                                          B  74                                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)



                                                                                                                          December 31, 2024
                                                                                United                                                             Capital and Risk
                                                                                States                   Canada                    Europe             Solutions                      Total
    Assets
    Invested assets                                                      $             89,768 $                 98,262 $               44,321 $              11,434 $                  243,785
    Insurance contract assets                                                              335                      434                     353                     71                       1,193
    Reinsurance contract held assets                                                   12,756                     1,216                 3,746                     124                    17,842
    Goodwill and intangible assets                                                      6,667                     6,645                 3,074                       —                    16,386
    Other assets                                                                       16,741                     5,769                 3,982                       79                   26,571
    Investments on account of segregated fund
       policyholders                                                                 215,986                  114,547                 165,853                       —                  496,386
    Total                                                                $           342,253 $                226,873 $               221,329 $              11,708 $                  802,163


    Liabilities
    Insurance contract liabilities                                       $             18,881 $                 87,250 $               42,066 $               7,486 $                  155,683
    Investment contract liabilities                                                    85,470                     3,698                     330                   659                    90,157
    Reinsurance contract held liabilities                                                  159                      283                     313                     40                        795
    Other liabilities                                                                  12,523                     9,572                 3,456                     937                    26,488
    Insurance contracts on account of segregated fund
       policyholders                                                                   14,409                   35,893                 16,041                       —                    66,343
    Investment contracts on account of segregated fund
       policyholders                                                                 201,577                    78,654                149,812                       —                  430,043
    Total                                                                $           333,019 $                215,350 $               212,018 $               9,122 $                  769,509




                                                                                                                                                                                                      PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
Assets by Source Currency for Capital and Risk Solutions
                                                                                                                                                September 30              December 31
                                                                                                                                                    2025                         2024
    Assets
    United States                                                                                                                           $               4,802 $                          4,792
    United Kingdom                                                                                                                                          3,497                            3,694
    Japan                                                                                                                                                   2,891                            2,926
    Other                                                                                                                                                    473                              296
    Total assets                                                                                                                            $              11,663 $                      11,708

(c)         CSM
                                                                                                   For the nine months ended September 30, 2025
                                                                         Non-Participating (excluding Segregated Funds)
                                                                                                                      Capital
                                                                      United                                         and Risk                      Segregated
                                                                      States         Canada          Europe          Solutions        Total          Funds               Par           Total 1
    CSM, beginning of year                                           $        55 $         690 $          3,664 $          2,436 $     6,845 $             3,268 $ 3,255 $ 13,368
       CSM recognized for services provided                                    (6)          (51)            (242)            (199)      (498)               (303)         (115)              (916)
       Contracts initially recognized in the year                             —              33              146               78           257              98                83             438
       Changes in estimates that adjust the CSM                               15           (162)                7              42           (98)             64            194                160
       Net finance (income) expenses from insurance
         contracts                                                              2            14               68               49           133              (11)              —              122
       Effect of movement in exchange rates                                    (3)           —               208              104           309             138                (8)            439
    CSM, end of period                                               $        63 $         524 $          3,851 $          2,510 $     6,948 $             3,254 $ 3,409 $ 13,611

1     The amounts in the table above are presented net of reinsurance.




                                                                                     Great-West Lifeco Inc. Third Quarter 2025 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements               74


                                     P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                                     B  75
                                  Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)



                                                                                                                                       For the year ended December 31, 2024
                                                                                                        Non-Participating (excluding Segregated Funds)
                                                                                                                                                  Capital
                                                                                                   United                                        and Risk                         Segregated
                                                                                                   States         Canada         Europe          Solutions          Total           Funds               Par        Total 1
                                      CSM, beginning of year                                   $          24 $       1,159 $          3,255 $          1,745 $        6,183 $              3,298 $ 3,154 $ 12,635
                                        CSM recognized for services provided                               (5)         (103)            (286)            (178)          (572)                (408)       (151)       (1,131)
                                        Contracts initially recognized in the year                        —              36             371               251            658                     170      119           947
                                        Changes in estimates that adjust the CSM                          31           (431)              79              477            156                     197      113           466
                                        Net finance (income) expenses from insurance
                                          contracts                                                         1            29               79                47           156                     (17)         —         139
                                        Effect of movement in exchange rates                                4            —              166                 94           264                     28           20        312
                                      CSM, end of year                                         $          55 $         690 $          3,664 $          2,436 $        6,845 $              3,268 $ 3,255 $ 13,368

                                  1    The amounts in the table above are presented net of reinsurance.




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.




                                                                                                                 Great-West Lifeco Inc. Third Quarter 2025 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements               75


                                           B  76                                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
                               IGM Financial Inc.
                                                  PART C




Management’s Discussion and Analysis
PAGE C 2



Financial Statements and Notes
PAGE C 71




Please note that the bottom of each page in Part C contains two different
page numbers. A page number with the preﬁx “C” refers to the number of
such page in this document and the page number without any preﬁx refers to
the number of such page in the original document issued by IGM Financial Inc.



The attached documents concerning IGM Financial Inc. are documents
prepared and publicly disclosed by such subsidiary, and are available under
such subsidiary’s proﬁle on SEDAR+, at www.sedarplus.ca. Certain statements
in the attached documents, other than statements of historical fact, are
forward-looking statements based on certain assumptions and reﬂect the
current expectations of the subsidiary as set forth therein. Forward-looking
statements are provided for the purposes of assisting the reader in understanding
the subsidiary’s ﬁnancial performance, ﬁnancial position and cash ﬂows as at
and for the periods ended on certain dates and to present information about
the subsidiary’s management’s current expectations and plans relating to the
future and the reader is cautioned that such statements may not be appropriate for
other purposes.

By its nature, forward-looking information is subject to inherent risks and




                                                                                                     PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
uncertainties that may be general or speciﬁc and which give rise to the possibility
that expectations, forecasts, predictions, projections or conclusions will not
prove to be accurate, that assumptions may not be correct and that objectives,
strategic goals and priorities will not be achieved.

For further information provided by the subsidiary as to the material factors
that could cause actual results to differ materially from the content of forward-
looking statements, the material factors and assumptions that were applied
in making the forward-looking statements, and the subsidiary’s policy for
updating the content of forward-looking statements, please see the attached
documents, including the section entitled Forward-looking Statements. The
reader is cautioned to consider these factors and assumptions carefully and
not to put undue reliance on forward-looking statements.




P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5   C  1
                              Management’s Discussion and Analysis
                              The Management’s Discussion and Analysis (MD&A) presents management’s view of the results of operations and
                              financial condition of IGM Financial Inc. (IGM Financial or the Company) as at and for the three and nine months
                              ended September 30, 2025 and should be read in conjunction with the unaudited Interim Condensed Consolidated
                              Financial Statements (Interim Financial Statements) as well as the 2024 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report and the 2025
                              IGM Financial Inc. First and Second Quarter Reports to Shareholders filed on www.sedarplus.ca. Commentary in the
                              MD&A as at and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2025 is as of November 6, 2025.

                              Basis of Presentation and Summary of Accounting Policies
                              The Interim Financial Statements of IGM Financial, which are the basis of the information presented in the Company’s
                              MD&A, have been prepared in accordance with International Accounting Standard 34, Interim Financial Reporting
                              and are presented in Canadian dollars (Note 2 of the Interim Financial Statements).

                              Forward-looking Statements
                              Certain statements in this report, other than statements of historical                  affect the operations, performance and results of the Company
                              fact, are forward-looking statements based on certain assumptions                       and its subsidiaries and strategic investments, and their businesses,
                              and reflect IGM Financial Inc.’s (IGM Financial, IGM or the Company)                    and could cause actual results to differ materially from current
                              and, where applicable, its subsidiaries’ and strategic investments’,                    expectations of estimated or anticipated events or results. These
                              current expectations. Forward-looking statements are provided                           factors include, but are not limited to: the impact or unanticipated
                              to assist the reader in understanding the Company’s, and its                            impact of general economic, political and market factors in North
                              subsidiaries and strategic investments, financial position and results                  America and internationally, interest and foreign exchange rates,
                              of operations as at and for the periods ended on certain dates and                      global equity and capital markets, management of market liquidity
                              to present information about management’s current expectations                          and funding risks, changes in accounting policies and methods used
                              and plans relating to the future. Readers are cautioned that such                       to report financial condition (including uncertainties associated with
                              statements may not be appropriate for other purposes. These                             critical accounting assumptions and estimates), the effect of applying
                              statements may include, without limitation, statements regarding the                    future accounting changes, operational and reputational risks,
                              operations, business, financial condition, expected financial results,                  environmental and social risks, business competition, technological
                              performance, prospects, opportunities, priorities, targets, goals,                      change, changes in government regulations and legislation, changes
                              ongoing objectives, strategies and outlook of the Company, and its                      in tax laws, the impact of trade relations, unexpected judicial or
                              subsidiaries and strategic investments, as well as the outlook for North                regulatory proceedings, catastrophic events, outbreaks of disease
                              American and international economies, for the current fiscal year and                   or pandemics (such as COVID-19), the Company’s ability to complete
                              subsequent periods. Forward-looking statements include statements                       strategic transactions, integrate acquisitions and implement other
                              that are predictive in nature, depend upon or refer to future events                    growth strategies, and the Company’s and its subsidiaries’ and
                              or conditions, or include words such as “expects”, “anticipates”,                       strategic investments’ success in anticipating and managing the
                              “plans”, “believes”, “estimates”, “seeks”, “intends”, “targets”, “projects”,            foregoing factors.
                              “forecasts” or negative versions thereof and other similar expressions,
                                                                                                                      The reader is cautioned that the foregoing list is not exhaustive of
                              or future or conditional verbs such as “may”, “will”, “should”, “would”
                                                                                                                      the factors that may affect any of the Company’s forward-looking
                              and “could”.
                                                                                                                      statements. The reader is also cautioned to consider these and other
                              This information is based upon certain material factors or assumptions                  factors, uncertainties and potential events carefully and not place
                              that were applied in drawing a conclusion or making a forecast or                       undue reliance on forward-looking statements.
                              projection as reflected in the forward-looking statements, including
                                                                                                                      Other than as specifically required by applicable Canadian law, the
                              the perception of historical trends, current conditions and expected
                                                                                                                      Company undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking
                              future developments, as well as other factors that are believed to
                                                                                                                      statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date on
                              be appropriate in the circumstances. While the Company considers
                                                                                                                      which such statements are made, or to reflect the occurrence of
                              these assumptions to be reasonable based on information currently
                                                                                                                      unanticipated events, whether as a result of new information, future




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                              available to management, they may prove to be incorrect.
                                                                                                                      events or results, or otherwise.
                              By its nature, this information is subject to inherent risks and
                                                                                                                      Additional information about the risks and uncertainties of the
                              uncertainties that may be general or specific and which give rise to
                                                                                                                      Company’s business and material factors or assumptions on which
                              the possibility that expectations, forecasts, predictions, projections
                                                                                                                      information contained in forward-looking statements is based is
                              or conclusions will not prove to be accurate, that assumptions may
                                                                                                                      provided in its disclosure materials, including this Management’s
                              not be correct and that objectives, including environmental and
                                                                                                                      Discussion and Analysis and its most recent Annual Information Form,
                              social, strategic goals and priorities will not be achieved.
                                                                                                                      filed with the securities regulatory authorities in Canada, available at
                              A variety of material factors, many of which are beyond the                             www.sedarplus.ca.
                              Company’s and its subsidiaries’ and strategic investments’ control,




                                                                            IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 THIRD QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                           5
                                    C  2                                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures
This report contains Non-IFRS financial measures and non-IFRS ratios                          Refer to the appropriate reconciliations of non-IFRS financial measures,
that do not have standard meanings prescribed by International                                including as components of non-IFRS ratios, to reported results in
Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) and may not be directly                                  accordance with IFRS in Tables 1 to 4.
comparable to similar measures used by other companies. These
                                                                                              This report also contains other financial measures which include:
measures and ratios are used to provide management, investors
and investment analysts with additional measures to assess                                    • Assets Under Management and Advisement (AUM&A) represents
earnings performance.                                                                           the consolidated AUM and AUA of IGM Financial’s core businesses
                                                                                                IG Wealth Management and Mackenzie Investments. In the Wealth
Non-IFRS financial measures include, but are not limited to, “adjusted
                                                                                                Management segment, AUM is a component part of AUA. All
net earnings available to common shareholders”, “adjusted net
                                                                                                instances where the asset management segment is providing
earnings”, “adjusted earnings before income taxes”, “adjusted
                                                                                                investment management services or distributing its products
earnings before interest and taxes” (Adjusted EBIT), “earnings
                                                                                                through the Wealth Management segment are eliminated in
before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization before sales
                                                                                                IGM Financial’s reporting such that there is no double-counting
commissions” (EBITDA before sales commissions), and “earnings
                                                                                                of the same client savings held at IGM Financial’s core businesses.
before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization after sales
commissions” (EBITDA after sales commissions). These measures                                 • Assets Under Advisement (AUA) are the key driver of the Wealth
exclude other items which are items of a non-recurring nature, or                               Management segment. AUA are savings and investment products
that could make the period-over-period comparison of results from                               held within client accounts of our Wealth Management segment
operations less meaningful. Effective in the first quarter of 2024, these                       core business.
measures also exclude the Company’s proportionate share of items
                                                                                              • Assets Under Management (AUM) are the key driver of the Asset
that Great-West Lifeco Inc. (Lifeco) excludes from its IFRS reported
                                                                                                Management segment. AUM are an additional driver of revenues
net earnings in arriving at Lifeco’s base earnings. Base earnings
                                                                                                and expenses within the Wealth Management segment in relation
is an alternate measure Lifeco uses to understand the underlying
                                                                                                to its investment management activities. AUM are client assets
business performance compared to IFRS net earnings. Lifeco’s
                                                                                                where we provide investment management services, and include
financial information can be obtained in its disclosure materials filed
                                                                                                investment funds where we are the fund manager, investment
on www.sedarplus.ca. Comparative periods have been restated to
                                                                                                advisory mandates to institutions, and other client accounts where
reflect this change. EBITDA before sales commissions excludes all
                                                                                                we have discretionary portfolio management responsibilities.
sales commissions. EBITDA after sales commissions includes all sales
commissions and highlights aggregate cash flows.                                              • Assets Under Management and Advisement Including Strategic
                                                                                                Investments (AUM&A Including SI) represents AUM&A including
Non-IFRS ratios include the following:
                                                                                                the Company’s proportionate share of the AUM&A of strategic
                                                                                                investments based on the Company’s interest in the strategic
 Ratio                   Numerator                   Denominator
                                                                                                investments. The strategic investments included are those whose
 Adjusted earnings       Adjusted net                Average number of                          activities are primarily in asset and wealth management, and include
 per share               earnings available          outstanding common                         ChinaAMC, Northleaf, Rockefeller and Wealthsimple. Rockefeller
 (Adjusted EPS)          to common                   shares on a diluted basis                  client assets include assets under management and advisement
                         shareholders                                                           as well as assets held for investment purposes and only receiving
 Return (Adjusted        Net earnings                Average shareholders’                      administrative services.
 return) on equity       (Adjusted net               equity                                   • Working Capital which consists of current assets less current liabilities
 (ROE, Adjusted ROE)     earnings) available                                                    excluding assets and liabilities not reflective of ongoing operations.
                         to common
                         shareholders                                                         • Unallocated capital represents capital not allocated to any of
                                                                                                the operating companies and which would be available for
 ROE (Adjusted ROE)      Net earnings                Average shareholders’                      investment, debt repayment, distribution to shareholders or
 excluding the impact    (Adjusted net               equity excluding                           other corporate purposes.
 of fair value through   earnings) available         the impact of fair
 other comprehensive     to common                   value through other
 income investments      shareholders                comprehensive income
                                                     investments net of tax




                                                                                                                                                                            PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.




6     IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 THIRD QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


                             P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                     C  3
                              IGM Financial Inc.
                              Summary of Consolidated Operating Results
                              IGM Financial Inc. (TSX:IGM) is a leading wealth and asset                 to common shareholders of $678.8 million or $2.86 per
                              management company supporting advisors and the                             share for the comparative period in 2024, representing
                              clients they serve in Canada, and institutional investors                  an increase of 14.7% in earnings per share.
                              globally. The Company operates through a number of                         Adjusted net earnings available to common shareholders
                              operating subsidiaries and also holds a number of strategic                (a non-IFRS measure – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures
                              investments that provide benefits to these subsidiaries                    and Other Financial Measures and Table 1), excluding
                              while furthering the Company’s growth prospects. The                       other items outlined below, for the three months
                              Company’s wealth management segment consists of                            ended September 30, 2025 were at an all-time high of
                              IG Wealth Management (IG), and strategic investments                       $301.2 million or $1.27 per share, compared to adjusted
                              in Rockefeller Capital Management (Rockefeller) and                        net earnings available to common shareholders of
                              Wealthsimple Financial Corp. (Wealthsimple). The asset                     $244.1 million or $1.03 per share in 2024, representing
                              management segment consists of Mackenzie Investments                       an increase of 23.3% in adjusted earnings per share.
                              (Mackenzie) and strategic investments in China Asset                       Adjusted net earnings available to common shareholders
                              Management Co., Ltd. (ChinaAMC) and Northleaf Capital                      in the current quarter represented an increase of 18.7%
                              Group Ltd. (Northleaf). The Company also holds an                          in adjusted earnings per share from $252.7 million or
                              investment in Great-West Lifeco Inc. (Lifeco).                             $1.07 per share for the three months ended June 30,
                              IGM Financial’s Assets Under Management and                                2025. Adjusted net earnings available to common
                              Advisement Including Strategic Investments (AUM&A                          shareholders, excluding other items outlined below,
                              Including SI) were $562.4 billion at September 30,                         for the nine months ended September 30, 2025 were
                              2025, the highest level in the history of the Company,                     $791.7 million or $3.33 per share compared to adjusted
                              compared to $461.6 billion at September 30, 2024 and                       net earnings available to common shareholders of
                              $483.5 billion at December 31, 2024, as detailed in                        $689.0 million or $2.90 per share in 2024, representing an
                              Tables 6 and 7.                                                            increase of 14.8% in adjusted earnings per share.
                              IGM Financial’s Assets Under Management and                                Other items for the nine months ended September 30,
                              Advisement (AUM&A) were $302.6 billion at                                  2025 consisted of ($13.1) million, including ($3.1) million
                              September 30, 2025, also at a record high, compared to                     recorded in the third quarter, reflecting the Company’s
                              $264.9 billion at September 30, 2024 and $270.4 billion                    proportionate share of items Lifeco excludes from its
                              at December 31, 2024. Average total AUM&A for the                          base earnings (Lifeco other items). Lifeco excludes items
                              third quarter of 2025 were $291.7 billion compared to                      from its IFRS reported net earnings to arrive at base
                              $258.6 billion in the third quarter of 2024. Average total                 earnings, which are an alternate measure Lifeco uses
                              AUM&A for the nine months ended September 30, 2025                         to understand the underlying business performance
                              were $280.2 billion compared to $251.5 billion for the                     compared to IFRS net earnings. Lifeco’s financial
                              nine months ended September 30, 2024.                                      information can be obtained in its disclosure materials
                              Net earnings available to common shareholders for                          filed on www.sedarplus.ca.




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                              the three months ended September 30, 2025 were at a                        Other items for the nine months ended September 30,
                              third quarter record high of $298.1 million or $1.26 per                   2024 consisted of:
                              share, compared to net earnings available to common                        • Lifeco other items of ($6.9) million, including
                              shareholders of $239.2 million or $1.01 per share for the                    ($4.9) million recorded in the third quarter.
                              comparative period in 2024, representing an increase                       • The Company’s proportionate share of Rockefeller’s
                              of 24.8% in earnings per share. Net earnings available                       one-time debt refinancing costs of $3.3 million,
                              to common shareholders for the three months ended                            recorded in the second quarter, related to the early
                              June 30, 2025 were $246.7 million or $1.04 per share. Net                    repayment of one of Rockefeller’s financing facilities.
                              earnings available to common shareholders for the nine
                              months ended September 30, 2025 were $778.6 million                        Total equity was $9.0 billion as at September 30, 2025,
                              or $3.28 per share compared to net earnings available                      compared to $7.9 billion at December 31, 2024. Adjusted
                                                                                                         ROE (a non-IFRS ratio – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures

                                                                  IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 THIRD QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                7
                                   C  4                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Table 1: Reconciliation of Non-IFRS Financial Measures
                                                                                                                    Three months ended               Nine months ended
                                                                                                2025                  2025             2024           2025            2024
($ millions except EPS)                                                                       Sep. 30               Jun. 30          Sep. 30        Sep. 30         Sep. 30
Adjusted net earnings available to common shareholders(1)                                 $       301.2         $      252.7     $     244.1    $     791.7     $     689.0
 Lifeco other items                                                                                (3.1)                (6.0)           (4.9)         (13.1)           (6.9)
 Rockefeller debt refinancing                                                                         –                    –               –              –            (3.3)
Net earnings available to common shareholders                                             $       298.1         $      246.7     $     239.2    $     778.6     $     678.8
Adjusted earnings per share(1)                                                            $        1.27         $        1.07    $      1.03    $      3.33     $       2.90
 Lifeco other items                                                                               (0.01)                (0.03)         (0.02)         (0.05)           (0.03)
 Rockefeller debt refinancing                                                                         –                     –              –              –            (0.01)
Earnings per share(2)                                                                     $        1.26         $        1.04    $      1.01    $      3.28     $      2.86
Average outstanding shares – Diluted (thousands)                                              237,169               237,236          236,931        237,391         237,501

EBITDA before sales commissions(1)                                                        $       474.5         $      410.9     $     398.1    $ 1,279.0       $ 1,138.0
 Sales–based commissions paid                                                                     (30.8)               (27.4)          (30.0)       (92.4)          (95.3)
EBITDA after sales commissions(1)                                                                 443.7                383.5           368.1        1,186.6         1,042.7
 Sales–based commissions paid subject to amortization                                              30.8                 27.4            30.0            92.4           95.3
 Amortization of capitalized sales commissions                                                    (29.0)               (28.3)          (26.7)          (85.1)         (78.2)
 Amortization of capital, intangible and other assets                                             (24.6)               (24.2)          (23.0)         (73.5)          (69.0)
Adjusted earnings before interest and income taxes(1)                                             420.9                358.4           348.4        1,120.4           990.8
 Interest expense(3)                                                                               32.4                 32.2            32.4           96.6            96.9
Adjusted earnings before income taxes(1)                                                          388.5                326.2           316.0        1,023.8           893.9
 Income taxes                                                                                      87.0                 71.6            71.2          228.2           201.7
Adjusted net earnings(1)                                                                          301.5                254.6           244.8          795.6           692.2
 Lifeco other items                                                                                (3.1)                (6.0)           (4.9)         (13.1)           (6.9)
 Rockefeller debt refinancing                                                                         –                    –               –              –            (3.3)
Net earnings                                                                                      298.4                248.6           239.9          782.5           682.0
 Non-controlling interest                                                                           0.3                  1.9             0.7            3.9             3.2
Net earnings available to common shareholders                                             $       298.1         $      246.7     $     239.2    $     778.6     $     678.8
(1) A non-IFRS financial measure – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures section of this document.
(2) Diluted earnings per share.
(3) Interest expense includes interest on long-term debt and leases.




and Other Financial Measures) for the nine months                                               with the transaction expected to close in the fourth
ended September 30, 2025 was 12.9% compared with                                                quarter of 2025. The Company will continue to account
13.1% for the comparative period in 2024. Adjusted                                              for its investment in Rockefeller using the equity method.
ROE excluding the impact of fair value through other                                            Highlights of the Rockefeller transaction include:
comprehensive income investments (a non-IFRS ratio
                                                                                                • Revaluation of IGM Financial’s current equity interest
– see Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial




                                                                                                                                                                                PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                                                                                  in Rockefeller to $1.58 billion (USD $1.13 billion), up
Measures) for the nine months ended September 30,
                                                                                                  approximately $750 million (USD $510 million) from
2025 was 15.1% compared with 14.3% for the
                                                                                                  IGM Financial’s initial investment in June 2023 of
comparative period in 2024. The quarterly dividend per
                                                                                                  $835 million (USD $622 million).
common share declared in the third quarter of 2025 was
56.25 cents, unchanged from the second quarter of 2025.                                         • IGM Financial will remain the only wealth manager in
                                                                                                  their ownership structure and Rockefeller’s second
                                                                                                  largest shareholder.
2025 Developments
Rockefeller Capital Management                                                                  Wealthsimple Financial Corp.
On October 14, 2025, the Company announced its                                                  On October 27, 2025, Wealthsimple announced an
intention to sell a portion of its interest in Rockefeller,                                     equity financing round of up to $750 million, including


8     IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 THIRD QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                      C  5
                              a primary offering of $550 million which closed on                           Reportable Segments
                              October 31, 2025. As a result of the transaction, the
                                                                                                           The Company’s reportable segments are Wealth
                              Company increased the fair value of its investment in
                                                                                                           Management, Asset Management and Corporate & Other
                              Wealthsimple by $680 million or 46% ($2.87 per IGM
                                                                                                           and reflect the Company’s internal financial reporting and
                              share), from $1.48 billion to $2.16 billion. Following the
                                                                                                           performance measurement (Tables 2, 3 and 4):
                              close of the transaction IGM Financial:
                                                                                                           • Wealth Management – reflects the activities of its core
                              • Invested an additional $100 million in Wealthsimple.
                                                                                                             business and strategic investments that are principally
                              • Holds a 25.5% interest with a value of $2.26 billion                         focused on providing financial planning and related
                                (after the additional investment), representing a total                      services to retail client households. This segment
                                value of $9.53 per IGM share.                                                includes the activities of IG Wealth Management
                              • Continues to be the single largest shareholder                               which is a retail distribution organization that serves
                                of Wealthsimple.                                                             Canadian households through its investment dealer
                                                                                                             and other subsidiaries licensed to distribute financial
                              Market Overview                                                                products and services. A majority of the revenues of
                                                                                                             this segment are derived from providing financial
                              Financial market returns were positive for the third
                                                                                                             advice and distributing financial products and services
                              quarter of 2025:
                                                                                                             to Canadian households. This segment also includes
                              • The S&P TSX Composite total return index increased
                                                                                                             the investment management activities of these
                                by 1.5% in the first quarter, 8.5% in the second quarter
                                                                                                             organizations, including mutual fund management
                                and by 12.5% in the third quarter.
                                                                                                             and discretionary portfolio management services.
                              • U.S. equity markets, as measured by the S&P 500 total                        This segment also includes the Company’s strategic
                                return index, decreased by 4.3% in the first quarter,                        investments in Rockefeller and Wealthsimple.
                                increased by 10.9% in the second quarter and by 8.1%                         Rockefeller is classified as an investment in associate
                                in the third quarter.                                                        and accounted for using the equity method, with
                              • European equity markets, as measured by the MSCI                             the proportionate share of earnings included in
                                Europe net total return index, increased by 5.9% in the                      revenue. Wealthsimple is classified as an investment
                                first quarter, 2.5% in the second quarter and by 3.5% in                     which is accounted for at fair value through other
                                the third quarter.                                                           comprehensive income (FVTOCI) and therefore has
                              • Asian equity markets, as measured by the MSCI AC Asia                        no impact on the segment earnings.
                                Pacific net total return index, increased by 0.9% in the                   • Asset Management – reflects the activities of its core
                                first quarter, 12.4% in the second quarter and by 9.2%                       business and strategic investments primarily focused
                                in the third quarter.                                                        on providing investment management services.
                              • Chinese equity markets, as measured by the CSI 300                           This segment includes the operations of Mackenzie
                                net total return index, decreased by 1.0% in the first                       Investments which provides investment management
                                quarter, increased by 2.3% in the second quarter and                         services to a suite of investment funds that are
                                by 19.0% in the third quarter.                                               distributed through third party dealers and financial
                              • The FTSE TMX Canada Universe Bond total return index                         advisors, and through institutional advisory mandates
                                increased by 2.0% in the first quarter, decreased by                         to financial institutions, pensions and other institutional
                                0.6% in the second quarter and increased by 1.5% in                          investors. This segment also includes the Company’s




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                the third quarter.                                                           strategic investments in ChinaAMC and Northleaf
                              • Our clients experienced average investment returns                           which are classified as investments in associates
                                of 0.4% in the first quarter, 3.6% in the second quarter                     and accounted for using the equity method. The
                                and 6.2% in the third quarter.                                               proportionate share of earnings on these investments
                                                                                                             are included in the segment’s revenue.
                              IGM Financial’s AUM&A increased by 11.9% from
                                                                                                           • Corporate and Other – primarily represents the
                              $270.4 billion at December 31, 2024 to $302.6 billion at
                                                                                                             investments in Lifeco and Portage Ventures LPs, the
                              September 30, 2025.
                                                                                                             Company’s unallocated capital, as well as consolidation
                                                                                                             elimination entries.




                                                                   IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 THIRD QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                 9
                                   C  6                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Table 2: Consolidated Operating Results by Segment – Q3 2025 vs. Q3 2024
                                                    Wealth Management                        Asset Management                    Corporate & Other                             Total
Three months ended                                       2025                2024              2025              2024              2025           2024         2025           2024
($ millions)                                           Sep. 30             Sep. 30           Sep. 30           Sep. 30           Sep. 30        Sep. 30      Sep. 30        Sep. 30
Revenues
 Wealth management                                   $ 700.8           $     618.5       $          –      $          –      $      (4.0)   $      (2.5)    $ 696.8     $     616.0

 Asset management                                               –                 –           298.2              280.5             (27.5)         (27.1)       270.7          253.4
 Dealer compensation expense                                    –                 –           (84.6)             (81.8)             (1.6)           (1.0)      (86.2)         (82.8)
 Net asset management                                           –                 –            213.6             198.7             (29.1)         (28.1)      184.5           170.6

 Net investment income and other                              2.0               1.1               6.7               5.0              4.6            4.0         13.3           10.1
 Proportionate share of associates’
 earnings                                                     3.2              (0.2)            47.6              36.3              29.5           25.3         80.3           61.4
                                                          706.0              619.4             267.9             240.0               1.0           (1.3)       974.9          858.1
Expenses
 Advisory and business development                        287.1              258.5              22.0              19.8                 –              –       309.1           278.3
 Operations and support                                   122.2              115.3              98.3              95.7               0.6            0.4       221.1           211.4
 Sub-advisory                                              55.4               49.1               1.6               1.4             (33.2)         (30.5)       23.8            20.0
                                                          464.7              422.9             121.9             116.9             (32.6)         (30.1)      554.0           509.7
Adjusted earnings before interest
and taxes(1)                                              241.3              196.5            146.0              123.1              33.6           28.8        420.9          348.4
Interest expense(2)                                        25.9               25.8              6.5                6.6                 –              –         32.4           32.4
Adjusted earnings before income taxes(1)                  215.4              170.7             139.5             116.5              33.6           28.8       388.5           316.0
Income taxes                                               57.2               45.8              28.6              24.5               1.2            0.9        87.0            71.2
Adjusted net earnings(1)                                  158.2              124.9             110.9              92.0              32.4           27.9       301.5           244.8
Non-controlling interest                                      –                  –               0.3               0.7                 –              –         0.3             0.7
Adjusted net earnings available to
common shareholders(1)                               $ 158.2           $     124.9       $    110.6        $      91.3       $      32.4    $      27.9       301.2           244.1
Other items(1), net of tax
Lifeco other items                                                                                                                                              (3.1)           (4.9)
Net earnings available to common
shareholders                                                                                                                                                $ 298.1     $     239.2
(1) A non-IFRS financial measure – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures section of this document.
(2) Interest expense includes interest on long-term debt and leases.




Assets Under Management and Advisement (AUM&A)                                                  Assets Under Management (AUM) are the key driver of
represents the consolidated AUM and AUA of IGM                                                  the Asset Management segment. AUM are an additional
Financial’s core businesses IG Wealth Management and                                            driver of revenues and expenses within the Wealth
Mackenzie Investments. In the Wealth Management                                                 Management segment in relation to its investment
segment, AUM is a component part of AUA. All instances                                          management activities. AUM are client assets where we




                                                                                                                                                                                        PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
where the Asset Management segment is providing                                                 provide investment management services, and include
investment management services or distributing its                                              investment funds where we are the fund manager,
products through the Wealth Management segment are                                              investment advisory mandates to institutions, and other
eliminated in IGM Financial’s reporting such that there                                         client accounts where we have discretionary portfolio
is no double-counting of the same client savings held at                                        management responsibilities.
IGM Financial’s core businesses.                                                                Assets Under Management and Advisement Including
Assets Under Advisement (AUA) are the key driver of                                             Strategic Investments (AUM&A Including SI) represents
the Wealth Management segment. AUA are savings and                                              AUM&A including the Company’s proportionate share
investment products held within client accounts of our                                          of the AUM&A of strategic investments based on
Wealth Management segment operating companies.                                                  the Company’s interest in the strategic investments.
                                                                                                The strategic investments included are those whose


10 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 THIRD QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                              C  7
                              Table 3: Consolidated Operating Results by Segment – Nine Months Ended
                                                                              Wealth Management                      Asset Management                    Corporate & Other                                  Total
                              Nine months ended                                      2025            2024              2025              2024              2025              2024            2025           2024
                              ($ millions)                                         Sep. 30         Sep. 30           Sep. 30           Sep. 30           Sep. 30           Sep. 30         Sep. 30        Sep. 30
                              Revenues
                               Wealth management                               $ 1,996.6       $ 1,795.3         $          –      $          –      $     (10.9)      $       (6.7)   $ 1,985.7      $ 1,788.6

                               Asset management                                         –                 –            862.7             819.9             (80.3)            (78.8)          782.4          741.1
                               Dealer compensation expense                              –                 –           (249.2)           (241.3)             (4.4)              (2.7)        (253.6)        (244.0)
                               Net asset management                                     –                 –           613.5              578.6             (84.7)            (81.5)          528.8          497.1

                               Net investment income and other                         6.3              9.1             13.2              14.7              13.3              11.9            32.8           35.7
                               Proportionate share of associates’
                               earnings                                               (0.9)            (7.7)           125.6             103.9              81.5              73.7          206.2           169.9
                                                                                   2,002.0         1,796.7             752.3             697.2               (0.8)             (2.6)       2,753.5        2,491.3
                              Expenses
                               Advisory and business development                    845.6            759.8             69.6               62.6                 –                 –          915.2           822.4
                               Operations and support                               356.2            344.6            292.2              275.0               2.3               1.6          650.7           621.2
                               Sub-advisory                                         158.5            140.9              4.4                4.1             (95.7)            (88.1)          67.2            56.9
                                                                                   1,360.3         1,245.3            366.2              341.7             (93.4)            (86.5)        1,633.1        1,500.5
                              Adjusted earnings before interest
                              and taxes(1)                                          641.7            551.4            386.1              355.5              92.6              83.9         1,120.4          990.8
                              Interest expense(2)                                    77.2             77.3             19.4               19.6                 –                 –            96.6           96.9
                              Adjusted earnings before income taxes(1)              564.5            474.1            366.7              335.9              92.6              83.9         1,023.8          893.9
                              Income taxes                                          151.2            129.3             74.0               69.8               3.0               2.6           228.2          201.7
                              Adjusted net earnings(1)                              413.3            344.8            292.7              266.1              89.6              81.3           795.6          692.2
                              Non-controlling interest                                  –                –              3.9                3.2                 –                 –             3.9            3.2
                              Adjusted net earnings available to
                              common shareholders(1)                           $    413.3      $     344.8       $    288.8        $     262.9       $      89.6       $      81.3          791.7           689.0
                              Other items(1), net of tax
                              Lifeco other items                                                                                                                                             (13.1)          (6.9)
                              Rockefeller debt refinancing                                                                                                                                       –           (3.3)
                              Net earnings available to common
                              shareholders                                                                                                                                             $     778.6    $     678.8
                              (1) A non-IFRS financial measure – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures section of this document.
                              (2) Interest expense includes interest on long-term debt and leases.




                              activities are primarily in asset and wealth management,                                    advisory fees, investment management and related
                              and include ChinaAMC, Northleaf, Rockefeller and                                            administration fees, distribution revenue associated
                              Wealthsimple. Rockefeller client assets include AUM&A                                       with insurance and banking products and services,
                              as well as assets held for investment purposes and only                                     and revenue relating to mortgage lending activities.




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                              receiving administrative services.                                                        • Asset management revenue – revenues earned by
                                                                                                                          the Asset Management segment related to investment
                              Financial Presentation                                                                      management advisory and administrative services.
                              The financial presentation includes revenues and                                          • Dealer compensation – asset-based and sales-
                              expenses to align with the key drivers of business activity                                 based compensation paid to dealers by the Asset
                              and to reflect our emphasis on business growth and                                          Management segment.
                              operational efficiency. The categories are as follows:                                    • Proportionate share of associates’ earnings – the
                              • Wealth management revenue – revenues earned                                               Company’s proportionate share of earnings from
                                by the Wealth Management segment for providing                                            equity investments including Lifeco, ChinaAMC,
                                financial planning, investment advisory and related                                       Northleaf and Rockefeller.
                                financial services. Revenues include financial

                                                                              IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 THIRD QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                                           11
                                    C  8                                                P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Table 4: Consolidated Operating Results by Segment – Q3 2025 vs. Q2 2025
                                                    Wealth Management                        Asset Management                    Corporate & Other                             Total
Three months ended                                       2025                2025              2025             2025               2025           2025         2025           2025
($ millions)                                           Sep. 30             Jun. 30           Sep. 30          Jun. 30            Sep. 30        Jun. 30      Sep. 30        Jun. 30
Revenues
 Wealth management                                   $ 700.8           $    653.0        $          –     $           –      $      (4.0)   $      (3.6)    $ 696.8     $    649.4

 Asset management                                               –                 –           298.2             280.1              (27.5)         (26.3)       270.7         253.8
 Dealer compensation expense                                    –                 –           (84.6)            (80.9)              (1.6)           (1.4)      (86.2)        (82.3)
 Net asset management                                           –                 –            213.6            199.2              (29.1)         (27.7)      184.5          171.5

 Net investment income and other                              2.0               2.2               6.7               5.0              4.6            4.5         13.3           11.7
 Proportionate share of associates’
 earnings                                                     3.2              (0.4)            47.6              39.0              29.5           27.5         80.3           66.1
                                                          706.0             654.8              267.9            243.2                1.0            0.7        974.9         898.7
Expenses
 Advisory and business development                        287.1             283.4               22.0              21.4                 –              –       309.1          304.8
 Operations and support                                   122.2             116.1               98.3              96.8               0.6            0.9       221.1          213.8
 Sub-advisory                                              55.4              51.6                1.6               1.4             (33.2)         (31.3)       23.8           21.7
                                                          464.7             451.1              121.9            119.6              (32.6)         (30.4)      554.0          540.3
Adjusted earnings before interest
and taxes(1)                                              241.3             203.7             146.0             123.6               33.6           31.1       420.9          358.4
Interest expense(2)                                        25.9              25.8               6.5               6.4                  –              –        32.4           32.2
Adjusted earnings before income taxes(1)                  215.4             177.9              139.5            117.2               33.6           31.1       388.5          326.2
Income taxes                                               57.2              47.1               28.6             23.6                1.2            0.9        87.0           71.6
Adjusted net earnings(1)                                  158.2             130.8              110.9              93.6              32.4           30.2       301.5          254.6
Non-controlling interest                                      –                 –                0.3               1.9                 –              –         0.3            1.9
Adjusted net earnings available to
common shareholders(1)                               $ 158.2           $    130.8        $    110.6       $       91.7       $      32.4    $      30.2       301.2          252.7
Other items(1), net of tax
Lifeco other items                                                                                                                                              (3.1)           (6.0)
Net earnings available to common
shareholders                                                                                                                                                $ 298.1     $    246.7

(1) A non-IFRS financial measure – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures section of this document.
(2) Interest expense includes interest on long-term debt and leases.




• Advisory and business development expenses –                                                    including sales and client acquisition, and the number
  expenses incurred on activities directly associated                                             of advisor and client relationships.
  with providing financial planning services to                                                 • Operations and support expenses – expenses
  clients of the Wealth Management segment and                                                    associated with business operations, including




                                                                                                                                                                                        PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
  wholesale distribution activities performed by the                                              technology and business processes; in-house
  Asset Management segment. Expenses include                                                      investment management and product shelf
  compensation, recognition and other support                                                     management; corporate management and
  provided to our advisors, field management, product                                             support functions. These expenses primarily reflect
  & planning specialists; expenses associated with                                                compensation, technology and other service
  facilities, technology and training relating to our                                             provider expenses.
  advisors and specialists; other business development                                          • Sub-advisory expenses – reflects fees relating to
  activities including direct marketing and advertising.                                          investment management services provided by third
  A significant component of these expenses varies                                                party or related party investment management
  directly with levels of assets under management                                                 organizations. These fees typically are variable with
  or advisement, business development measures                                                    the level of assets under management. These fees


12    IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 THIRD QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                              C  9
                              Table 5: Effective Income Tax Rate
                                                                                                                                          Three months ended                              Nine months ended
                                                                                                                  2025                   2025                    2024                   2025          2024
                                                                                                                Sep. 30                Jun. 30                 Sep. 30                Sep. 30       Sep. 30
                              Income taxes at Canadian federal and provincial
                              statutory rates                                                                      26.62 %                26.57 %                 26.54 %                 26.60 %     26.57 %
                               Effect of:
                                 Proportionate share of associates’ earnings(1)                                     (4.35)                 (4.54)                  (4.14)                 (4.35)      (4.11)
                                 Other                                                                               0.10                  (0.16)                   0.08                  (0.01)       0.07
                               Other items:
                                Lifeco other items                                                                   0.21                   0.49                    0.42                   0.34        0.21
                                Rockefeller debt refinancing                                                            –                      –                       –                      –        0.10
                              Effective income tax rate – net earnings available to
                              common shareholders                                                                  22.58 %                22.36 %                 22.90 %                 22.58 %     22.84 %
                              (1) Includes proportionate share of Lifeco’s base earnings.




                                 include investment advisory services performed                                             • Lifeco other items of ($6.9) million, including
                                 for the Wealth Management segment by the Asset                                               ($4.9) million recorded in the third quarter.
                                 Management segment.                                                                        • The Company’s proportionate share of Rockefeller
                              Interest expense represents interest expense on long-                                           one-time debt refinancing costs of $3.3 million,
                              term debt and leases. Interest expense is allocated to                                          recorded in the second quarter, related to the early
                              each segment based on management’s assessment of:                                               repayment of one of Rockefeller’s financing facilities.
                              i) capacity to service the debt, and ii) where the debt is
                              being serviced.                                                                               Total AUM&A
                              Income taxes are reported in each segment.                                                    IGM Financial’s AUM&A Including SI were $562.4 billion
                              IGM Financial consolidated changes in the effective                                           at September 30, 2025 compared to $461.6 billion at
                              tax rates are detailed in Table 5.                                                            September 30, 2024, as detailed in Table 6.
                              Tax planning may result in the Company recording                                              AUM&A were $302.6 billion at September 30, 2025
                              lower levels of income taxes. Management monitors the                                         compared to $264.9 billion at September 30, 2024,
                              status of its income tax filings and regularly assesses the                                   an increase of 14.2%. AUM were $284.7 billion at
                              overall adequacy of its provision for income taxes and,                                       September 30, 2025, compared to $249.3 billion at
                              as a result, income taxes recorded in prior years may be                                      September 30, 2024, an increase of 14.2%.
                              adjusted in the current year. The effect of changes in                                        AUM&A net inflows in the third quarter of 2025 were
                              management’s best estimates reported in adjusted net                                          $2.4 billion, compared to net outflows of $272 million
                              earnings is reflected in Other, which also includes, but                                      in the third quarter of 2024. Third quarter investment
                              is not limited to, the effect of lower effective income tax                                   fund net sales were $940 million, compared to net sales
                              rates on foreign operations.                                                                  of $17 million in the third quarter of 2024. Net inflows
                              Other items, as reflected in Tables 2, 3 and 4, include                                       for the nine months ended September 30, 2025 were




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                              the after-tax impact of any item that management                                              $6.6 billion, compared to net outflows of $1.5 billion
                              considers to be of a non-recurring nature or that could                                       in 2024. Investment fund net sales for the nine month
                              make the period-over-period comparison of results                                             period were $2.5 billion in 2025, compared to net
                              from operations less meaningful and are not allocated                                         redemptions of $1.8 billion in 2024. Net flows and net
                              to segments.                                                                                  sales are based on AUM&A excluding sub-advisory assets
                              Other items for the nine months ended September 30,                                           to Canada Life and to the Wealth Management segment.
                              2025 consisted of Lifeco other items of ($13.1) million,                                      The Company also benefits from the underlying assets
                              including ($3.1) million recorded in the third quarter.                                       under management of the Company’s investments in
                              Other items for the nine months ended September 30,                                           associates, including ChinaAMC, Northleaf, Rockefeller
                              2024 consisted of:                                                                            and its investment in Wealthsimple which is classified as
                                                                                                                            FVTOCI. The Company has included its proportionate

                                                                                IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 THIRD QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                                      13
                                    C  10                                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Table 6: AUM&A
                                                                              Wealth                            Asset               Intercompany
                                                                         Management(1)                    Management(2)               Eliminations         Consolidated
                                                                       2025           2024            2025            2024         2025       2024       2025        2024
($ millions)                                                         Sep. 30        Sep. 30         Sep. 30         Sep. 30      Sep. 30    Sep. 30    Sep. 30     Sep. 30
Three months ended
Gross flows
 Mutual fund gross sales(3)                                      $     3,885 $         3,301 $ 2,293 $                 1,812 $        – $        – $    6,178 $      5,113
 Dealer gross inflows                                                  3,781           3,432       –                       –          –          –      3,781        3,432
Net flows
 Mutual fund net sales(3)                                                 533             313            (219)           (569)        –          –        314            (256)
 ETF net creations                                                          –               –             626             273         –          –        626             273
 Investment fund net sales                                                533             313            407             (296)        –          –        940              17
 Institutional SMA net sales(4)                                             –               –          1,552             (306)        –          –      1,552            (306)
 IGM product net sales                                                   533              313          1,959             (602)        –          –      2,492            (289)
 Other dealer net flows                                                 (107)              17              –                –         –          –       (107)             17
 Total net flows                                                         426              330          1,959             (602)        –          –      2,385            (272)
Nine months ended
Gross flows
 Mutual fund gross sales(3)                                      $ 12,567 $ 11,312 $                   7,034 $         6,311 $        – $        – $ 19,601 $ 17,623
 Dealer gross inflows                                              11,560   10,696                         –               –          –          –   11,560   10,696
Net flows
 Mutual fund net sales(3)(5)                                           1,966             (614)        (1,285)         (2,001)         –          –        681        (2,615)
 ETF net creations                                                         –                –          1,794             766          –          –      1,794           766
 Investment fund net sales(6)                                          1,966             (614)           509          (1,235)         –          –       2,475       (1,849)
 Institutional SMA net sales(4)(5)                                         –                –          4,756            (457)         –          –       4,756         (457)
 IGM product net sales                                                 1,966             (614)         5,265          (1,692)         –          –       7,231       (2,306)
 Other dealer net flows                                                 (597)             817              –               –          –          –        (597)         817
 Total net flows                                                       1,369              203          5,265          (1,692)         –          –      6,634        (1,489)
(1) Mackenzie Investment fund products sold through IG Wealth Management are reported within IG Wealth Management’s AUM and Mackenzie Sub-advisory
    and AUM to Wealth Management.
(2) Asset Management flows activity excludes sub-advisory to Canada Life and the Wealth Management segment.
(3) Wealth Management AUM and net sales include separately managed accounts.
(4) Sub-advisory, institutional and other accounts:
     2025 Q3 – Mackenzie onboarded institutional mandates of $1.7 billion.
           Q2 – An institutional investor redeemed $320 million within products that Mackenzie sub-advises.
           Q1 – Mackenzie onboarded institutional mandates of $3.6 billion.
(5) IG Wealth Management pension plan redemptions from IG Wealth Management mutual funds were re-allocated into a separately managed account managed
    by Mackenzie:
    2025 Q2 – $24 million
    2024 Q1 – $177 million
(6) In the first quarter of 2025, an institutional investor which includes Mackenzie mutual funds in its product offerings made fund allocation changes resulting in
    redemptions of $144 million.




                                                                                                                                                                                 PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
share of the AUM&A of these investments in its AUM&A                                             2024, an increase of 16.2%. IGM Financial holds a 56%
Including SI based on its direct and indirect interest in                                        economic interest in Northleaf.
these companies.                                                                                 At September 30, 2025, Rockefeller’s client assets were
At September 30, 2025, ChinaAMC’s AUM was RMB¥                                                   USD $186.8 billion ($259.9 billion), compared to USD
3,006.8 billion ($587.7 billion), compared to RMB¥                                               $148.9 billion ($201.4 billion) at September 30, 2024, an
2,358.2 billion ($454.4 billion) at September 30, 2024, an                                       increase of 25.5% (CAD 29.0%). IGM Financial holds a
increase of 27.5% (CAD 29.3%). IGM Financial holds a                                             20.5% interest in Rockefeller.
27.8% interest in ChinaAMC.                                                                      At September 30, 2025, Wealthsimple’s AUA
At September 30, 2025, Northleaf’s AUM was                                                       was $100.8 billion, compared to $52.1 billion at
$34.4 billion, compared to $29.6 billion at September 30,                                        September 30, 2024, an increase of 93.5%. IGM Financial



14 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 THIRD QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                       C  11
                              Table 6: AUM&A (continued)

                                                                                                        Wealth                            Asset                   Intercompany
                                                                                                   Management                       Management                      Eliminations(1)           Consolidated
                                                                                              2025             2024            2025            2024            2025             2024        2025      2024
                              ($ millions)                                                  Sep. 30          Sep. 30         Sep. 30         Sep. 30         Sep. 30          Sep. 30     Sep. 30   Sep. 30

                              AUM&A
                               IG Wealth Management
                                AUM(2)                                                    $ 137,978 $120,788
                                Other AUA                                                    17,906   15,620
                                AUA                                                          155,884        136,408
                               Mackenzie Investments
                                Mutual funds                                                                               $ 65,766 $ 60,951
                                ETFs(3)                                                                                       9,911    6,868
                                Investment funds                                                                               75,677          67,819

                                Institutional SMA                                                                             14,683            8,079
                                Sub-advisory to Canada Life                                                                   56,368           52,608
                                Total Institutional SMA                                                                       71,051           60,687

                                Third Party AUM                                                                              146,728         128,506
                                Sub-advisory and AUM to Wealth Management                                                     92,759          83,584
                                Total AUM                                                                                    239,487         212,090
                               Consolidated
                                AUM                                                       $ 137,978 $120,788 $ 239,487 $ 212,090 $ (92,759) $ (83,584) $284,706 $249,294
                                AUM&A                                                       155,884 136,408 239,487 212,090 (92,759) (83,584) 302,612 264,914
                               Strategic investments(4)
                                ChinaAMC                                                                                     163,386         126,324
                                Northleaf                                                                                     19,273          16,588
                                Rockefeller                                                   53,176          41,192
                                Wealthsimple                                                  26,218          14,234
                                Intra-segment eliminations                                        (9)             (7)             (380)           (266)
                                                                                              79,385          55,419         182,279         142,646           (1,868)          (1,395)   259,796   196,670
                               Consolidated AUM&A Including SI                            $235,269 $191,827 $ 421,766 $ 354,736 $ (94,627) $ (84,979) $562,408 $ 461,584
                              (1) Consolidated results eliminate double counting where business is reflected within multiple segments.
                              (2) Wealth Management AUM includes separately managed accounts.
                              (3) ETF assets inclusive of IGM Financial’s managed products were $21.0 billion at September 30, 2025 (2024 – $14.9 billion).
                              (4) Proportionate share of strategic investments’ AUM comprised of 27.8% (2024 – 27.8%) of ChinaAMC’s AUM, 56% (2024 – 56%) of Northleaf’s AUM, 20.5% (2024 – 20.5%)
                                  of Rockefeller’s client assets, and 26.0% (2024 – 27.3%) of Wealthsimple’s AUA.




                              holds a 26.0% interest in Wealthsimple, compared to                                        Summary of Quarterly Results
                              27.3% at September 30, 2024.




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                                                                                                         The Summary of Quarterly Results in Table 7 includes
                              Changes in AUM&A for the Wealth Management and                                             the eight most recent quarters and the reconciliation
                              Asset Management segments are discussed further in                                         of non-IFRS financial measures to net earnings in
                              each of their respective Review of the Business sections                                   accordance with IFRS.
                              in the MD&A.
                                                                                                                         Changes in average AUM&A over the eight most recent
                                                                                                                         quarters, as shown in Table 7, largely reflect the impact of
                                                                                                                         changes in domestic and foreign markets and net sales of
                                                                                                                         the Company.




                                                                               IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 THIRD QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                                    15
                                    C  12                                                P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Table 7: Summary of Quarterly Results
                                                                                       2025           2025          2025         2024        2024        2024        2024        2023
                                                                                        Q3             Q2            Q1           Q4          Q3          Q2          Q1          Q4
Consolidated statements of earnings ($ millions)
Revenues
 Wealth management                                                              $     696.8 $        649.4 $       639.5 $       647.5 $    616.0 $     590.0 $      582.6 $     550.0

 Asset management                                                                      270.7         253.8         257.9         261.6      253.4       245.8        241.9       234.3
 Dealer compensation expense                                                           (86.2)         (82.3)        (85.1)        (85.2)     (82.8)      (81.1)       (80.1)      (76.7)
 Net asset management                                                                 184.5          171.5         172.8         176.4      170.6       164.7        161.8       157.6

 Net investment income and other                                                        13.3           11.7           7.8         17.3        10.1        10.0        15.6        10.6
 Proportionate share of associates’ earnings                                            80.3           66.1          59.8         53.1        61.4        55.7        52.8        56.6
                                                                                       974.9         898.7         879.9         894.3      858.1       820.4        812.8       774.8
Expenses
 Advisory and business development                                                     309.1         304.8         301.3         298.3      278.3       278.5        265.6       253.2
 Operations and support                                                                221.1         213.8         215.8         216.5      211.4       205.9        203.9       208.8
 Sub-advisory                                                                           23.8          21.7          21.7          21.2       20.0        19.1         17.8        16.7
 Interest(1)                                                                            32.4          32.2          32.0          32.5       32.4        32.2         32.3        32.5
                                                                                      586.4          572.5         570.8         568.5      542.1       535.7        519.6       511.2
Earnings before undernoted                                                            388.5          326.2         309.1         325.8      316.0       284.7        293.2       263.6
Lifeco other items                                                                      (3.1)          (6.0)         (4.0)           –        (4.9)       (0.9)        (1.1)       (6.0)
Rockefeller debt refinancing                                                               –              –             –            –           –        (3.3)           –           –
Earnings before income taxes                                                           385.4         320.2         305.1         325.8      311.1       280.5        292.1       257.6
Income taxes                                                                            87.0          71.6          69.6          70.4       71.2        63.2         67.3        56.0
Net earnings from continuing operations                                               298.4          248.6         235.5         255.4      239.9       217.3        224.8       201.6
Net earnings from discontinued operations                                                 –              –             –             –          –           –            –       219.7
Net earnings                                                                          298.4          248.6         235.5         255.4      239.9       217.3        224.8       421.3
Non-controlling interest                                                                0.3            1.9           1.7           0.7        0.7         1.1          1.4         1.7
Net earnings available to common shareholders                                   $     298.1 $        246.7 $       233.8 $       254.7 $    239.2 $     216.2 $      223.4 $     419.6
Reconciliation of non-IFRS financial measures ($ millions)
Adjusted net earnings available to common shareholders(2)                       $     301.2 $        252.7 $       237.8 $       250.0 $    244.1 $     220.4 $      224.5 $     204.9
Other items:
 Lifeco other items                                                                      (3.1)         (6.0)          (4.0)          –        (4.9)       (0.9)        (1.1)       (6.0)
 Rockefeller debt refinancing                                                               –             –              –           –           –        (3.3)           –           –
 Tax loss consolidation                                                                     –             –              –         4.7           –           –            –           –
 Gain on sale of IPC                                                                        –             –              –           –           –           –            –      220.7
Net earnings available to common shareholders                                   $     298.1 $        246.7 $       233.8 $       254.7 $    239.2 $     216.2 $      223.4 $     419.6
Earnings per share ($)
Adjusted earnings per share(2)
 – Basic                                                                        $       1.28 $         1.07 $        1.00 $       1.05 $      1.03 $      0.93 $      0.94 $      0.86
 – Diluted                                                                              1.27           1.07          1.00         1.05        1.03        0.93        0.94        0.86
Earnings per share
 – Basic                                                                                1.26           1.04          0.99         1.07        1.01        0.91        0.94        1.76
 – Diluted                                                                              1.26           1.04          0.98         1.07        1.01        0.91        0.94        1.76
Average outstanding shares – Diluted (thousands)                                    237,169       237,236        238,233       238,304     236,931     237,397     238,112     238,156




                                                                                                                                                                                           PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
Average AUM&A ($ billions)
 Investment fund AUM                                                            $     206.1 $        192.8 $       195.1 $       192.0 $    183.8 $     178.0 $      173.0 $     164.0
 AUM                                                                                  274.2          257.2         257.7         253.3      243.4       236.3        231.0       219.2
 AUM&A                                                                                291.7          273.8         274.7         269.3      258.6       250.9        245.0       232.1
Ending AUM&A ($ billions)
 Investment fund AUM                                                            $     213.7 $        200.7 $       193.4 $       191.9 $    188.6 $     179.4 $      178.5 $     169.5
 AUM                                                                                  284.7          266.8         258.1         253.1      249.3       237.4        237.7       226.6
 AUM&A                                                                                302.6          283.9         275.0         270.4      264.9       252.4        252.2       240.2
Ending AUM&A Including SI ($ billions)                                          $     562.4 $        521.1 $       503.6 $       483.5 $    461.6 $     431.7 $      422.8 $     390.6

(1) Interest expense includes interest on long-term debt and leases.
(2) A non-IFRS financial measure – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures section of this document.




16 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 THIRD QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                             C  13
                              Wealth Management
                              The Wealth Management segment includes IG Wealth                           • Proportionate share of associates’ earnings is the
                              Management and strategic investments in Rockefeller                          Company’s proportionate share of earnings from the
                              and Wealthsimple.                                                            segment’s equity investments.
                              Wealth Management revenue consists of:                                     Sub-advisory fees are paid between segments and
                              • Advisory fees are related to providing financial advice                  to third parties for investment management services
                                to clients including fees related to the distribution                    provided to our investment products. Wealth
                                of products and depend largely on the level and                          Management is considered a client of the Asset
                                composition of AUA. Advisory fees also include net                       Management segment and transfer pricing is based
                                interest income from client cash on deposit.                             on values for similar sized asset management mandates.
                              • Product and program fees are related to the                              Debt and interest expense is allocated to each
                                management of investment products and include                            IGM Financial segment based on management’s
                                management, administration and other related fees                        assessment of: i) capacity to service the debt, and
                                and depend largely on the level and composition of                       ii) where the debt is being serviced. Income taxes
                                assets under management.                                                 are also reported in each segment.
                              • Other financial planning revenues are fees primarily
                                related to providing clients other financial products
                                including mortgages, insurance and banking products.




                              Review of the Business
                              IG Wealth Management, founded in 1926, is a                                IG Wealth Management
                              leading wealth management company in Canada.
                                                                                                         IG Wealth Management is one of the largest
                              Through a network of advisors located across the
                                                                                                         independent financial planning firms in Canada, with
                              country, IG Wealth Management provides clients with
                                                                                                         advisors in every community from coast to coast. We are
                              personalized advice, comprehensive financial planning,
                                                                                                         driven by our mission to inspire financial confidence that
                              insurance and mortgage services and professionally
                                                                                                         can transform the lives of our clients and their families
                              managed investment solutions.
                                                                                                         and we are deeply committed to improving financial
                              Rockefeller, founded in 2018, is a leading U.S.                            literacy in the communities where we work and live.
                              independent financial services advisory firm focused on
                                                                                                         Our exclusive network is comprised of 3,159 advisors.
                              the high-net-worth and ultra-high-net-worth segments.
                                                                                                         IG Wealth Management clients are approximately
                              Rockefeller’s goal is to be a premier advisory firm that
                                                                                                         one million individuals, families and business owners.
                              redefines and elevates the financial services experience
                              to empower individuals, families, institutions and                         Canadians hold $6.7 trillion in discretionary financial




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                              corporations to realize their aspirations and achieve                      assets with financial institutions at December 31,
                              their most important goals.                                                2023, based on the most recent report from Investor
                                                                                                         Economics, and we view these savings as IG Wealth
                              Wealthsimple, founded in 2014, is one of Canada’s
                                                                                                         Management’s addressable market. 77% of these savings
                              fastest growing financial services companies and
                                                                                                         are held by households with over $1 million, which are
                              provides simple digital tools for growing and managing
                                                                                                         referred to as high net worth, and another 20% reside
                              client money. Wealthsimple’s mission is to help everyone
                                                                                                         with households with between $100,000 and $1 million,
                              achieve financial freedom.
                                                                                                         which Investor Economics refers to as mass affluent.
                                                                                                         These segments tend to have more complicated financial
                                                                                                         needs, and IG Wealth Management’s focus on providing



                                                                  IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 THIRD QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                17
                                   C  14                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
comprehensive financial planning solutions positions it                                  • Additional efficiencies: it streamlines the business
well to compete and grow in these segments.                                                operations and internal processes to improve the
                                                                                           client experience.
Strategy
Our goal is to help Canadians achieve financial                                          Financial Advice
well-being through better planning as Canada’s top                                       Our advisors focus on providing financial advice which
financial planning firm.                                                                 is the value of all efforts that sit outside the investment
We strive to meet our strategic mandate by:                                              portfolio construction. This includes the value that an
                                                                                         advisor adds to a client relationship and comes from
1) Focusing on key mass affluent and high net worth
                                                                                         the creation and follow through of a well-constructed
   segments by aligning our capabilities to industry
                                                                                         financial plan.
   wealth drivers.
2) Utilizing a segmented advice model to align our                                       Advisors
   best-in-class advice with Canadians’ financial                                        IG Wealth Management has a national distribution
   planning needs and complexities.                                                      network of more than 3,000 advisors in communities
                                                                                         throughout Canada. Our advisory services are most
3) Leveraging leading innovation to enhance client
                                                                                         suited to individuals with complicated financial needs.
   experience and improve operational efficiencies.
                                                                                         IG Wealth Management provides advice through two
IG Wealth Management has a client-centric strategy with
                                                                                         primary channels:
a focus on high net worth (HNW) and mass affluent client
segments, which we define as households with savings                                     • IG Wealth Management entrepreneurial advisors are
over $1 million and between $250,000 and $1 million,                                       focused on households with more complex needs by
respectively.                                                                              focusing on households with greater than $250,000
                                                                                           of assets.
IG Wealth Management is committed to increasing the
                                                                                         • IG Wealth Management corporate channel advisors
financial confidence of all Canadians by leveraging our
                                                                                           are focused on servicing households with less complex
people, expertise and resources because we believe it
                                                                                           requirements with assets up to $250,000.
will help create stronger communities and a better future
                                                                                         Our entrepreneurial advisor network creates a
for all.
                                                                                         competitive advantage and drives client engagement
We believe that Canadians deserve a high standard of                                     with a focus on comprehensive financial planning and
advice that takes into consideration all dimensions of                                   product solutions. Our advantage is further enabled
their financial lives with financial plans tailored to meet                              by hiring top quality advisors, increasing proficiency,
and adapt to their needs.                                                                improving technology, implementing a client
We focus on providing comprehensive financial advice                                     segmentation approach and enhancing a strong brand.
and well-constructed investment solutions designed                                       AUA consists of the following:
to deliver returns and risks that take into account each
                                                                                         • Clients with household assets greater than $1 million
client’s needs and requirements.
                                                                                           (defined as “high net worth”) which totalled
                                                                                           $75.0 billion at September 30, 2025, an increase of
2025 Developments
                                                                                           28.5% from one year ago, and represented 48% of
Dealer Merger                                                                              total AUA.




                                                                                                                                                       PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
Effective July 1, 2025, IG Wealth Management has merged                                  • Clients with household assets between $250,000 and
its mutual fund and investment dealers, Investors Group                                    $1 million (defined as “mass affluent”) which totalled
Financial Services Inc. and Investors Group Securities                                     $58.5 billion at September 30, 2025, an increase of 6.7%
Inc., into a single dual registered dealer, IG Wealth                                      from one year ago, and represented 38% of total AUA.
Management Inc. The benefits of the merger include:
                                                                                         • Clients with household assets less than $250,000
• Brand Alignment: IG Wealth Management Inc. more                                          (defined as “mass market”) which totalled $22.4 billion
   closely reflects the brand and company name.                                            at September 30, 2025, a decrease of 3.8% from one
• Ease of doing business: a single dealer structure makes                                  year ago, and represented 14% of total AUA.
   it easier for clients to do business with the company.
                                                                                         IG Wealth Management advisor practices are industry
                                                                                         leaders in holding a credentialed financial planning


18   IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 THIRD QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                         C  15
                              designation. These designations are nationally                              Clients are served by our mutual fund licensed and
                              recognized financial planning qualifications that                           securities licensed advisors and specialists.
                              require an individual to demonstrate financial planning
                                                                                                          Client Experiences
                              competence through education, standardized
                              examinations, continuing education requirements, and                        IG Wealth Management distinguishes itself from our
                              accountability to ethical standards.                                        competition by offering comprehensive planning to our
                                                                                                          clients that synchronize every aspect of their financial
                              The following provides a breakdown of the IG Wealth                         life. IG Wealth Management services clients located
                              Management advisor network into its significant                             in communities throughout Canada. A primary focus
                              components at September 30, 2025:                                           is on advising and attracting high net worth and mass
                              • 1,588 advisor practices (1,657 at September 30, 2024),                    affluent clients.
                                which reflect advisors with more than four years of
                                                                                                          For the distinct needs of the high net worth market,
                                experience. These practices may include associates as
                                                                                                          IG Private Wealth Management focuses on industry wealth
                                described below. The level and productivity of advisor
                                                                                                          drivers including tax planning and optimization, retirement
                                practices is a key measurement of our business as
                                                                                                          readiness, wealth transfer and estate planning, small and
                                they serve clientele representing approximately 94%
                                                                                                          medium enterprise monetization, high net worth financial
                                of AUA.
                                                                                                          literacy and philanthropy and legacy planning.
                              • 224 new advisors (249 at September 30, 2024),
                                which are those advisors with less than four years of                     IG Living Plan allows clients to collaborate with an
                                experience.                                                               IG Wealth Management advisor through an enhanced
                                                                                                          digital experience to develop and track a financial plan
                              • 1,347 associates and regional vice-presidents (1,274
                                                                                                          which is unique to each client’s goals.
                                at September 30, 2024). Associates are licensed team
                                members of advisor practices who provide financial                        IG Wealth Management has a full range of products that
                                planning services and advice to the clientele served                      allow us to provide a tailored IG Living Plan that evolves
                                by the team.                                                              over time. These products include:
                              • IG Wealth Management had a total advisor network                          • Powerful financial solutions that include investment
                                of 3,159 (3,180 at September 30, 2024).                                      vehicles, focusing on managed solutions, that match
                                                                                                             risk and investment performance to each client’s needs
                              IG Wealth Management uses advisor productivity as
                                                                                                             and requirements.
                              a key performance measure in evaluating its advisor
                              network. The productivity is measured based on gross                        • Insurance products that include a variety of policy
                              inflows per advisor and is monitored for both advisor                          types from the leading insurers in Canada.
                              recruits with less than four years experience and advisor                   • Mortgage banking solutions that are offered as part
                              practices with greater than four years experience.                             of a comprehensive financial plan.
                              Experienced recruits are included within the greater than                   The Charitable Giving Program is a donor-advised giving
                              four years experience category.                                             program which enables Canadians to make donations
                              • The advisor recruit’s gross inflows were $0.7 million                     and build an enduring charitable giving legacy with
                                per advisor, unchanged from the comparative period                        considerably less expense and complexity than setting
                                of 2024.                                                                  up and administering their own private foundation.
                              • The advisor practice gross inflows were $2.2 million per                  The IG Advisory Account (IGAA) is a fee-based account




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                practice, compared to $1.8 million in the comparative                     that improves client experience by offering the ability
                                period of 2024.                                                           to simplify and consolidate selected investments
                              We support advisors and clients through our network of                      into a single account while providing all our clients
                              product and planning specialists, who assist in the areas                   with a transparent advisory fee. IGAA increases
                              of advanced financial planning, portfolio strategy and                      fee transparency and can hold most securities and
                              insurance. As part of the strategic mortgage partnership,                   investment products available in the marketplace to
                              nesto Inc. provides mortgage planning and home equity                       individual investors.
                              line of credit assistance to clients. These specialists help
                              to ensure that we are providing comprehensive financial
                              planning across all elements of a client’s financial life.



                                                                   IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 THIRD QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                19
                                   C  16                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Financial Solutions                                                                        real property and alternatives. These fund-on-fund
                                                                                           solutions provide options to amplify specific outcomes,
IG Wealth Management strives to achieve expected
                                                                                           such as lower volatility, higher income, or higher
investment returns for the lowest possible risk focusing on
                                                                                           potential capital growth.
managed solutions that create value for clients through
active management. To do this, we select and engage                                      • iProfile™ Portfolios provide the same investment
high-quality sub-advisors so our clients have access to a                                  expertise and approach to building portfolios that
diverse range of investment products and solutions. Each                                   are typically reserved for only the largest investors.
asset manager is selected through a proven and rigorous                                    The portfolios include a variety of sophisticated
process. We oversee all sub-advisors to ensure that their                                  investment strategies, such as alternative assets and
activities are consistent with their investment philosophies                               private markets, that are out of reach for individual
and with the investment objectives and strategies of the                                   investors. The portfolios offer wide diversification,
products they advise.                                                                      across a variety of asset classes to help minimize risk
                                                                                           and maximize returns.
Our investment solutions leverage top global asset
                                                                                         • iProfile™ Private Discretionary Portfolios are model
manager relationships including Mackenzie Investments
                                                                                           portfolios comprised of iProfile Private Pools, available
and other world class investment firms such as Fidelity
                                                                                           for households with investments held at IG Wealth
Investments Canada, T. Rowe Price (Canada), Sagard
                                                                                           Management in excess of $250,000. iProfile Private
Credit Partners, Portage, Beutel Goodman & Company,
                                                                                           Discretionary Portfolios have been designed to deliver
PanAgora Asset Management, PIMCO Canada Corp.,
                                                                                           strong risk-adjusted returns by diversifying across asset
Northleaf Capital Partners (Canada), BristolGate Capital
                                                                                           classes, management styles and geographic regions.
Partners, Aristotle Capital Boston, Putnam Investments
Canada, Franklin Templeton Investment Management,                                        • A deep and broad selection of mutual funds,
Wellington Management Canada, Rockefeller & Co.,                                           diversified by manager, asset category, investment
JPMorgan Asset Management (Canada), Rockefeller                                            style, geography, market capitalization and sector.
Capital Management, BlackRock Asset Management                                           • Segregated funds that provide for long-term
Canada, ClearBridge Investments, 1832 Asset                                                investment growth potential combined with risk
Management (Dynamic), American Century Investment                                          management, benefit guarantee features and estate
Management, Manulife Investment Management Limited,                                        planning efficiencies.
Manulife Investment Management (US) LLC, Manulife                                        • Separately managed accounts (discretionary dealer-
Investment Management (Hong Kong), Guardian Capital                                        managed accounts).
LP, Capital Research and Management Company, and                                         We have incorporated investments in private assets into
Brookfield Investment Management (Canada).                                               various mandates through commitments to investments
We provide clients with an extensive suite of                                            managed by Northleaf, BlackRock, PIMCO and Sagard.
well-constructed and competitively priced financial                                      IG Wealth Management monitors its investment
solutions that incorporate public and private market                                     performance by comparing to certain benchmarks.
investments as well as alternative investment strategies.                                Morningstar† fund ranking service is one of the rankings
We regularly enhance the scope and diversity of our                                      monitored when determining fund performance.
investment offering with new funds and product
changes that enable clients to achieve their goals. We                                   At September 30, 2025, 94.5% of IG Wealth Management
believe that well-constructed managed solutions provide                                  mutual fund assets had a rating of three stars or better




                                                                                                                                                       PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
advisors with the best opportunity to focus on providing                                 from Morningstar† fund ranking service and 66.3%
financial advice to their clients.                                                       had a rating of four or five stars. This compared to the
                                                                                         Morningstar† universe of 87.4% for three stars or better
We provide portfolio construction with investment                                        and 56.1% for four and five star funds at September 30,
solutions that include public markets, private markets,                                  2025. Morningstar Ratings† are an objective, quantitative
and alternative strategies.                                                              measure of a fund’s three, five and ten year risk-adjusted
Our investment solutions include:                                                        performance relative to comparable funds.
• Wealth Portfolios are a suite of professionally managed
  portfolio solutions that employ leading global
  asset managers and offer extensive diversification,
  including access to difficult-to-reach asset classes like


20 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 THIRD QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                       C  17
                              Other Products and Services                                                    Wealth Management AUM and AUA
                              Segregated Funds                                                               AUM and AUA are key performance indicators for the
                              IG Wealth Management offers segregated funds                                   Wealth Management segment and are detailed in
                              which include the IG Series of Guaranteed Investment                           Tables 8 and 9.
                              Funds (GIFs). Select GIF policies allow for a Lifetime
                                                                                                             Wealth Management AUA including strategic investments
                              Income Benefit (LIB) option to provide guaranteed
                                                                                                             were $235.3 billion at September 30, 2025, compared
                              retirement income for life. The investment components
                                                                                                             to $191.8 billion at September 30, 2024. Strategic
                              of these segregated funds are managed by IG Wealth
                                                                                                             investments AUA is based on the Company’s interest in
                              Management. At September 30, 2025, total segregated
                                                                                                             these companies.
                              fund assets were $1.2 billion, unchanged from
                              September 30, 2024.                                                            IG Wealth Management’s AUA were $155.9 billion
                                                                                                             at September 30, 2025, an increase of 14.3% from
                              Insurance                                                                      September 30, 2024. The level of AUA is influenced
                              IG Wealth Management distributes life insurance in                             by three factors: client inflows, client outflows and
                              Canada through its arrangements with leading insurance                         investment returns. AUA represents savings and
                              companies, and offers a broad range of term, universal                         investment products, including AUM where we provide
                              life, whole life, disability, critical illness, long-term care,                investment management services, that are held within
                              personal health care coverage and group insurance.                             our clients’ accounts. Advisory fees are charged based
                              At September 30, 2025, total in-force policies were                            on an annual percentage of substantially all AUA, through
                              approximately 370 thousand with an insured value of                            the IG Advisory Account fee, and represent the majority
                              $107 billion, compared to approximately 372 thousand                           of the fees earned from our clients. Our entrepreneurial
                              with an insured value of $106 billion at September 30,                         advisors’ compensation is also based on AUA and net
                              2024. Distribution of insurance products is enhanced                           assets contributed by our clients.
                              through IG Wealth Management’s Insurance Planning                              At September 30, 2025, Rockefeller’s client assets were
                              Specialists, located throughout Canada, who assist                             USD $186.8 billion ($259.9 billion), compared to USD
                              advisors with advanced estate planning solutions for                           $148.9 billion ($201.4 billion) at September 30, 2024, an
                              high net worth clients.                                                        increase of 25.5% (CAD 29.0%). IGM Financial holds a
                                                                                                             20.5% interest in Rockefeller.
                              Mortgage Banking Operations
                              Mortgages, which include home equity lines of                                  At September 30, 2025, Wealthsimple’s AUA
                              credit (HELOCs), are offered to clients by IG Wealth                           was $100.8 billion, compared to $52.1 billion at
                              Management. Licensed mortgage brokers are located                              September 30, 2024, an increase of 93.5%. IGM Financial
                              throughout each province in Canada, and work with                              holds a 26.0% interest in Wealthsimple at September 30,
                              our clients and their advisors to develop mortgage                             2025, compared to 27.3% at September 30, 2024.
                              and lending strategies that meet the individual needs
                              and goals of each client as part of their comprehensive                        IG Wealth Management AUM and AUA
                              financial plan.                                                                Change in AUM & AUA – 2025 vs. 2024
                              Mortgage fundings offered through IG Wealth                                    IG Wealth Management’s AUA of $155.9 billion at
                              Management for the three and nine months ended                                 September 30, 2025, a record high, increased 14.3%
                              September 30, 2025 were $336 million and $900 million,                         from $136.4 billion at September 30, 2024. IG Wealth




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                              compared to $299 million and $712 million in 2024,                             Management’s mutual fund AUM were $138.0 billion at
                              an increase of 12.4% and 26.4%, respectively. At                               September 30, 2025, representing an increase of 14.2%
                              September 30, 2025, mortgages serviced totalled                                from $120.8 billion at September 30, 2024. Average
                              $6.9 billion, compared to $6.8 billion at September 30,                        daily mutual fund assets were $133.0 billion in the third
                              2024, an increase of 1.5%.                                                     quarter of 2025, up 13.1% from $117.7 billion in the third
                                                                                                             quarter of 2024. Average daily mutual fund assets were
                              Private Company Advisory                                                       $127.7 billion for the nine months ended September 30,
                              Private Company Advisory is a comprehensive service                            2025, an increase of 12.3% from $113.7 billion in 2024.
                              to business owners in the small to midsize segment that                        For the quarter ended September 30, 2025, gross client
                              provides advice on debt and equity financing, business                         inflows of IG Wealth Management AUA were $3.8 billion,
                              valuation and succession.

                                                                     IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 THIRD QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                 21
                                   C  18                                     P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Table 8: Change in AUA – Wealth Management
                                                                                                                                                             Change
Three months ended                                                                                2025               2025           2024           2025        2024
($ millions)                                                                                    Sep. 30            Jun. 30        Sep. 30        Jun. 30     Sep. 30
Change in AUA – IG Wealth Management
 Gross client inflows                                                                      $      3,781        $      3,613   $     3,432            4.6 %      10.2 %
 Gross client outflows(1)                                                                         3,355               3,388         3,102           (1.0)        8.2
 Net flows                                                                                          426                 225           330           89.3        29.1
 Investment returns                                                                               8,794               4,910         6,362           79.1        38.2
 Net change in assets                                                                             9,220               5,135         6,692           79.6        37.8
 Beginning assets                                                                              146,664             141,529        129,716            3.6        13.1
 Ending AUA                                                                                $ 155,884           $ 146,664      $ 136,408              6.3 %      14.3 %
Strategic investments ending AUA
 Rockefeller                                                                               $     53,176        $    47,605    $    41,192           11.7 %       29.1 %
 Wealthsimple                                                                                    26,218             22,567         14,234           16.2         84.2
 Intra-segment eliminations                                                                          (9)                (8)            (7)         (12.5)       (28.6)
                                                                                           $     79,385        $    70,164    $    55,419           13.1 %      43.2 %
Consolidated ending AUA including strategic investments                                    $ 235,269           $ 216,828      $ 191,827              8.5 %      22.6 %
Daily average AUA
 IG Wealth Management                                                                      $ 150,491           $ 141,170      $ 132,913              6.6 %      13.2 %

Nine months ended                                                                                                                   2025           2024
($ millions)                                                                                                                      Sep. 30        Sep. 30     Change
Change in AUA – IG Wealth Management
 Gross client inflows                                                                                                         $ 11,560       $    10,696          8.1 %
 Gross client outflows(1)                                                                                                       10,191            10,493         (2.9)
 Net flows                                                                                                                          1,369            203        N/M
 Investment returns                                                                                                                14,095         14,982         (5.9)
 Net change in assets                                                                                                              15,464         15,185         1.8
 Beginning assets                                                                                                                 140,420        121,223        15.8
 Ending AUA                                                                                                                   $ 155,884      $ 136,408          14.3 %
Daily average AUA
 IG Wealth Management                                                                                                         $ 144,749      $ 128,361          12.8 %
(1) IG Wealth Management pension plan redemptions from IG Wealth Management mutual funds were re-allocated into a separately managed account managed
    by Mackenzie:
    2025 Q2 – $24 million
    2024 Q1 – $177 million




an increase of 10.2% from $3.4 billion in 2024. For the                                        network were $3.9 billion, an increase of 17.7% from the
quarter ended September 30, 2025, gross inflows from                                           comparable period in 2024. Mutual fund redemptions




                                                                                                                                                                          PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
newly acquired clients with more than $1.0 million of                                          totalled $3.4 billion, an increase of 12.2% from 2024.
assets accounted for 34.2% of all newly acquired client                                        IG Wealth Management mutual fund net sales for the
inflows. Net client inflows were $426 million, compared                                        third quarter of 2025 were $533 million, compared to net
to net client inflows of $330 million in the comparable                                        sales of $313 million in 2024. During the third quarter,
period in 2024. During the third quarter, investment                                           investment returns resulted in an increase of $7.9 billion
returns resulted in an increase of $8.8 billion in AUA,                                        in mutual fund assets, compared to an increase of
compared to an increase of $6.4 billion in the third                                           $5.8 billion in the third quarter of 2024.
quarter of 2024.                                                                               IG Wealth Management’s annualized quarterly
For the quarter ended September 30, 2025, sales of                                             redemption rate for long-term funds was 9.4% in
IG Wealth Management mutual funds through its advisor                                          the third quarter of 2025, unchanged from the third


22    IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 THIRD QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                      C  19
                              Table 9: Change in AUM – IG Wealth Management
                                                                                                                                                                                                 Change
                              Three months ended                                                                            2025               2025                2024                2025        2024
                              ($ millions)                                                                                Sep. 30            Jun. 30             Sep. 30             Jun. 30     Sep. 30
                              Sales                                                                                  $      3,885        $      3,775        $      3,301                2.9 %      17.7 %
                              Redemptions(1)                                                                                3,352               3,286               2,988                2.0        12.2
                              Net sales (redemptions)                                                                          533                489                 313                9.0        70.3
                              Investment returns                                                                             7,919              4,392               5,820               80.3        36.1
                              Net change in assets                                                                          8,452              4,881               6,133                73.2        37.8
                              Beginning assets                                                                            129,526            124,645             114,655                 3.9        13.0
                              Ending assets                                                                          $ 137,978           $ 129,526           $ 120,788                   6.5 %      14.2 %
                              Daily average AUM                                                                      $ 133,017           $ 124,484           $ 117,656                   6.9 %      13.1 %

                              Nine months ended                                                                                                                    2025                2024
                              ($ millions)                                                                                                                       Sep. 30             Sep. 30     Change
                              Sales(2)                                                                                                                       $    12,567         $    11,312        11.1 %
                              Redemptions(1)(2)                                                                                                                   10,601              11,926       (11.1)
                              Net sales (redemptions)                                                                                                              1,966                (614)      N/M
                              Investment returns                                                                                                                  12,812              13,767        (6.9)
                              Net change in assets                                                                                                                14,778              13,153        12.4
                              Beginning assets                                                                                                                   123,200             107,635        14.5
                              Ending assets                                                                                                                  $ 137,978           $ 120,788          14.2 %
                              Daily average AUM                                                                                                              $ 127,680           $ 113,732          12.3 %
                              (1) IG Wealth Management pension plan redemptions from IG Wealth Management mutual funds were re-allocated into a separately managed account managed
                                  by Mackenzie:
                                  2025 Q2 – $24 million
                                  2024 Q1 – $177 million
                              (2) In the second quarter of 2024, IG Wealth Management experienced heightened investment fund gross sales, redemptions and heightened positive other net flows
                                  due to clients strategically triggering capital gains in advance of changes to Canada’s capital gains tax policy.




                              quarter of 2024. IG Wealth Management’s twelve                                             In June 2024, IG Wealth Management experienced
                              month trailing redemption rate for long-term funds was                                     heightened investment fund gross sales, redemptions
                              10.5% at September 30, 2025, compared to 13.3% at                                          and heightened positive other net flows due to clients
                              September 30, 2024. The corresponding average twelve                                       strategically triggering capital gains in advance of
                              month trailing redemption rate for all other members of                                    proposed changes to Canada’s capital gains tax policy.
                              the Securities and Investment Management Association                                       For the nine months ended September 30, 2025, sales of
                              (SIMA), formerly IFIC, was approximately 15.2% at                                          IG Wealth Management mutual funds through its advisor
                              September 30, 2025.                                                                        network were $12.6 billion, an increase of 11.1% from
                              For the nine months ended September 30, 2025, gross                                        2024. Mutual fund redemptions totalled $10.6 billion,
                              client inflows of IG Wealth Management AUA were                                            a decrease of 11.1% from 2024. Net sales of IG Wealth




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                              $11.6 billion and represented an increase of 8.1% from                                     Management mutual funds were $2.0 billion compared
                              $10.7 billion in the comparable period in 2024. For the                                    to net redemptions of $614 million in 2024. During 2025,
                              nine months ended September 30, 2025, gross inflows                                        investment returns resulted in an increase of $12.8 billion
                              from newly acquired clients with more than $1.0 million                                    in mutual fund assets, compared to an increase of
                              of assets accounted for 37.1% of all newly acquired client                                 $13.8 billion in 2024.
                              inflows. Net client inflows were $1.4 billion in the nine                                  In the second quarter of 2025, the IG Wealth
                              month period, an increase of $1.2 billion from net client                                  Management pension plan redeemed $24 million
                              inflows of $203 million in the comparable period in 2024.                                  from IG Wealth Management mutual funds that was
                              During 2025, investment returns resulted in an increase                                    re-allocated into a separately managed account
                              of $14.1 billion in AUA, compared to an increase of                                        managed by Mackenzie Investments. In the first quarter
                              $15.0 billion in 2024.                                                                     of 2024, the pension plan had re-allocated $177 million.

                                                                             IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 THIRD QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                                      23
                                    C  20                                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Excluding these transactions, net client inflows and net                                 compared to $3.6 billion in the prior quarter. Net client
sales for the nine month period of 2025 were $1.4 billion                                inflows were $426 million, compared to net client
and $2.0 billion, respectively, compared to net client                                   inflows of $225 million in the prior quarter. During the
inflows and net redemptions of $380 million and                                          third quarter, investment returns resulted in an increase
$437 million, respectively, in 2024.                                                     of $8.8 billion in AUA, compared to an increase of
                                                                                         $4.9 billion in the prior quarter.
Change in AUM & AUA – Q3 2025 vs. Q2 2025
IG Wealth Management’s AUA were $155.9 billion                                           For the quarter ended September 30, 2025, sales of
at September 30, 2025, an increase of 6.3% from                                          IG Wealth Management mutual funds through its advisor
$146.7 billion at June 30, 2025. IG Wealth Management’s                                  network were $3.9 billion, an increase of 2.9% from
mutual fund AUM were $138.0 billion at September 30,                                     the second quarter of 2025. Mutual fund redemptions
2025, an increase of 6.5% from $129.5 billion at                                         totalled $3.4 billion for the third quarter, an increase
June 30, 2025. Average daily mutual fund assets were                                     of 2.0% from the previous quarter, and the annualized
$133.0 billion in the third quarter of 2025, compared to                                 quarterly redemption rate was 9.4% in the third quarter,
$124.5 billion in the second quarter of 2025, an increase                                compared to 9.7% in the second quarter of 2025.
of 6.9%.                                                                                 IG Wealth Management mutual fund net sales were
                                                                                         $533 million for the current quarter, compared to net
For the quarter ended September 30, 2025, gross client                                   sales of $489 million in the previous quarter.
inflows of IG Wealth Management AUA were $3.8 billion,




                                                                                                                                                     PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.




24 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 THIRD QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                       C  21
                              Review of Segment Operating Results
                              The Wealth Management segment’s adjusted net                                                Adjusted earnings before interest and taxes for the third
                              earnings are presented in Table 10 and include the                                          quarter of 2025 were $238.3 million, an increase of 21.0%
                              operations of IG Wealth Management and earnings                                             from the third quarter in 2024 and an increase of 16.6%
                              related to strategic investments.                                                           from the prior quarter. Adjusted earnings before interest
                                                                                                                          and taxes for the nine months ended September 30, 2025
                              IG Wealth Management                                                                        were $643.3 million, an increase of 14.9% from 2024.
                              IG Wealth Management’s adjusted net earnings are
                                                                                                                          2025 vs. 2024
                              presented within Table 11. Adjusted net earnings for the
                                                                                                                          Fee Income
                              third quarter of 2025 were $155.3 million, an increase
                              of 23.7% from the third quarter in 2024 and an increase                                     Advisory fees include fees for providing financial advice
                              of 18.1% from the prior quarter. Adjusted net earnings                                      to clients including fees related to the distribution of
                              for the nine months ended September 30, 2025 were                                           products and net client interest income which depend
                              $415.2 million, an increase of 17.2% from 2024.                                             largely on the level and composition of AUA. Advisory
                                                                                                                          fees were $368.1 million in the third quarter of 2025, an



                              Table 10: Operating Results – Wealth Management
                                                                                                                                                                                                  Change
                              Three months ended                                                                             2025               2025                2024                2025        2024
                              ($ millions)                                                                                 Sep. 30            Jun. 30             Sep. 30             Jun. 30     Sep. 30
                              Revenues
                               Wealth Management
                                Advisory fees                                                                         $      368.1        $      346.3        $      328.6                6.3 %      12.0 %
                                Product and program fees                                                                     285.6               263.7               253.5                8.3        12.7
                                                                                                                             653.7               610.0               582.1                7.2        12.3
                                Other financial planning revenues                                                             47.1                43.0                36.4                9.5        29.4
                               Total Wealth Management                                                                       700.8               653.0               618.5                7.3       13.3
                               Net investment income and other                                                                 2.0                 2.2                 1.1               (9.1)      81.8
                               Proportionate share of associates’ earnings                                                     3.2                (0.4)               (0.2)             N/M         N/M
                                                                                                                             706.0               654.8               619.4                7.8        14.0
                              Expenses
                               Advisory and business development
                                Asset-based compensation                                                                     192.7               182.4               169.5                5.6        13.7
                                Sales-based compensation                                                                      29.0                28.2                26.5                2.8         9.4
                                Other
                                 Other product commissions                                                                     23.1                24.3                19.7               (4.9)      17.3
                                 Business development                                                                          42.3                48.5                42.8             (12.8)       (1.2)




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                                                                                                               65.4                72.8                62.5             (10.2)        4.6
                               Total advisory and business development                                                       287.1               283.4               258.5                1.3        11.1
                               Operations and support                                                                        122.2               116.1               115.3                5.3         6.0
                               Sub-advisory                                                                                   55.4                51.6                49.1                7.4        12.8
                                                                                                                             464.7               451.1               422.9                3.0         9.9
                              Adjusted earnings before interest and taxes(1)                                                 241.3               203.7               196.5               18.5        22.8
                              Interest expense                                                                                25.9                25.8                25.8                0.4         0.4
                              Adjusted earnings before income taxes(1)                                                       215.4               177.9               170.7               21.1        26.2
                              Income taxes                                                                                    57.2                47.1                45.8               21.4        24.9
                              Adjusted net earnings(1)                                                                $      158.2        $      130.8        $      124.9               20.9 %      26.7 %

                              (1) A non-IFRS financial measure – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures section of this document.


                                                                              IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 THIRD QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                                      25
                                    C  22                                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Table 10: Operating Results – Wealth Management (continued)
Nine months ended                                                                                                                  2025           2024
($ millions)                                                                                                                     Sep. 30        Sep. 30    Change
Revenues
 Wealth Management
  Advisory fees                                                                                                              $ 1,056.5      $     953.0       10.9 %
  Product and program fees                                                                                                       813.2            730.0       11.4
                                                                                                                                 1,869.7        1,683.0       11.1
  Other financial planning revenues                                                                                                126.9          112.3       13.0
 Total Wealth Management                                                                                                         1,996.6        1,795.3        11.2
 Net investment income and other                                                                                                     6.3            9.1       (30.8)
 Proportionate share of associates’ earnings                                                                                        (0.9)          (7.7)       88.3
                                                                                                                                 2,002.0        1,796.7       11.4
Expenses
 Advisory and business development
  Asset-based compensation                                                                                                         559.1          487.4       14.7
  Sales-based compensation                                                                                                          84.9           77.3        9.8
  Other
   Other product commissions                                                                                                        67.7           59.1       14.6
   Business development                                                                                                            133.9          136.0       (1.5)
                                                                                                                                  201.6           195.1         3.3
 Total advisory and business development                                                                                          845.6           759.8       11.3
 Operations and support                                                                                                           356.2           344.6        3.4
 Sub-advisory                                                                                                                     158.5           140.9       12.5
                                                                                                                                 1,360.3        1,245.3         9.2
Adjusted earnings before interest and taxes(1)                                                                                    641.7           551.4       16.4
Interest expense                                                                                                                   77.2            77.3       (0.1)
Adjusted earnings before income taxes(1)                                                                                          564.5           474.1       19.1
Income taxes                                                                                                                      151.2           129.3       16.9
Adjusted net earnings(1)                                                                                                     $    413.3     $     344.8       19.9 %

(1) A non-IFRS financial measure – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures section of this document.




increase of $39.5 million or 12.0% from $328.6 million                                          97.6 basis points of average AUA, compared to 99.2 basis
in 2024. For the nine months ended September 30,                                                points in 2024. Fee rates are determined based on client
2025, advisory fees were $1,056.5 million, an increase                                          AUA levels and the average rate will fluctuate based on
of $103.5 million or 10.9% from $953.0 million in 2024.                                         changes in a client’s AUA as well as product mix.
The increase in advisory fees in the three months                                               Product and program fees depend largely on the
ending September 30, 2025 was primarily due to the                                              level and composition of mutual fund AUM. Product




                                                                                                                                                                       PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
increase in average AUA of 13.2%, as shown in Table 8,                                          and program fees totalled $285.6 million in the
partially offset by a decrease in the advisory fee rate.                                        current quarter, up 12.7% from $253.5 million a year
The increase in advisory fees in the nine months ending                                         ago primarily due to the increase in average AUM of
September 30, 2025 was primarily due to the increase in                                         13.1%, as shown in Table 9. Product and program fees
average AUA of 12.8%, partially offset by a decrease in                                         were $813.2 million for the nine month period ended
the advisory rate and one less calendar day in the nine                                         September 30, 2025, compared to $730.0 million in
month period of 2025, compared to the same period in                                            2024, an increase of 11.4% primarily due to an increase
2024. The average advisory fee rate for the third quarter                                       in average AUM of 12.3%. The average product and
was 97.0 basis points of average AUA, compared to                                               program fee rate for the three and nine month periods
98.4 basis points in 2024. The average advisory fee rate                                        ending September 30, 2025 were both 85.2 basis points
for the nine months ended September 30, 2025 was                                                of AUM, compared to 85.5 and 85.6 basis points for the


26 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 THIRD QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                 C  23
                              Table 11: Operating Results – IG Wealth Management
                                                                                                                                                                                                  Change
                              Three months ended                                                                             2025               2025                2024                2025        2024
                              ($ millions)                                                                                 Sep. 30            Jun. 30             Sep. 30             Jun. 30     Sep. 30
                              Revenues
                               Wealth Management
                                Advisory fees                                                                         $      368.1        $      346.3        $      328.6                6.3 %      12.0 %
                                Product and program fees                                                                     285.6               263.7               253.5                8.3        12.7
                                                                                                                             653.7               610.0               582.1                7.2        12.3
                                Other financial planning revenues                                                             47.1                43.0                36.4                9.5        29.4
                               Total Wealth Management                                                                       700.8               653.0               618.5                7.3        13.3
                               Net investment income and other                                                                 2.0                 2.2                 1.1               (9.1)       81.8
                                                                                                                             702.8               655.2               619.6                7.3        13.4
                              Expenses
                               Advisory and business development
                                Asset-based compensation                                                                     192.7               182.4               169.5                5.6        13.7
                                Sales-based compensation                                                                      29.0                28.2                26.5                2.8         9.4
                                Other
                                 Other product commissions                                                                     23.1                24.3                19.7               (4.9)      17.3
                                 Business development                                                                          42.3                48.5                42.8             (12.8)       (1.2)
                                                                                                                               65.4                72.8                62.5             (10.2)        4.6
                               Total advisory and business development                                                       287.1               283.4               258.5                1.3        11.1
                               Operations and support                                                                        122.0               115.9               115.1                5.3         6.0
                               Sub-advisory                                                                                   55.4                51.6                49.1                7.4        12.8
                                                                                                                             464.5               450.9               422.7                3.0         9.9
                              Adjusted earnings before interest and taxes(1)                                                 238.3               204.3               196.9               16.6        21.0
                              Interest expense                                                                                25.9                25.8                25.8                0.4         0.4
                              Adjusted earnings before income taxes(1)                                                       212.4               178.5               171.1               19.0        24.1
                              Income taxes                                                                                    57.1                47.0                45.6               21.5        25.2
                              Adjusted net earnings(1)                                                                $      155.3        $      131.5        $      125.5               18.1 %      23.7 %

                              (1) A non-IFRS financial measure – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures section of this document.




                              comparable periods in 2024. The decrease in rates for                                       operations and higher revenues from the distribution
                              both periods is due to changes in product mix.                                              of insurance products.
                              Other financial planning revenues are primarily                                             A summary of mortgage banking operations for the
                              earned from:                                                                                periods under review is presented in Table 12.
                              • Mortgage banking operations
                                                                                                                          Net Investment Income and Other
                              • Distribution of insurance products through




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                                                                                                          Net investment income and other consists of unrealized
                                I.G. Insurance Services Inc.                                                              gains or losses on investments in proprietary funds,
                              • Securities trading services provided through                                              investment income earned on our cash and cash
                                IG Wealth Management Inc.                                                                 equivalents and securities, and other income not
                              Other financial planning revenues of $47.1 million for                                      related to our core business. It also includes a charge
                              the third quarter of 2025 increased by $10.7 million from                                   from the Corporate and Other segment for the use of
                              $36.4 million in 2024. For the nine month period, other                                     unallocated capital.
                              financial planning revenues of $126.9 million increased
                                                                                                                          Expenses
                              by $14.6 million from $112.3 million in 2024. The change
                                                                                                                          IG Wealth Management incurs advisory and business
                              for both the three and nine month periods was primarily
                                                                                                                          development expenses that include compensation
                              due to higher earnings from mortgage banking
                                                                                                                          paid to our advisors. The majority of these costs vary

                                                                              IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 THIRD QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                                      27
                                    C  24                                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Table 11: Operating Results – IG Wealth Management (continued)
Nine months ended                                                                                                                  2025          2024
($ millions)                                                                                                                     Sep. 30       Sep. 30   Change
Revenues
 Wealth Management
  Advisory fees                                                                                                              $ 1,056.5     $     953.0      10.9 %
  Product and program fees                                                                                                       813.2           730.0      11.4
                                                                                                                                 1,869.7       1,683.0      11.1
  Other financial planning revenues                                                                                                126.9         112.3      13.0
 Total Wealth Management                                                                                                         1,996.6       1,795.3       11.2
 Net investment income and other                                                                                                     6.3           9.1      (30.8)
                                                                                                                                 2,002.9       1,804.4      11.0
Expenses
 Advisory and business development
  Asset-based compensation                                                                                                         559.1         487.4      14.7
  Sales-based compensation                                                                                                          84.9          77.3       9.8
  Other
   Other product commissions                                                                                                        67.7          59.1      14.6
   Business development                                                                                                            133.9         136.0      (1.5)
                                                                                                                                  201.6          195.1        3.3
 Total advisory and business development                                                                                          845.6          759.8      11.3
 Operations and support                                                                                                           355.5          343.9       3.4
 Sub-advisory                                                                                                                     158.5          140.9      12.5
                                                                                                                                 1,359.6       1,244.6        9.2
Adjusted earnings before interest and taxes(1)                                                                                    643.3          559.8      14.9
Interest expense                                                                                                                   77.2           77.3      (0.1)
Adjusted earnings before income taxes(1)                                                                                          566.1          482.5      17.3
Income taxes                                                                                                                      150.9          128.1      17.8
Adjusted net earnings(1)                                                                                                     $    415.2    $     354.4      17.2 %

(1) A non-IFRS financial measure – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures section of this document.




directly with asset or sales levels. Also included are other                                    to 2024. The increase for both the three and nine month
distribution and business development activities which                                          periods was primarily due to increases in AUA.
do not vary directly with asset or sales levels, such as                                        IG Wealth Management sales-based compensation is
corporate channel, direct marketing and advertising,                                            based upon the level of net new assets contributed to
financial planning specialist support and other costs                                           client accounts at IG Wealth Management (subject to
incurred to support our advisor networks. These                                                 eligibility requirements). All sales-based compensation
expenses tend to be discretionary or vary based upon                                            payments are capitalized and amortized as they reflect
the number of advisors or clients.




                                                                                                                                                                     PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                                                                                incremental costs to obtain a client contract. Sales-based
Asset-based compensation includes compensation                                                  compensation was $29.0 million for the third quarter
paid to both the entrepreneurial advisor and the                                                of 2025, an increase of $2.5 million from $26.5 million
corporate channels. The entrepreneurial advisor channel                                         in 2024. For the nine month period, sales-based
compensation fluctuates primarily with the value of                                             compensation expense was $84.9 million, an increase
AUA and product mix while the corporate channel                                                 of $7.6 million from $77.3 million in 2024.
fluctuates largely based on the number of clients within                                        Other advisory and business development expenses
the channel. Asset-based compensation increased                                                 were $65.4 million in the third quarter of 2025, compared
by $23.2 million and $71.7 million for the three and                                            to $62.5 million in 2024, an increase of $2.9 million. Other
nine month periods ended September 30, 2025 to                                                  advisory and business development expenses were
$192.7 million and $559.1 million, respectively, compared                                       $201.6 million in the nine months ended September 30,

28    IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 THIRD QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                               C  25
                              Table 12: Mortgage Banking Operations – IG Wealth Management
                                                                                                                                                                                                   Change
                              Three months ended                                                                             2025                2025                2024                2025        2024
                              ($ millions)                                                                                 Sep. 30             Jun. 30             Sep. 30             Jun. 30     Sep. 30
                              Total mortgage banking income
                               Net interest income on securitized loans
                                Interest income                                                                        $        50.2       $        49.6       $        47.3               1.2 %       6.1 %
                                Interest expense                                                                                45.9                47.4                44.0              (3.2)        4.3
                                Net interest income                                                                               4.3                 2.2                 3.3             95.5        30.3
                               Gains (losses) on sales(1)                                                                         1.2                 1.6                   –            (25.0)      N/M
                               Fair value adjustments                                                                             0.3                (1.4)               (4.1)           N/M         N/M
                               Other                                                                                              4.1                 3.3                 6.3             24.2       (34.9)
                                                                                                                       $          9.9      $          5.7      $          5.5             73.7 %      80.0 %
                              Average mortgages serviced
                               Securitizations                                                                         $      4,841        $      4,953        $      4,755               (2.3)%       1.8 %
                               Other                                                                                          2,036               1,891               1,981                7.7         2.8
                                                                                                                       $      6,877        $      6,844        $      6,736                0.5 %       2.1 %
                              Mortgage sales to:     (2)

                               Securitizations                                                                         $         443       $         367       $         524              20.7 %     (15.5)%
                               Other(1)                                                                                          233                 238                   –              (2.1)      N/M
                                                                                                                       $         676       $         605       $         524              11.7 %      29.0 %

                              Nine months ended                                                                                                                      2025                2024
                              ($ millions)                                                                                                                         Sep. 30             Sep. 30     Change
                              Total mortgage banking income
                               Net interest income on securitized loans
                                Interest income                                                                                                                $      148.9        $     134.4        10.8 %
                                Interest expense                                                                                                                      140.4              125.3        12.1
                                Net interest income                                                                                                                      8.5               9.1         (6.6)
                               Gains (losses) on sales(1)                                                                                                                4.0               0.5       N/M
                               Fair value adjustments                                                                                                                   (1.9)             (9.5)       80.0
                               Other                                                                                                                                    10.5              18.9       (44.4)
                                                                                                                                                               $        21.1       $      19.0        11.1 %
                              Average mortgages serviced
                               Securitizations                                                                                                                 $      4,939        $     4,689         5.3 %
                               Other                                                                                                                                  1,905              2,051        (7.1)
                                                                                                                                                               $      6,844        $     6,740         1.5 %
                              Mortgage sales to:     (2)

                               Securitizations                                                                                                                 $      1,101        $     1,178        (6.5)%
                               Other(1)                                                                                                                                 610                 47       N/M
                                                                                                                                                               $      1,711        $     1,225        39.7 %




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                              (1) Represents sales to institutional investors through private placements and to IG Mackenzie Mortgage and Short Term Income Fund, as well as gains (losses) realized
                                  on those sales.
                              (2) Represents principal amounts sold.




                                                                               IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 THIRD QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                                       29
                                    C  26                                                P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
2025, an increase of $6.5 million from $195.1 million in                                 $263.7 million in the second quarter of 2025. The increase
2024. The increase in both periods was primarily due                                     was primarily due to an increase in average AUM of 6.9%,
to higher compensation paid on the distribution of                                       as shown in Table 9, and by one additional calendar day
insurance products.                                                                      in the quarter. The average product and program fee
Operations and support includes costs that support                                       rate was 85.2 basis points of AUM, compared to 85.0
our wealth management and other general and                                              basis points from the second quarter. The increase in rate
administrative functions such as product management,                                     is due to product mix as certain funds and products earn
technology and operations, as well as other functional                                   different rates.
business units and corporate expenses. Operations                                        Other financial planning revenues of $47.1 million in
and support expenses were $122.0 million for the third                                   the third quarter of 2025 increased by $4.1 million
quarter of 2025, compared to $115.1 million in 2024,                                     from $43.0 million in the second quarter due to higher
an increase of $6.9 million. For the nine month period,                                  earnings from the mortgage banking operations.
operations and support expenses were $355.5 million in
                                                                                         Expenses
2025, compared to $343.9 million in 2024, an increase of
$11.6 million or 3.4%.                                                                   Advisory and business development expenses in the
                                                                                         current quarter were $287.1 million, an increase of
Sub-advisory expenses were $55.4 million for the third                                   $3.7 million from $283.4 million in the previous quarter.
quarter of 2025, compared to $49.1 million in 2024, an                                   The increase is primarily due to increased asset-based
increase of $6.3 million or 12.8%. For the nine month                                    compensation as a result of higher AUA.
period, sub-advisory expenses were $158.5 million in
2025, compared to $140.9 million in 2024, an increase of                                 Operations and support expenses were $122.0 million
$17.6 million or 12.5%. The change in both periods was                                   for the third quarter of 2025, compared to $115.9 million
primarily due to changes in AUM.                                                         in the previous quarter as a result of timing of
                                                                                         certain expenses.
Interest Expense
Interest expense, which includes allocated interest                                      Wealth Management Strategic Investments
expense on long-term debt and interest expense on
                                                                                         Wealth Management strategic investment’s adjusted net
leases, totalled $25.9 million in the third quarter of
                                                                                         earnings are presented within Table 13. Adjusted net
2025, compared to $25.8 million in 2024. For the nine
                                                                                         earnings for the third quarter of 2025 were $2.9 million,
month period, interest expense totalled $77.2 million,
                                                                                         compared to ($0.6) million in 2024 and ($0.7) million in the
compared to $77.3 million in 2024. Long-term debt
                                                                                         prior quarter. Adjusted net earnings for the nine months
interest expense is calculated based on an allocation
                                                                                         ended were ($1.9) million, compared to ($9.6) million
of IGM Financial’s long-term debt of $1.95 billion to
                                                                                         in 2024.
IG Wealth Management.
                                                                                         The Company’s share of Rockefeller’s earnings
Q3 2025 vs. Q2 2025                                                                      of ($7.5) million in the nine month period ending
Fee Income                                                                               September 30, 2024 excluded the Company’s
                                                                                         proportionate share of one-time debt refinancing costs
Advisory fee income increased by $21.8 million to
                                                                                         of $3.3 million related to the early repayment of one
$368.1 million in the third quarter of 2025, compared to
                                                                                         of Rockefeller’s financing facilities, which has been
the second quarter of 2025. The increase in advisory fees
                                                                                         reclassified to other items as detailed in Tables 3 to 4.




                                                                                                                                                        PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
in the third quarter was primarily due to an increase in
average AUA of 6.6% for the quarter, as shown in Table 8,
and one additional calendar day in the quarter, partially
offset by a decrease in the advisory fee rate. The average
advisory fee rate for the third quarter was 97.0 basis points
of average AUA, compared to 98.4 basis points in the
second quarter. Fee rates are determined based on client
AUA levels and the average rate will fluctuate based on
changes in a client’s AUA as well as product mix.
Product and program fees were $285.6 million in the
third quarter of 2025, an increase of $21.9 million from


30 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 THIRD QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                       C  27
                              Table 13: Operating Results – Wealth Management Strategic Investments
                                                                                                                                                                                                 Change
                              Three months ended                                                                            2025                2025                2024                2025       2024
                              ($ millions)                                                                                Sep. 30             Jun. 30             Sep. 30             Jun. 30    Sep. 30
                              Revenues
                               Proportionate share of associates’ earnings
                                Rockefeller                                                                           $          2.9      $         (0.7)     $         (0.3)           N/M %       N/M %
                                Other                                                                                            0.3                 0.3                 0.1              –        200.0
                                                                                                                                 3.2                (0.4)               (0.2)           N/M        N/M
                              Expenses
                               Operations and support                                                                            0.2                 0.2                 0.2               –          –
                              Adjusted earnings before income taxes           (1)
                                                                                                                                 3.0                (0.6)               (0.4)           N/M        N/M
                              Income taxes                                                                                       0.1                 0.1                 0.2              –        (50.0)
                              Adjusted net earnings(1)                                                                $          2.9      $         (0.7)     $         (0.6)           N/M %      N/M %

                              Nine months ended                                                                                                                     2025                2024
                              ($ millions)                                                                                                                        Sep. 30             Sep. 30    Change
                              Revenues
                               Proportionate share of associates’ earnings
                                Rockefeller                                                                                                                   $         (2.1)     $      (7.5)     72.0 %
                                Other                                                                                                                                    1.2             (0.2)     N/M
                                                                                                                                                                        (0.9)            (7.7)      88.3
                              Expenses
                               Operations and support                                                                                                                    0.7              0.7         –
                              Adjusted earnings before income taxes           (1)
                                                                                                                                                                        (1.6)            (8.4)      81.0
                              Income taxes                                                                                                                               0.3              1.2      (75.0)
                              Adjusted net earnings(1)                                                                                                        $         (1.9)     $      (9.6)      80.2 %
                              (1) A non-IFRS financial measure – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures section of this document.




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.




                                                                              IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 THIRD QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                                     31
                                    C  28                                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Asset Management
The Asset Management segment includes Mackenzie                                             is based on values for similar sized asset management
Investments and strategic investments in ChinaAMC                                           mandates.
and Northleaf.                                                                           • Proportionate share of associates’ earnings is the
Asset Management revenue reflects:                                                         Company’s proportionate share of earnings from
• Net asset management fees – third party includes                                         the equity investments in ChinaAMC and Northleaf.
  fees received from our investment funds and fees from                                  Assets managed by Mackenzie for IG Wealth
  third parties for investment management services.                                      Management are included in the Asset Management
  Compensation paid to dealers offsets the fees earned.                                  segment’s AUM.
• Asset management fees – Wealth Management                                              Debt and interest expense is allocated to each
  includes fees received from the Wealth Management                                      IGM Financial segment based on management’s
  segment. Wealth Management is considered a client of                                   assessment of: i) capacity to service the debt, and
  the Asset Management segment and transfer pricing                                      ii) where the debt is being serviced. Income taxes
                                                                                         are also reported in each segment.




Review of the Business
Mackenzie Investments is a diversified asset management                                  maintained a position among the market leaders in
solutions provider founded in 1967. We provide                                           China’s asset management industry. ChinaAMC drives
investment management and related services with a                                        for growth through product innovation and offering
wide range of investment mandates through a boutique                                     multi-asset investment solutions and services to a
structure and multiple distribution channels. We are                                     diversified group of retail and institutional clients.
committed to delivering strong investment performance                                    Northleaf is a global private equity, private credit and
for our clients by drawing on more than 50 years of                                      infrastructure fund manager headquartered in Toronto.
investment management experience.                                                        Northleaf seeks to deliver high absolute risk-adjusted
Mackenzie earns asset management fees primarily from:                                    returns from access to value creation outside public
• Management fees earned from its investment funds,                                      markets.
  sub-advised accounts and institutional clients.
• Fees earned from its mutual funds for administrative                                   Mackenzie Investments
  services.                                                                              Strategy
• Redemption fees on deferred sales charge and low                                       Mackenzie’s mission is to create a more invested world,
  load units.                                                                            together.
The largest component of Mackenzie’s revenues                                            Mackenzie’s objective is to become Canada’s preferred




                                                                                                                                                    PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
is management fees. The amount of management                                             global asset management solutions provider and
fees depends on the level and composition of AUM.                                        business partner.
Management fee rates vary depending on the
investment objective and the account type of the                                         Mackenzie’s strategic mandates are: win Canadian retail;
underlying AUM. Equity based mandates have higher                                        build meaningful strategic partnerships; and develop
management fee rates than fixed income mandates and                                      presence in underpenetrated channels with a targeted
retail mutual fund accounts have higher management fee                                   approach. We achieve our strategic mandates with the
rates than exchange traded funds, sub-advised accounts                                   following focus areas:
and institutional accounts.                                                              • Continuously improving distribution with a segmented
                                                                                           approach;
Founded in 1998 as one of the first fund management
companies in China, ChinaAMC has developed and

32   IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 THIRD QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                      C  29
                              • Delivering competitive risk adjusted investment                           sub-advisory services to third-party and related party
                                performance;                                                              investment programs offered by banks, insurance
                              • Advancing brand leadership;                                               companies and other investment companies. Strategic
                              • Creating innovative and relevant products and solutions;                  alliances with related parties include providing
                                                                                                          advisory services to IG Wealth Management and Lifeco
                              • Encouraging a sustainable future;
                                                                                                          subsidiaries. Mackenzie partners with Wealthsimple to
                              • Ensuring operational excellence and efficiency;                           distribute ETFs through their product shelf. Mackenzie
                              • Fostering a high performing, diverse and winning culture.                 also serves as one of two exclusive investment solutions
                              Our focus areas drive future business growth. We aim to                     providers to PFSL Investment Canada Ltd. (Primerica) and
                              achieve this by being committed to the success of our                       offers a suite of 28 funds designed to address the specific
                              clients, attracting and fostering the best minds in the                     needs of Primerica advisors and their clients. Within the
                              investment industry, maintaining a boutique investment                      strategic alliance channel, Mackenzie’s primary distribution
                              approach, having an innovative and future-oriented                          relationship is with the head office of the respective bank,
                              product focus, and being responsible in everything                          insurance company or investment company.
                              we do.                                                                      In the institutional channel, Mackenzie provides
                              Our investment management capabilities are delivered                        investment management services to pension plans,
                              through a boutique structure, with separate in-house                        foundations and other institutions. We attract new
                              teams having distinct focuses and diverse styles. Our                       institutional business through our relationships with
                              research and portfolio management teams are located                         pension and management consultants.
                              in Toronto, Montreal, Winnipeg, Vancouver, Boston,                          Gross sales and redemption activity in strategic alliance
                              Dublin and Hong Kong. In addition, our ownership                            and institutional accounts can be more pronounced
                              interest in Northleaf enhances our investment capabilities                  than in the retail channel, given the relative size and the
                              by offering global private equity, private credit and                       nature of the distribution relationships of these accounts.
                              infrastructure investment solutions to our clients and our                  These accounts are also subject to ongoing reviews
                              ownership interest in ChinaAMC offers our clients access                    and rebalance activities which may result in a significant
                              to Chinese capital markets. We also supplement our                          change in the level of AUM.
                              investment capabilities with strategic partners (third party
                                                                                                          Mackenzie continues to be positioned to build and
                              sub-advisors) in selected areas. The development of a
                                                                                                          enhance our distribution relationships given our team of
                              broad range of investment capabilities and products is a
                                                                                                          experienced investment professionals, strength of our
                              key strength in supporting the evolving financial needs
                                                                                                          distribution network, broad product shelf, competitively
                              of investors.
                                                                                                          priced products and our focus on client experience and
                              Our business focuses on three key distribution channels:                    investment excellence.
                              retail, strategic alliances and institutional.
                              Mackenzie primarily distributes its retail investment                       Investment Management
                              products through third-party financial advisors. Our                        Mackenzie has $239.5 billion in AUM at September 30,
                              sales teams work with many of the more than 30,000                          2025, including $92.8 billion of sub-advisory mandates
                              independent financial advisors and their firms across                       to the Wealth Management segment.
                              Canada. Our innovative, comprehensive lineup of
                                                                                                          We continue to deliver our investment offerings
                              investment solutions covers all asset classes and parts of




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                                                                                          through a boutique structure, with separate in-house
                              the globe. We offer a range of relevant products and
                                                                                                          investment teams which each have a distinct focus and
                              investment solutions designed to help advisors meet the
                                                                                                          investment approach. Our investment team currently
                              evolving needs of their clients. We regularly introduce
                                                                                                          consists of 16 boutiques. This boutique approach
                              new funds and we may merge or streamline our fund
                                                                                                          promotes diversification of styles and ideas and
                              offerings to provide enhanced investment solutions.
                                                                                                          provides Mackenzie with a breadth of capabilities.
                              In addition to our retail distribution team, Mackenzie also                 Oversight is conducted through a common process
                              has specialty teams focused on strategic alliances and the                  intended to promote superior risk-adjusted returns over
                              institutional marketplace.                                                  time. This oversight process focuses on i) identifying
                              Within the strategic alliance channel, Mackenzie                            and encouraging each team’s performance edge,
                              offers certain series of our mutual funds and provides


                                                                   IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 THIRD QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                33
                                   C  30                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
ii) promoting best practices in portfolio construction,                                  Alternative Funds
and iii) emphasizing risk management.                                                    Mackenzie currently has ten alternative funds, including
Mackenzie’s 56% economic interest in Northleaf                                           five products in collaboration with Northleaf Capital
enhances its investment capabilities by offering                                         Partners (Northleaf) as part of its ongoing commitment
global private equity, private credit and infrastructure                                 to expand retail investor access to private market
investment solutions to our clients.                                                     investment solutions.

In addition to our own investment teams, Mackenzie                                       During the third quarter of 2025, the Mackenzie
supplements investment capabilities through the use                                      Northleaf Multi-Asset Private Market Fund was launched.
of third party sub-advisors and strategic beta index                                     Exchange Traded Funds
providers in selected areas. These include Putnam
                                                                                         Exchange Traded Funds (ETF) complement Mackenzie’s
Investments and ChinaAMC. With the offering of the
                                                                                         broad and innovative fund line-up and reflect its
suite of 28 FuturePath Funds for Primerica, the following
                                                                                         investor-focused vision to provide advisors and investors
third party sub-advisors were added: 1832 Asset
                                                                                         with new solutions to drive investor outcomes and
Management, Addenda, Brandywine, Blackrock, and
                                                                                         achieve their personal goals. These ETFs offer investors
T. Rowe Price. Barrow, Hanley, Mewhinney & Strauss
                                                                                         another investment option when building long-term
was also added as a sub-advisor, with the launch of the
                                                                                         diversified portfolios.
Mackenzie Global Value Fund and the Mackenzie US Mid
Cap Value Fund early in the fourth quarter of 2025.                                      During the third quarter of 2025, six ETFs were launched:
Long-term investment performance is a key measure of                                     • Mackenzie Nasdaq 100 Index ETF
Mackenzie’s ongoing success. At September 30, 2025,                                      • Mackenzie GQE US Alpha Extension ETF
49.2% of Mackenzie mutual fund assets were rated in                                      • Mackenzie US High Dividend Yield ETF
the top two performance quartiles for the one year time                                  • Mackenzie Canadian High Dividend Yield ETF
frame, 47.5% for the three year time frame and 48.1%                                     • Mackenzie Defensive Tilt ETF
for the five year time frame. Mackenzie also monitors its
                                                                                         • Mackenzie Cyclical Tilt ETF
fund performance relative to the ratings it receives on its
mutual funds from the Morningstar† fund ranking service.                                 Mackenzie’s current line-up consists of 59 ETFs: 32 active
At September 30, 2025, 79.1% of Mackenzie mutual fund                                    and strategic beta ETFs and 27 traditional index ETFs.
assets measured by Morningstar† had a rating of three                                    ETF AUM ended the quarter at $21.0 billion, inclusive of
stars or better and 44.3% had a rating of four or five stars.                            $11.0 billion in investments from IGM managed products.
This compared to the Morningstar† universe of 87.4%                                      This ranks Mackenzie in eighth place in the Canadian ETF
for three stars or better and 56.1% for four and five star                               industry for AUM.
funds at September 30, 2025.
                                                                                         Asset Management AUM
Products                                                                                 AUM is a key performance indicator for the Asset
Mackenzie continues to evolve its product shelf by                                       Management segment.
providing enhanced investment solutions for financial                                    The changes in total AUM are summarized in Table
advisors to offer their clients.                                                         14 and the changes in investment fund AUM are
Mutual Funds                                                                             summarized in Table 15. Assets managed for the Wealth




                                                                                                                                                      PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
Mackenzie manages its product shelf through new fund                                     Management segment are included in total AUM.
launches and fund mergers to streamline fund offerings                                   Asset Management AUM including strategic investments
for advisors and investors.                                                              were $421.8 billion at September 30, 2025, compared
Early in the fourth quarter of 2025, three mutual funds                                  to $354.7 billion at September 30, 2024. Strategic
were launched:                                                                           investments AUM is based on the Company’s interest in
                                                                                         these companies.
• Mackenzie Global Value Fund
• Mackenzie US Mid Cap Value Fund                                                        At September 30, 2025, Mackenzie’s total AUM were
                                                                                         $239.5 billion, an increase of 12.9% from $212.1 billion
• Mackenzie GQE International Equity Fund
                                                                                         last year. Mackenzie’s total third party AUM were
                                                                                         $146.7 billion, an increase of 14.2% from $128.5 billion


34 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 THIRD QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                       C  31
                              Table 14: Change in Total AUM – Asset Management
                                                                                                                                                                                             Change
                              Three months ended                                                                       2025                2025                2024                2025        2024
                              ($ millions)                                                                           Sep. 30             Jun. 30             Sep. 30             Jun. 30     Sep. 30
                              Mackenzie AUM excluding sub-advisory to
                              Canada Life and the Wealth Management segment
                               Net sales (redemptions)
                                Mutual funds                                                                     $        (219)      $        (366)      $        (569)             40.2 %      61.5 %
                                ETF net creations                                                                          626                 553                 273              13.2       129.3
                                Investment funds(1)(2)                                                                    407                  187                (296)           117.6        N/M
                                Sub-advisory, institutional and other accounts(3)(4)                                    1,552                 (322)               (306)            N/M         N/M
                               Total net sales (redemptions)                                                            1,959                (135)               (602)             N/M         N/M
                               Investment returns                                                                       5,207               2,783               3,734              87.1        39.4
                               Net change in assets                                                                     7,166              2,648               3,132              170.6        128.8
                               Beginning assets                                                                        83,194             80,546              72,766                3.3         14.3
                               Ending assets                                                                     $ 90,360            $    83,194         $    75,898                 8.6 %      19.1 %
                              Mackenzie consolidated AUM
                               Mutual funds                                                                      $     65,766        $    62,488         $    60,951                 5.2 %       7.9 %
                               ETFs                                                                                     9,911              8,683               6,868                14.1        44.3
                                Investment funds(1)(2)                                                                75,677              71,171              67,819                 6.3        11.6
                                Sub-advisory, institutional and other accounts                                        14,683              12,023               8,079                22.1        81.7
                                                                                                                      90,360              83,194              75,898                 8.6        19.1
                                Sub-advisory to Canada Life                                                           56,368              54,031              52,608                 4.3         7.1
                               Third party AUM                                                                       146,728             137,225             128,506                 6.9        14.2
                               Sub-advisory and AUM to Wealth Management(2)                                           92,759              87,352              83,584                 6.2        11.0
                               Consolidated AUM                                                                  $ 239,487           $ 224,577           $ 212,090                   6.6 %      12.9 %
                              Strategic investments ending AUM
                               ChinaAMC                                                                          $ 163,386           $ 150,748           $ 126,324                   8.4 %      29.3 %
                               Northleaf                                                                            19,273              18,361              16,588                   5.0        16.2
                               Intra-segment eliminations                                                             (380)               (309)               (266)                (23.0)      (42.9)
                                                                                                                 $ 182,279           $ 168,800           $ 142,646                   8.0 %      27.8 %
                              Consolidated ending AUM including strategic investments                            $ 421,766           $ 393,377           $ 354,736                   7.2 %      18.9 %
                              Mackenzie average total AUM       (5)

                               Third party AUM                                                                   $ 141,206           $ 132,675           $ 125,705                   6.4 %      12.3 %
                               Consolidated                                                                        230,744             217,923             207,496                   5.9        11.2

                              (1) Investment fund AUM and net sales exclude investments into Mackenzie mutual funds and ETFs by IGM Financial’s investment funds.
                              (2) Mackenzie investment fund products sold through IG Wealth Management are included in Sub-advisory and AUM to Wealth Management.
                              (3) Sub-advisory, institutional and other accounts:
                                  2025 Q3 – Mackenzie onboarded institutional mandates of $1.7 billion.
                                       Q2 – An institutional investor redeemed $320 million within products that Mackenzie sub-advises.
                                       Q1 – Mackenzie onboarded institutional mandates of $3.6 billion.




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                              (4) IG Wealth Management pension plan redemptions from IG Wealth Management mutual funds were re-allocated into a separately managed account managed
                                  by Mackenzie:
                                  2025 Q2 – $24 million
                                  2024 Q1 – $177 million
                              (5) Based on daily average investment fund assets and month-end average sub-advisory, institutional and other assets.




                                                                          IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 THIRD QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                                    35
                                    C  32                                          P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Table 14: Change in Total AUM – Asset Management (continued)
Nine months ended                                                                                                                  2025           2024
($ millions)                                                                                                                     Sep. 30        Sep. 30    Change
Mackenzie AUM excluding sub-advisory to
Canada Life and the Wealth Management segment
 Net sales (redemptions)
  Mutual funds                                                                                                               $    (1,285)   $    (2,001)      35.8 %
  ETF net creations                                                                                                                1,794            766      134.2
  Investment funds(1)(2)(3)                                                                                                         509          (1,235)      N/M
  Sub-advisory, institutional and other accounts(4)(5)                                                                            4,756            (457)      N/M
 Total net sales (redemptions)                                                                                                    5,265          (1,692)      N/M
 Investment returns                                                                                                               8,027           8,308        (3.4)
 Net change in assets                                                                                                            13,292          6,616       100.9
 Beginning assets                                                                                                                77,068         69,282        11.2
 Ending assets                                                                                                               $ 90,360       $   75,898        19.1 %
Mackenzie average total AUM           (6)

 Third party AUM                                                                                                             $ 135,404      $ 123,163          9.9 %
 Consolidated                                                                                                                  222,170        202,961          9.5
(1) Investment fund AUM and net sales exclude investments into Mackenzie mutual funds and ETFs by IGM Financial’s investment funds.
(2) Mackenzie investment fund products sold through IG Wealth Management are included in Sub-advisory and AUM to Wealth Management.
(3) In the first quarter of 2025, an institutional investor which includes Mackenzie mutual funds in its product offerings made fund allocation changes resulting in
    redemptions of $144 million.
(4) Sub-advisory, institutional and other accounts:
    2025 Q3 – Mackenzie onboarded institutional mandates of $1.7 billion.
          Q2 – An institutional investor redeemed $320 million within products that Mackenzie sub-advises.
          Q1 – Mackenzie onboarded institutional mandates of $3.6 billion.
(5) IG Wealth Management pension plan redemptions from IG Wealth Management mutual funds were re-allocated into a separately managed account managed
    by Mackenzie:
    2025 Q2 – $24 million
    2024 Q1 – $177 million
(6) Based on daily average investment fund assets and month-end average sub-advisory, institutional and other assets.




last year. The change in Mackenzie’s AUM is determined                                          Investment fund AUM were $75.7 billion at September 30,
by investment returns and net contributions from                                                2025, compared to $67.8 billion at September 30, 2024,
our clients.                                                                                    an increase of 11.6%. Mackenzie’s mutual fund AUM
At September 30, 2025, ChinaAMC’s AUM was RMB¥                                                  of $65.8 billion increased by 7.9% from $61.0 billion at
3,006.8 billion ($587.7 billion), compared to RMB¥                                              September 30, 2024. Mackenzie’s ETF assets excluding
2,358.2 billion ($454.4 billion) at September 30, 2024, an                                      ETFs held within IGM Financial’s managed products
increase of 27.5% (CAD 29.3%). Mackenzie holds a 27.8%                                          were $9.9 billion at September 30, 2025, an increase
interest in ChinaAMC.                                                                           of 44.3% from $6.9 billion at September 30, 2024. ETF
                                                                                                assets inclusive of IGM Financial’s managed products
At September 30, 2025, Northleaf’s AUM was                                                      were $21.0 billion at September 30, 2025 compared to
$34.4 billion, compared to $29.6 billion at September 30,                                       $14.9 billion at September 30, 2024.




                                                                                                                                                                       PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
2024, an increase of 16.2%. Mackenzie holds a 56%
economic interest in Northleaf.                                                                 In the three months ended September 30, 2025,
                                                                                                Mackenzie’s mutual fund gross sales were $2.3 billion,
Mackenzie Investments AUM                                                                       an increase of 26.5%, compared to $1.8 billion in 2024.
                                                                                                Mutual fund redemptions in the current quarter were
Change in AUM – 2025 vs. 2024
                                                                                                $2.5 billion, an increase of 5.5% from last year. Mutual
Mackenzie’s total AUM at September 30, 2025 of                                                  fund net redemptions for the three months ended
$239.5 billion, a record high, increased 12.9% from                                             September 30, 2025 were $219 million, compared to
$212.1 billion at September 30, 2024. Third party                                               net redemptions of $569 million last year. In the three
AUM were $146.7 billion, an increase of 14.2% from                                              months ended September 30, 2025, ETF net creations
$128.5 billion at September 30, 2024.                                                           were $626 million, compared to $273 million last


36 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 THIRD QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                 C  33
                              Table 15: Change in Investment Fund AUM – Mackenzie Investments(1)
                                                                                                                                                                                                     Change
                              Three months ended                                                                                2025               2025                2024                2025        2024
                              ($ millions)                                                                                    Sep. 30            Jun. 30             Sep. 30             Jun. 30     Sep. 30
                              Sales                                                                                      $      2,293        $      2,104        $      1,812                9.0 %      26.5 %
                              Redemptions                                                                                       2,512               2,470               2,381                1.7         5.5
                              Mutual fund net sales (redemptions)                                                                 (219)               (366)               (569)             40.2        61.5
                              ETF net creations                                                                                    626                 553                 273              13.2       129.3
                              Investment fund net sales (redemptions)(2)(3)                                                       407                 187                (296)             117.6       N/M
                              Investment returns                                                                                4,099               2,225               3,360               84.2       22.0
                              Net change in assets                                                                              4,506              2,412               3,064                86.8        47.1
                              Beginning assets                                                                                 71,171             68,759              64,755                 3.5         9.9
                              Ending assets                                                                              $     75,677        $    71,171         $    67,819                 6.3 %      11.6 %
                              Consists of:
                               Mutual funds                                                                              $     65,766        $    62,488         $    60,951                 5.2 %       7.9 %
                               ETFs                                                                                             9,911              8,683               6,868                14.1        44.3
                               Investment funds(3)                                                                       $     75,677        $    71,171         $    67,819                 6.3 %      11.6 %
                              Daily average investment fund assets                                                       $     73,047        $    68,365         $    66,189                 6.8 %      10.4 %

                              Nine months ended                                                                                                                        2025                2024
                              ($ millions)                                                                                                                           Sep. 30             Sep. 30     Change
                              Sales                                                                                                                              $      7,034        $     6,311        11.5 %
                              Redemptions                                                                                                                               8,319              8,312         0.1
                              Mutual fund net sales (redemptions)                                                                                                      (1,285)            (2,001)       35.8
                              ETF net creations                                                                                                                         1,794                766       134.2
                              Investment fund net sales (redemptions)(2)(3)(4)                                                                                            509             (1,235)      N/M
                              Investment returns                                                                                                                        6,475              7,139        (9.3)
                              Net change in assets                                                                                                                     6,984              5,904         18.3
                              Beginning assets                                                                                                                        68,693             61,915         10.9
                              Ending assets                                                                                                                      $     75,677        $   67,819         11.6 %
                              Daily average investment fund assets                                                                                               $ 70,362            $   64,565          9.0 %
                              (1) Investment fund AUM and net sales excludes investments into Mackenzie mutual funds and ETFs by IGM Financial’s investment funds.
                              (2) Total investment fund net sales and AUM exclude Mackenzie mutual fund investments in ETFs.
                              (3) Mackenzie investment fund products sold through IG Wealth Management are included in Sub-advisory and AUM to Wealth Management.
                              (4) In the first quarter of 2025, an institutional investor which includes Mackenzie mutual funds in its product offerings made fund allocation changes resulting in
                                  redemptions of $144 million.




                              year. Investment fund net sales in the current quarter                                         During the third quarter of 2025, Mackenzie onboarded
                              were $407 million, compared to net redemptions                                                 institutional mandates of $1.7 billion. Excluding these
                              of $296 million last year. During the current quarter,                                         transactions, net sales were $217 million in the three




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                              investment returns resulted in investment fund assets                                          months ended September 30, 2025, compared to net
                              increasing by $4.1 billion compared to an increase of                                          redemptions of $602 million last year.
                              $3.4 billion last year.                                                                        In the nine months ended September 30, 2025,
                              Total net sales excluding sub-advisory to Canada Life                                          Mackenzie’s mutual fund gross sales were $7.0 billion, an
                              and to the Wealth Management segment for the three                                             increase of 11.5% from $6.3 billion in 2024. Mutual fund
                              months ended September 30, 2025 were $2.0 billion,                                             redemptions in the current period were $8.3 billion,
                              compared to net redemptions of $602 million last year.                                         an increase of 0.1% from last year. Mutual fund net
                              During the current quarter, investment returns resulted in                                     redemptions for the nine months ended September 30,
                              assets increasing by $5.2 billion, compared to an increase                                     2025 were $1.3 billion, compared to net redemptions
                              of $3.7 billion last year.                                                                     of $2.0 billion in 2024. In the nine months ended
                                                                                                                             September 30, 2025, ETF net creations were $1.8 billion,

                                                                                 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 THIRD QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                                      37
                                     C  34                                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
compared to $766 million last year. Investment fund net                                  managed by Mackenzie. During the first quarter of 2024,
sales in the current period were $509 million, compared                                  the IG Wealth Management pension plan redeemed
to net redemptions of $1.2 billion last year. During the                                 $177 million from IG Wealth Management mutual funds
current period, investment returns resulted in investment                                that was re-allocated into a separately managed account
fund assets increasing by $6.5 billion, compared to an                                   managed by Mackenzie. Excluding these transactions
increase of $7.1 billion last year.                                                      and the mutual fund allocation change described above,
Redemptions of long-term mutual funds in the three                                       net sales were $401 million in the nine months ended
and nine months ended September 30, 2025, were                                           September 30, 2025, compared to net redemptions of
$2.4 billion and $8.0 billion, respectively, compared                                    $1.9 billion last year.
to $2.3 billion and $8.1 billion last year. Mackenzie’s                                  As at September 30, 2025, Mackenzie’s sub-advisory to
annualized quarterly redemption rate for long-term                                       Canada Life were $56.4 billion, compared to $52.6 billion
mutual funds was 15.3% in the third quarter of 2025,                                     at September 30, 2024.
compared to 15.5% in the third quarter of 2024.                                          As at September 30, 2025, Mackenzie’s sub-advisory
Mackenzie’s twelve month trailing redemption rate for                                    and AUM to the Wealth Management segment
long-term mutual funds was 17.6% at September 30,                                        were $92.8 billion or 67.2% of Wealth Management
2025, compared to 19.1% last year. The corresponding                                     AUM excluding strategic investments, compared to
average twelve month trailing redemption rate for long-                                  $83.6 billion or 69.2% of Wealth Management AUM
term mutual funds for all other members of SIMA was                                      excluding strategic investments at September 30, 2024.
approximately 14.8% at September 30, 2025. Mackenzie’s
twelve month trailing redemption rate is comprised of                                    Change in AUM – Q3 2025 vs. Q2 2025
the weighted average redemption rate for front-end                                       Mackenzie’s total AUM at September 30, 2025 were
load assets, deferred sales charge and low load assets                                   $239.5 billion, an increase of 6.6% from $224.6 billion at
with redemption fees, and deferred sales charge assets                                   June 30, 2025. Third party AUM were $146.7 billion, an
without redemption fees (matured assets). Generally,                                     increase of 6.9% from $137.2 billion at June 30, 2025.
redemption rates for front-end load assets and matured                                   Investment fund AUM were $75.7 billion at
assets are higher than the redemption rates for deferred                                 September 30, 2025, an increase of 6.3% from
sales charge and low load assets with redemption fees.                                   $71.2 billion at June 30, 2025. Mackenzie’s mutual fund
In the first quarter of 2025, an institutional investor which                            AUM were $65.8 billion at September 30, 2025, an
includes Mackenzie mutual funds in its product offerings                                 increase of 5.2% from $62.5 billion at June 30, 2025.
made fund allocation changes resulting in redemptions                                    Mackenzie’s ETF assets were $9.9 billion at September 30,
of $144 million. Excluding this transaction, mutual fund                                 2025, compared to $8.7 billion at June 30, 2025. ETF
redemptions decreased by 1.6% in the nine months                                         assets inclusive of IGM Financial’s managed products
ended September 30, 2025, compared to last year,                                         were $21.0 billion at September 30, 2025, compared to
and mutual fund net redemptions were $1.1 billion,                                       $18.7 billion at June 30, 2025.
compared to net redemptions of $2.0 billion last year.                                   For the quarter ended September 30, 2025, Mackenzie
Total net sales excluding sub-advisory to Canada Life and                                mutual fund gross sales were $2.3 billion, an increase
to the Wealth Management segment for the nine months                                     of 9.0% from the second quarter of 2025. Mutual fund
ended September 30, 2025 were $5.3 billion, compared                                     redemptions were $2.5 billion, an increase of 1.7%
to net redemptions of $1.7 billion in 2024. During the                                   from the second quarter of 2025. Net redemptions




                                                                                                                                                      PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
nine month period, investment returns resulted in assets                                 of Mackenzie mutual funds for the current quarter
increasing by $8.0 billion, compared to an increase                                      were $219 million, compared to net redemptions of
of $8.3 billion last year.                                                               $366 million in the previous quarter.
During the nine months ended September 30,                                               Redemptions of long-term mutual fund assets in the
2025, Mackenzie onboarded institutional mandates                                         current quarter were $2.4 billion, unchanged from
of $5.3 billion, an institutional investor redeemed                                      the second quarter. Mackenzie’s annualized quarterly
$320 million within products that Mackenzie sub-advises                                  redemption rate for long-term mutual funds for the
and the IG Wealth Management pension plan redeemed                                       current quarter was 15.3%, compared to 15.8% in the
$24 million from IG Wealth Management mutual funds                                       second quarter.
that was re-allocated into a separately managed account


38   IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 THIRD QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                        C  35
                              For the quarter ended September 30, 2025, Mackenzie                        As at September 30, 2025, Mackenzie’s sub-advisory
                              ETF net creations were $626 million, compared to                           and AUM to the Wealth Management segment
                              $553 million in the second quarter.                                        were $92.8 billion or 67.2% of Wealth Management
                              Investment fund net sales in the current quarter were                      AUM excluding strategic investments, compared to
                              $407 million, compared to net sales of $187 million in the                 $87.4 billion or 67.4% of Wealth Management AUM
                              second quarter.                                                            excluding strategic investments at June 30, 2025.

                              As at September 30, 2025, Mackenzie’s sub-advisory to
                              Canada Life were $56.4 billion, compared to $54.0 billion
                              at June 30, 2025.




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.




                                                                  IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 THIRD QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                39
                                   C  36                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
 Review of Segment Operating Results
 The Asset Management segment’s adjusted net earnings                                              from the third quarter in 2024 and an increase of 16.5%
 are presented in Table 16 and include the operations                                              from the prior quarter. Adjusted earnings before interest
 of Mackenzie Investments and earnings related to                                                  and taxes for the nine months ended September 30,
 strategic investments.                                                                            2025 were $261.9 million, an increase of 3.2% from 2024.

 Mackenzie Investments                                                                             2025 vs. 2024
                                                                                                   Revenues
 Mackenzie Investments’ adjusted net earnings are
 presented in Table 17. Adjusted net earnings for the third                                        Asset management fees are classified as either Asset
 quarter of 2025 were $68.2 million, an increase of 14.8%                                          management fees – third party or Asset management
 from the third quarter in 2024 and an increase of 18.0%                                           fees – Wealth Management.
 from the prior quarter. Adjusted net earnings for the nine                                        • Net asset management fees – third party is comprised
 months ended September 30, 2025 were $178.6 million,                                                of the following:
 an increase of 3.5% from 2024.                                                                      - Asset management fees – third party consists of
 Adjusted earnings before interest and taxes for the third                                             management and administration fees earned from
 quarter of 2025 were $98.9 million, an increase of 13.2%                                              our investment funds and management fees from




 Table 16: Operating Results – Asset Management
                                                                                                                                                                  Change
 Three months ended                                                                                   2025               2025                2024       2025        2024
 ($ millions)                                                                                       Sep. 30            Jun. 30             Sep. 30    Jun. 30     Sep. 30
 Revenues
  Asset management
   Asset management fees – third party                                                         $      264.0        $      247.8        $     248.9        6.5 %        6.1 %
   Redemption fees                                                                                      0.4                 0.4                0.5          –        (20.0)
                                                                                                      264.4               248.2              249.4        6.5          6.0
  Dealer compensation expenses
   Asset-based compensation                                                                            (84.6)                 (80.9)         (81.8)       4.6          3.4
  Net asset management fees – third party                                                             179.8               167.3              167.6        7.5          7.3
  Asset management fees – Wealth Management                                                            33.8                31.9               31.1        6.0          8.7
  Net asset management                                                                                213.6               199.2              198.7        7.2         7.5
  Net investment income and other                                                                       6.7                 5.0                5.0       34.0        34.0
  Proportionate share of associates’ earnings                                                          47.6                39.0               36.3       22.1        31.1
                                                                                                       267.9              243.2              240.0       10.2        11.6
 Expenses
  Advisory and business development                                                                     22.0                  21.4            19.8        2.8        11.1




                                                                                                                                                                               PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
  Operations and support                                                                                98.3                  96.8            95.7        1.5         2.7
  Sub-advisory                                                                                           1.6                   1.4             1.4       14.3        14.3
                                                                                                      121.9               119.6              116.9        1.9          4.3
 Adjusted earnings before interest and taxes(1)                                                       146.0               123.6              123.1       18.1        18.6
 Interest expense                                                                                       6.5                 6.4                6.6        1.6        (1.5)
 Adjusted earnings before income taxes(1)                                                             139.5               117.2              116.5       19.0        19.7
 Income taxes                                                                                          28.6                23.6               24.5       21.2        16.7
 Adjusted net earnings(1)                                                                             110.9                   93.6            92.0       18.5         20.5
 Non-controlling interest                                                                               0.3                    1.9             0.7      (84.2)       (57.1)
 Adjusted net earnings available to common shareholders(1)                                     $      110.6        $          91.7     $      91.3       20.6 %      21.1 %
 (1) A non-IFRS financial measure – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures section of this document.


40 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 THIRD QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                       C  37
                              Table 16: Operating Results – Asset Management (continued)
                              Nine months ended                                                                                                                     2025                2024
                              ($ millions)                                                                                                                        Sep. 30             Sep. 30    Change
                              Revenues
                               Asset management
                                Asset management fees – third party                                                                                           $      763.9        $     728.6        4.8 %
                                Redemption fees                                                                                                                        1.3                2.0      (35.0)
                                                                                                                                                                     765.2              730.6        4.7
                               Dealer compensation expenses
                                Asset-based compensation                                                                                                            (249.2)            (241.3)       3.3
                               Net asset management fees – third party                                                                                               516.0              489.3        5.5
                               Asset management fees – Wealth Management                                                                                              97.5               89.3        9.2
                               Net asset management                                                                                                                  613.5              578.6        6.0
                               Net investment income and other                                                                                                        13.2               14.7      (10.2)
                               Proportionate share of associates’ earnings                                                                                           125.6              103.9       20.9
                                                                                                                                                                     752.3              697.2        7.9
                              Expenses
                               Advisory and business development                                                                                                      69.6               62.6      11.2
                               Operations and support                                                                                                                292.2              275.0       6.3
                               Sub-advisory                                                                                                                            4.4                4.1       7.3
                                                                                                                                                                     366.2              341.7        7.2
                              Adjusted earnings before interest and taxes(1)                                                                                         386.1              355.5        8.6
                              Interest expense                                                                                                                        19.4               19.6       (1.0)
                              Adjusted earnings before income taxes(1)                                                                                               366.7              335.9        9.2
                              Income taxes                                                                                                                            74.0               69.8        6.0
                              Adjusted net earnings(1)                                                                                                               292.7              266.1      10.0
                              Non-controlling interest                                                                                                                 3.9                3.2      21.9
                              Adjusted net earnings available to common shareholders(1)                                                                       $      288.8        $     262.9        9.9 %

                              (1) A non-IFRS financial measure – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures section of this document.




                                  our third party sub-advisory, institutional and other                                      the first year and decrease to zero after seven years.
                                  accounts. The largest component is management                                              Redemption fees for low load assets range from 2.0%
                                  fees from our investment funds. The amount of                                              to 3.0% in the first year and decrease to zero after two
                                  management fees depends on the level and                                                   or three years, depending on the purchase option.
                                  composition of AUM. Management fee rates vary                                            - Dealer compensation expenses – consists of
                                  depending on the investment objective and the                                              asset-based and sales-based compensation.
                                  account type of the underlying AUM. For example,                                           Asset-based compensation represents trailing
                                  equity-based mandates have higher management                                               commissions paid to dealers on certain classes of retail




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                  fee rates than exchange traded funds, fixed income                                         mutual funds and are calculated as a percentage of
                                  mandates and retail mutual fund accounts have                                              mutual fund AUM. These fees vary depending on
                                  higher management fee rates than sub-advised and                                           the fund type and the purchase option upon which
                                  institutional accounts. The majority of Mackenzie’s                                        the fund was sold: front-end, deferred sales charge
                                  mutual fund assets are retail and sold through third                                       or low load. Sales-based compensation are paid
                                  party financial advisors.                                                                  to dealers on the sale of mutual funds under the
                                - Redemption fees – consists of fees earned from                                             deferred sales charge purchase option and on a low
                                  the redemptions of mutual fund assets sold on a                                            load purchase option. Mackenzie stopped selling
                                  deferred sales charge purchase option and on a low                                         deferred sales charge purchase options and low load
                                  load purchase option. Redemption fees charged                                              purchase options as of June 1, 2022, in accordance
                                  for deferred sales charge assets range from 5.5% in                                        with regulatory changes.


                                                                              IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 THIRD QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                                     41
                                    C  38                                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Table 17: Operating Results – Mackenzie Investments
                                                                                                                                                                     Change
Three months ended                                                                                  2025                2025                2024           2025        2024
($ millions)                                                                                      Sep. 30             Jun. 30             Sep. 30        Jun. 30     Sep. 30
Revenues
 Asset management
  Asset management fees – third party                                                         $      264.0        $      247.8        $     248.9            6.5 %        6.1 %
  Redemption fees                                                                                      0.4                 0.4                0.5              –        (20.0)
                                                                                                     264.4               248.2              249.4            6.5          6.0
 Dealer compensation expenses
  Asset-based compensation                                                                            (84.6)                 (80.9)         (81.8)           4.6          3.4
 Net asset management fees – third party                                                             179.8               167.3              167.6            7.5          7.3
 Asset management fees – Wealth Management                                                            33.8                31.9               31.1            6.0          8.7
 Net asset management                                                                                213.6               199.2              198.7            7.2         7.5
 Net investment income and other                                                                       6.7                 5.0                5.0           34.0        34.0
                                                                                                     220.3               204.2              203.7            7.9          8.1
Expenses
 Advisory and business development                                                                     22.0                  21.4            19.8            2.8        11.1
 Operations and support                                                                                97.8                  96.5            95.1            1.3         2.8
 Sub-advisory                                                                                           1.6                   1.4             1.4           14.3        14.3
                                                                                                     121.4               119.3              116.3            1.8          4.4
Adjusted earnings before interest and taxes(1)                                                         98.9                  84.9            87.4           16.5        13.2
Interest expense                                                                                        6.5                   6.4             6.6            1.6        (1.5)
Adjusted earnings before income taxes(1)                                                               92.4                  78.5            80.8           17.7        14.4
Income taxes                                                                                           24.2                  20.7            21.4           16.9        13.1
Adjusted net earnings(1)                                                                      $        68.2       $          57.8     $      59.4           18.0 %      14.8 %

Nine months ended                                                                                                                           2025           2024
($ millions)                                                                                                                              Sep. 30        Sep. 30     Change
Revenues
 Asset management
  Asset management fees – third party                                                                                                 $     763.9    $     728.6          4.8 %
  Redemption fees                                                                                                                             1.3            2.0        (35.0)
                                                                                                                                            765.2          730.6          4.7
 Dealer compensation expenses
  Asset-based compensation                                                                                                                 (249.2)        (241.3)         3.3
 Net asset management fees – third party                                                                                                    516.0          489.3          5.5
 Asset management fees – Wealth Management                                                                                                   97.5           89.3          9.2
 Net asset management                                                                                                                      613.5           578.6          6.0
 Net investment income and other                                                                                                            13.2            15.5        (14.8)




                                                                                                                                                                                  PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                                                                                                                            626.7          594.1          5.5
Expenses
 Advisory and business development                                                                                                          69.6            62.6        11.2
 Operations and support                                                                                                                    290.8           273.6         6.3
 Sub-advisory                                                                                                                                4.4             4.1         7.3
                                                                                                                                           364.8           340.3          7.2
Adjusted earnings before interest and taxes(1)                                                                                              261.9          253.8          3.2
Interest expense                                                                                                                             19.4           19.6         (1.0)
Adjusted earnings before income taxes(1)                                                                                                   242.5           234.2          3.5
Income taxes                                                                                                                                63.9            61.6          3.7
Adjusted net earnings(1)                                                                                                              $     178.6    $     172.6          3.5 %
(1) A non-IFRS financial measure – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures section of this document.


42 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 THIRD QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                           C  39
                              • Asset management fees – Wealth Management                                  fees was primarily due to an 8.7% increase in average
                                consists of sub-advisory fees earned from the Wealth                       AUM. Mackenzie’s management fee rate was 15.0 basis
                                Management segment.                                                        points for the nine months ended September 30, 2025,
                              Net asset management fees – third party were                                 compared to 14.9 basis points in the comparative period
                              $179.8 million for the three months ended September 30,                      in 2024.
                              2025, an increase of $12.2 million or 7.3% from                              Net investment income and other primarily includes
                              $167.6 million last year. The increase in net asset                          investment returns related to Mackenzie’s investments
                              management fees – third party was primarily due to a                         in proprietary funds. These investments are generally
                              12.3% increase in average AUM, as shown in Table 14,                         made in the process of launching a fund and are sold as
                              partially offset by a decrease in the net asset management                   third party investors subscribe. Net investment income
                              fee rate. Mackenzie’s net asset management fee rate                          and other was $6.7 million for the three months ended
                              was 50.5 basis points for the three months ended                             September 30, 2025 compared to $5.0 million last
                              September 30, 2025, compared to 52.9 basis points in                         year, and was $13.2 million for the nine months ended
                              the comparative period in 2024. The decrease in rate was                     September 30, 2025 compared to $15.5 million last year.
                              driven by a change in the composition of AUM, including
                                                                                                           Expenses
                              the impact of having a greater share in non-retail priced
                              products. Contributing to the increase in non-retail assets                  Mackenzie incurs advisory and business development
                              was the onboarding of $5.3 billion of institutional AUM                      expenses that primarily include wholesale distribution
                              during 2025 and higher AUM through our partnership                           activities and these costs vary directly with assets or
                              with Wealthsimple and Primerica.                                             sales levels. Advisory and business development
                                                                                                           expenses were $22.0 million for the three months ended
                              Net asset management fees – third party were                                 September 30, 2025, an increase of $2.2 million or 11.1%
                              $516.0 million for the nine months ended September 30,                       from $19.8 million in 2024. Expenses for the nine months
                              2025, an increase of $26.7 million or 5.5% from                              ended September 30, 2025 were $69.6 million, an
                              $489.3 million last year. The increase in net asset                          increase of $7.0 million or 11.2% from $62.6 million last
                              management fees – third party was due to a 9.9%                              year. The increase in the three and nine month periods
                              increase in average AUM, as shown in Table 14,                               was primarily attributed to investments in product,
                              partially offset by a decrease in the net management                         marketing and distribution.
                              fee rate. Mackenzie’s net asset management fee rate
                              was 51.0 basis points for the nine months ended                              Operations and support includes costs associated with
                              September 30, 2025, compared to 53.0 basis points in                         business operations, including technology and business
                              the comparative period in 2024. The decrease in rate was                     processes, in-house investment management and product
                              driven by a change in the composition of AUM, including                      shelf management, corporate management and support
                              the impact of having a greater share in non-retail priced                    functions. These expenses primarily reflect compensation,
                              products. Contributing to the increase in non-retail assets                  technology and other service provider expenses.
                              was the onboarding of $5.3 billion of institutional AUM                      Operations and support expenses were $97.8 million for
                              during 2025 and higher AUM through our partnership                           the three months ended September 30, 2025, an increase
                              with Wealthsimple and Primerica.                                             of $2.7 million or 2.8% from $95.1 million in 2024. Expenses
                                                                                                           for the nine months ended September 30, 2025 were
                              Asset management fees – Wealth Management were                               $290.8 million, an increase of $17.2 million or 6.3% from
                              $33.8 million for the three months ended September 30,                       $273.6 million last year.




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                              2025, an increase of $2.7 million or 8.7% from $31.1 million
                              last year. The increase in management fees was primarily                     Sub-advisory expenses were $1.6 million for the three
                              due to a 9.5% increase in average AUM. Mackenzie’s                           months ended September 30, 2025, compared to
                              management fee rate was 15.0 basis points for the                            $1.4 million in 2024. Expenses for the nine months ended
                              three months ended September 30, 2025, compared to                           September 30, 2025 were $4.4 million, compared to
                              15.1 basis points in the comparative period in 2024.                         $4.1 million last year.

                              Asset management fees – Wealth Management were                               Interest Expense
                              $97.5 million for the nine months ended September 30,                        Interest expense, which includes allocated interest
                              2025, an increase of $8.2 million or 9.2% from                               expense on long-term debt and interest expense on
                              $89.3 million last year. The increase in management                          leases, totalled $6.5 million in the third quarter of 2025,


                                                                   IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 THIRD QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                 43
                                   C  40                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
compared to $6.6 million in the comparative period                                       Operations and support expenses were $97.8 million
in 2024. Interest expense for the nine month period                                      for the current quarter, compared to $96.5 million in the
was $19.4 million compared to $19.6 million in 2024.                                     second quarter.
Long-term debt interest expense is calculated based                                      Sub-advisory expenses were $1.6 million for the current
on an allocation of IGM Financial’s long-term debt of                                    quarter, compared to $1.4 million in the second quarter.
$450 million to Mackenzie.

Q3 2025 vs. Q2 2025                                                                      Asset Management Strategic Investments
Revenues                                                                                 Asset Management strategic investment’s adjusted net
                                                                                         earnings are presented within Table 18. Adjusted net
Net asset management fees – third party were
                                                                                         earnings for the third quarter of 2025 were $42.4 million,
$179.8 million for the current quarter, an increase
                                                                                         compared to $31.9 million in 2024 and $33.9 million in the
of $12.5 million or 7.5% from $167.3 million in the
                                                                                         prior quarter. Adjusted net earnings for the nine months
second quarter of 2025. Factors contributing to the net
                                                                                         ended were $110.2 million, compared to $90.3 million
increase were:
                                                                                         in 2024.
• There was one additional calendar day in the third
  quarter of 2025 compared to the second quarter,                                        The proportionate share of associates’ earnings consists
  which resulted in an increase of management fees                                       of equity earnings from ChinaAMC and Northleaf.
  of $2.0 million.                                                                       The Company’s share of ChinaAMC’s earnings were
• Average AUM were $141.2 billion in the current                                         $46.1 million in the third quarter of 2025, compared
  quarter, an increase of 6.4% from the prior quarter.                                   to $32.9 million in the comparable period in 2024, and
• Net asset management fee rate was 50.5 basis points                                    were $106.4 million in the nine month period of 2025,
  for the current quarter compared to 50.6 basis points                                  compared to $88.1 million in 2024.
  in the second quarter.                                                                 The Company’s share of Northleaf’s earnings were
Asset management fees – Wealth Management were                                           $1.5 million in the third quarter of 2025, compared to
$33.8 million, an increase of 6.0% from $31.9 million in                                 $3.4 million in the comparable period in 2024, and were
the second quarter.                                                                      $19.2 million in the nine month period of 2025, compared
                                                                                         to $15.8 million in 2024. This is offset by non-controlling
Net investment income and other was $6.7 million for
                                                                                         interest as reflected in the table.
the current quarter, compared to $5.0 million in the
second quarter.
Expenses
Advisory and business development expenses were
$22.0 million for the current quarter, compared to
$21.4 million in the second quarter.




                                                                                                                                                       PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.




44 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 THIRD QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                      C  41
                              Table 18: Operating Results – Asset Management Strategic Investments
                                                                                                                                                                                                  Change
                              Three months ended                                                                            2025                2025                2024                2025        2024
                              ($ millions)                                                                                Sep. 30             Jun. 30             Sep. 30             Jun. 30     Sep. 30
                              Revenues
                               Net investment income and other                                                        $            –      $            –      $            –               –%          –%
                               Proportionate share of associates’ earnings
                                ChinaAMC                                                                                       46.1                29.7                32.9              55.2        40.1
                                Northleaf                                                                                       1.5                 9.3                 3.4             (83.9)      (55.9)
                                                                                                                                47.6               39.0                36.3              22.1        31.1
                                                                                                                                47.6               39.0                36.3              22.1        31.1
                              Expenses
                               Operations and support                                                                            0.5                 0.3                 0.6             66.7       (16.7)
                              Adjusted earnings before income taxes(1)                                                         47.1                38.7                35.7              21.7        31.9
                              Income taxes                                                                                      4.4                 2.9                 3.1              51.7        41.9
                              Adjusted net earnings(1)                                                                         42.7                35.8                32.6              19.3        31.0
                              Non-controlling interest                                                                          0.3                 1.9                 0.7             (84.2)      (57.1)
                              Adjusted net earnings available to common shareholders(1)                               $        42.4       $        33.9       $        31.9              25.1 %      32.9 %

                              Nine months ended                                                                                                                     2025                2024
                              ($ millions)                                                                                                                        Sep. 30             Sep. 30     Change
                              Revenues
                               Net investment income and other                                                                                                $            –      $      (0.8)      100.0 %
                               Proportionate share of associates’ earnings
                                ChinaAMC                                                                                                                             106.4               88.1        20.8
                                Northleaf                                                                                                                             19.2               15.8        21.5
                                                                                                                                                                     125.6              103.9        20.9
                                                                                                                                                                     125.6              103.1        21.8
                              Expenses
                               Operations and support                                                                                                                    1.4              1.4          –
                              Adjusted earnings before income taxes(1)                                                                                               124.2              101.7        22.1
                              Income taxes                                                                                                                            10.1                8.2        23.2
                              Adjusted net earnings(1)                                                                                                               114.1               93.5        22.0
                              Non-controlling interest                                                                                                                 3.9                3.2        21.9
                              Adjusted net earnings available to common shareholders(1)                                                                       $      110.2        $      90.3        22.0 %
                              (1) A non-IFRS financial measure – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures section of this document.




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.




                                                                              IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 THIRD QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                                      45
                                    C  42                                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Corporate and Other
Review of Segment Operating Results
The Corporate and Other segment includes the                                              Corporate and Other segment adjusted net earnings
Company’s investments in Lifeco and Portage Ventures                                      are presented in Table 20.
LPs (Portage), and unallocated capital.
Adjusted earnings from the Corporate and Other                                            2025 vs. 2024
segment include the Company’s proportionate share of                                      The proportionate share of Lifeco’s base earnings
Lifeco’s base earnings, an alternate measure Lifeco uses                                  was $29.5 million, an increase of $4.2 million in the
to understand the underlying business performance                                         third quarter of 2025 compared to the third quarter
compared to IFRS net earnings. Lifeco’s financial                                         of 2024, and were $81.5 million for the nine month
information can be obtained in its disclosure materials                                   period of 2025, compared to $73.7 million in 2024.
filed on www.sedarplus.ca. Net investment income on                                       The proportionate share of Lifeco’s net earnings was
unallocated capital and consolidation elimination entries                                 $26.4 million in the third quarter of 2025, an increase
are also included in this segment.                                                        of $6.0 million compared to the third quarter of 2024,
                                                                                          and were $68.4 million for the nine month period of
At September 30, 2025, the Company held a 2.4% equity
                                                                                          2025, an increase of $1.6 million compared to last year.
interest in Lifeco. IGM Financial and Lifeco are controlled
                                                                                          These earnings reflect the proportionate share of equity
by Power.
                                                                                          earnings from Lifeco, as discussed in the Consolidated
Portage consists of early-stage investment funds                                          Financial Position section of this MD&A.
dedicated to backing innovating financial services
                                                                                          Net investment income and other was $4.6 million in
companies and are controlled by Power.
                                                                                          the third quarter of 2025, an increase of $0.6 million
In addition to Lifeco and other investments held by the                                   from $4.0 million in 2024. For the nine month period,
Company, the Corporate and Other segment includes                                         net investment income and other was $13.3 million, an
unallocated capital which totalled $697.7 million at                                      increase of $1.4 million from $11.9 million in 2024.
September 30, 2025, compared to $531.3 million at
December 31, 2024, as detailed in Table 19.                                               Q3 2025 vs. Q2 2025
Unallocated capital represents capital not allocated to                                   The proportionate share of Lifeco’s base earnings
any of the operating companies and which would be                                         was $29.5 million in the third quarter of 2025, an
available for investment, debt repayment, distribution                                    increase of $2.0 million from the second quarter of
to shareholders or other corporate purposes. This                                         2025. The proportionate share of Lifeco’s net earnings
capital is invested in highly liquid, high quality financial                              was $26.4 million, an increase of $4.9 million from the
instruments in accordance with the Company’s                                              second quarter of 2025.
Investment Policy.




                                                                                                                                                          PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
Table 19: Total Assets – Corporate and Other
                                                                                                                                      2025        2024
($ millions)                                                                                                                        Sep. 30     Dec. 31
Investments in associate
 Lifeco                                                                                                                         $    663.6 $      633.5
FVTOCI investments
 Portage and other investments                                                                                                        197.4       151.6
Unallocated capital                                                                                                                   697.7       531.3
Total assets                                                                                                                    $ 1,558.7 $ 1,316.4
Lifeco fair value                                                                                                               $ 1,249.8 $ 1,053.9


46 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 THIRD QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                         P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                          C  43
                              Table 20: Operating Results – Corporate and Other
                                                                                                                                                                                                  Change
                              Three months ended                                                                            2025                2025                2024                2025        2024
                              ($ millions)                                                                                Sep. 30             Jun. 30             Sep. 30             Jun. 30     Sep. 30
                              Revenues
                               Wealth Management                                                                      $         (4.0)     $         (3.6)     $         (2.5)           (11.1)%     (60.0)%
                               Asset management                                                                               (27.5)              (26.3)              (27.1)             (4.6)       (1.5)
                               Dealer compensation expense                                                                     (1.6)                (1.4)               (1.0)            14.3        60.0
                               Net asset management                                                                           (29.1)              (27.7)              (28.1)             (5.1)       (3.6)
                               Net investment income and other                                                                  4.6                 4.5                 4.0               2.2        15.0
                               Proportionate share of Lifeco’s base earnings                                                   29.5                27.5                25.3               7.3        16.6
                                                                                                                                 1.0                 0.7                (1.3)            42.9       N/M
                              Expenses
                               Operations and support                                                                           0.6                 0.9                 0.4             (33.3)       50.0
                               Sub-advisory                                                                                   (33.2)              (31.3)              (30.5)              (6.1)      (8.9)
                                                                                                                              (32.6)              (30.4)              (30.1)             (7.2)       (8.3)
                              Adjusted earnings before income taxes           (1)
                                                                                                                               33.6                31.1                28.8               8.0        16.7
                              Income taxes                                                                                      1.2                 0.9                 0.9              33.3        33.3
                              Adjusted net earnings(1)                                                                $        32.4       $        30.2       $        27.9               7.3 %      16.1 %

                              Nine months ended                                                                                                                     2025                2024
                              ($ millions)                                                                                                                        Sep. 30             Sep. 30     Change
                              Revenues
                               Wealth Management                                                                                                              $       (10.9)      $      (6.7)      (62.7)%
                               Asset management                                                                                                                       (80.3)            (78.8)       (1.9)
                               Dealer compensation expense                                                                                                             (4.4)              (2.7)      63.0
                               Net asset management                                                                                                                   (84.7)            (81.5)       (3.9)
                               Net investment income and other                                                                                                         13.3              11.9        11.8
                               Proportionate share of Lifeco’s base earnings                                                                                           81.5              73.7        10.6
                                                                                                                                                                        (0.8)            (2.6)       69.2
                              Expenses
                               Operations and support                                                                                                                   2.3               1.6        43.8
                               Sub-advisory                                                                                                                           (95.7)            (88.1)       (8.6)
                                                                                                                                                                      (93.4)            (86.5)       (8.0)
                              Adjusted earnings before income taxes(1)                                                                                                 92.6              83.9        10.4
                              Income taxes                                                                                                                              3.0               2.6        15.4
                              Adjusted net earnings(1)                                                                                                        $        89.6       $      81.3        10.2 %
                              (1) A non-IFRS financial measure – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures section of this document.




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.




                                                                              IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 THIRD QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                                      47
                                    C  44                                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
IGM Financial Inc.
Consolidated Financial Position
IGM Financial’s total assets were $20.9 billion at                                         At September 30, 2025, the fair value of the Company’s
September 30, 2025, compared to $20.7 billion at                                           investment in Wealthsimple was $2,156 million,
December 31, 2024.                                                                         compared to $1,219 million at December 31, 2024. The
                                                                                           increase in fair value considers a transaction involving
Other Investments                                                                          multiple third parties which closed on October 31,
                                                                                           2025, the increase in public market peer valuations,
The composition of the Company’s securities holdings
                                                                                           as well as Wealthsimple’s business performance and
is detailed in Table 21.
                                                                                           revenue expectations. Fair value is determined by using
                                                                                           observable transactions in the investments’ securities
Fair Value Through Other Comprehensive Income
                                                                                           where available, discounted cash flows, and other
(FVTOCI)
                                                                                           valuation metrics, including revenue multiples used in
Gains and losses on FVTOCI investments are recorded                                        the valuation of comparable public companies.
in Other comprehensive income.
                                                                                           Wealthsimple’s total assets under administration were
Corporate Investments                                                                      $100.8 billion at September 30, 2025, representing an
Corporate investments is primarily comprised of the                                        increase of 57.5% from $64.0 billion at December 31, 2024.
Company’s investments in Wealthsimple and Portage
and are recorded at FVTOCI.                                                                Fair Value Through Profit or Loss (FVTPL)
The total fair value of Corporate investments was                                          Securities classified as FVTPL include equity securities
$2,301.6 million at September 30, 2025, compared to                                        and proprietary investment funds. Gains and losses are
$1,350.4 million at December 31, 2024, and is presented                                    recorded in Net investment income and other in the
net of certain costs incurred within the limited partnership                               Consolidated Statements of Earnings.
structures holding the underlying investments.                                             Certain proprietary investment funds are consolidated
Wealthsimple Financial Corp.                                                               where the Company has made the assessment that it
                                                                                           controls the investment fund. The underlying securities
Wealthsimple is a financial company that provides simple
                                                                                           of these funds are classified as FVTPL.
digital tools for growing and managing client money.
The Company’s investment in Wealthsimple is primarily
held through a limited partnership controlled by Power.                                    Loans
The investment is classified at FVTOCI. IGM Financial                                      The composition of the Company’s loans is detailed
Inc. holds a 26.0% economic interest in Wealthsimple                                       in Table 22.
(December 31, 2024 – 27.2%).
                                                                                           Loans consisted of residential mortgages, which
                                                                                           include HELOCs, and represented 25.4% of total




                                                                                                                                                                      PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
Table 21: Other Investments
                                                                                                                    September 30, 2025          December 31, 2024
                                                                                                                                     Fair                      Fair
($ millions)                                                                                                            Cost       Value          Cost       Value
Fair value through other comprehensive income
 Corporate investments                                                                                          $       296.8   $ 2,301.6   $    289.9   $ 1,350.4
Fair value through profit or loss
 Equity securities                                                                                                        1.8         2.2          1.8         2.0
 Proprietary investment funds                                                                                           128.1       136.4        107.8       116.1
                                                                                                                        129.9       138.6        109.6       118.1
                                                                                                                $       426.7   $ 2,440.2   $    399.5   $ 1,468.5


48 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 THIRD QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                          P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                    C  45
                              Table 22: Loans
                                                                                                                                                                                 2025        2024
                              ($ millions)                                                                                                                                     Sep. 30     Dec. 31
                              Amortized cost                                                                                                                               $   5,285.0 $   5,463.2
                              Allowance for expected credit losses                                                                                                                (0.7)       (0.8)
                                                                                                                                                                               5,284.3     5,462.4
                              Fair value through profit or loss                                                                                                                   27.7           –
                                                                                                                                                                           $   5,312.0 $   5,462.4



                              assets at September 30, 2025, compared to 26.4% at                             of risks and rewards of ownership. As the Company has
                              December 31, 2024.                                                             retained prepayment risk and certain elements of credit risk
                              Loans measured at amortized cost are primarily                                 associated with the Company’s securitization transactions
                              comprised of residential mortgages sold to securitization                      through the CMB and ABCP programs, they are accounted
                              programs sponsored by third parties that in turn issue                         for as secured borrowings. The Company records the
                              securities to investors. An offsetting liability, Obligations                  transactions under these programs as follows: i) the
                              to securitization entities, has been recorded and totalled                     mortgages and related obligations are carried at amortized
                              $4.9 billion at September 30, 2025, compared to                                cost, with interest income and interest expense, utilizing
                              $5.0 billion at December 31, 2024.                                             the effective interest rate method, recorded over the term
                                                                                                             of the mortgages, ii) the component of swaps entered
                              The Company holds loans pending sale or securitization.                        into under the CMB Program whereby the Company
                              Loans measured at FVTPL are residential mortgages                              pays coupons on Canada Mortgage Bonds and receives
                              held temporarily by the Company pending sale. Loans                            investment returns on the reinvestment of repaid mortgage
                              held for securitization are carried at amortized cost.                         principal, are recorded at fair value, and iii) cash reserves
                              Total loans being held pending sale or securitization                          held under the ABCP program are carried at amortized cost.
                              are $451.2 million at September 30, 2025, compared to
                              $405.7 million at December 31, 2024.                                           In the third quarter of 2025, the Company securitized
                                                                                                             loans through its mortgage banking operations with cash
                              Residential mortgages originated by IG Wealth                                  proceeds of $343.1 million, compared to $510.7 million
                              Management are funded primarily through sales to                               in 2024. Additional information related to the Company’s
                              third parties on a fully serviced basis, including Canada                      securitization activities, including the Company’s hedges
                              Mortgage and Housing Corporation (CMHC) or                                     of related reinvestment and interest rate risk, can be
                              Canadian bank sponsored securitization programs. At                            found in the Financial Risk section of this MD&A and in
                              September 30, 2025, IG Wealth Management serviced                              Note 6 to the Interim Financial Statements.
                              $6.9 billion of residential mortgages.
                                                                                                             Investment in Associates
                              Securitization Arrangements
                                                                                                             The Company uses the equity method to account for
                              Through the Company’s mortgage banking operations,                             its investments in associates, which include Great-West
                              residential mortgages are sold to securitization trusts                        Lifeco Inc. (Lifeco), China Asset Management Co.,
                              sponsored by third parties that in turn issue securities to                    Ltd. (ChinaAMC), Rockefeller Capital Management




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                              investors. The Company securitizes residential mortgages                       (Rockefeller), and Northleaf Capital Group Ltd. (Northleaf),
                              through the CMHC sponsored National Housing Act                                as it exercises significant influence. Changes in the
                              Mortgage-Backed Securities (NHA MBS) and the Canada                            carrying values for the three and nine months ended
                              Mortgage Bond (CMB) Program and through Canadian                               September 30, 2025 compared to 2024 are shown in
                              bank-sponsored asset-backed commercial paper (ABCP)                            Table 23.
                              programs. The Company retains servicing responsibilities
                              and certain elements of credit risk and prepayment risk                        Great-West Lifeco Inc.
                              associated with the transferred assets. The Company’s
                                                                                                             At September 30, 2025, the Company held a 2.4% equity
                              credit risk on its securitized mortgages is partially mitigated
                                                                                                             interest in Lifeco. IGM Financial and Lifeco are controlled
                              through the use of insurance. Derecognition of financial
                                                                                                             by Power.
                              assets in accordance with IFRS is based on the transfer


                                                                     IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 THIRD QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                                     49
                                    C  46                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Table 23: Investment in Associates
                                                                                         September 30, 2025                                                            September 30, 2024
($ millions)               Lifeco ChinaAMC Rockefeller               Northleaf             Other        Total        Lifeco ChinaAMC Rockefeller          Northleaf        Other         Total
Three months ended
Carrying value,
July 1                 $   666.5      $ 1,951.9      $    851.0      $    428.9      $      60.3   $ 3,958.6     $   609.4      $ 1,880.8    $   862.2    $   306.3    $    47.7     $ 3,706.4
 Additions                     –                –              –            41.0               –        41.0              –            –            –            –          11.5          11.5
 Dividends                  (13.5)              –              –            (8.7)              –        (22.2)        (12.3)           –            –            –             –         (12.3)
 Proportionate
 share of:
   Earnings
   (losses)(1)(2)           26.4             46.1            2.9             1.5             0.3         77.2          20.4          32.9         (0.3)         3.4          0.1          56.5
   Other
   comprehensive
   income (loss) and
   other adjustments        (15.8)           54.5           17.7               –               –        56.4            1.6          42.9         (9.9)          –             –          34.6
Carrying value,
September 30           $   663.6      $ 2,052.5      $    871.6      $    462.7      $      60.6   $ 4,111.0     $   619.1      $ 1,956.6    $   852.0    $   309.7    $    59.3     $ 3,796.7
Nine months ended
Carrying value,
January 1              $   633.5      $ 2,030.1      $    903.2      $    353.5      $      59.4   $ 3,979.7     $   589.3      $ 1,885.3    $   844.8    $   301.8    $    38.0     $ 3,659.2
 Additions                     –                –              –          102.0                –       102.0              –            –           0.1           –          21.5          21.6
 Dividends                  (40.5)          (66.0)             –            (8.7)              –      (115.2)         (36.9)        (72.9)          –          (7.9)           –        (117.7)
 Proportionate
 share of:
   Earnings
   (losses)(1)(2)           68.4           106.4            (2.1)           19.2             1.2       193.1           66.8          88.1        (10.8)        15.8          (0.2)      159.7
   Other
   comprehensive
   income (loss) and
   other adjustments          2.2           (18.0)         (29.5)            (3.3)             –        (48.6)          (0.1)        56.1         17.9           –             –          73.9
Carrying value,
September 30           $   663.6      $ 2,052.5      $    871.6      $    462.7      $      60.6   $ 4,111.0     $   619.1      $ 1,956.6    $   852.0    $   309.7    $    59.3     $ 3,796.7

(1) The proportionate share of earnings from the Company’s investment in associates is recorded in either the Wealth Management, Asset Management or Corporate
    and Other segment. The proportionate share of Lifeco earnings includes Lifeco other items of ($3.1) million and ($13.1) million for the three and nine month periods
    of 2025, respectively, compared to ($4.9) million and ($6.9) million for the same periods in 2024. The proportionate share of Rockefeller includes Rockefeller debt
    refinancing of ($3.3) million for nine month period of 2024.
(2) The Company’s proportionate share of Northleaf’s earnings, net of non-controlling interest, was $1.2 million and $15.3 million for the three and nine month periods
    of 2025, respectively, compared to $2.7 million and $12.6 million for the same periods in 2024.




China Asset Management Co., Ltd.                                                                      Rockefeller Capital Management
At September 30, 2025, the Company held a 27.8%                                                       At September 30, 2025, the Company held a 20.5%
equity interest in ChinaAMC. The change in Other                                                      equity interest in Rockefeller. The change in Other
comprehensive income of positive $54.5 million in the                                                 comprehensive income of positive $17.7 million in the
three months ended September 30, 2025, was due to                                                     three months ended September 30, 2025, was due
a 2.7% appreciation of the Chinese yuan relative to the                                               to a 2.1% appreciation of the US dollar relative to the
Canadian dollar.                                                                                      Canadian dollar.




                                                                                                                                                                                                  PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
ChinaAMC’s total assets under management, excluding                                                   Rockefeller’s client assets were USD $186.8 billion
subsidiary assets under management, were RMB¥                                                         ($259.9 billion) at September 30, 2025, representing an
3,006.8 billion ($587.7 billion) at September 30, 2025,                                               increase of 23.5% (CAD 19.4%) from USD $151.2 billion
representing an increase of 22.0% (CAD 20.9%) from                                                    ($217.7 billion) at December 31, 2024.
RMB¥ 2,464.5 billion ($486.2 billion) at December 31,                                                 On October 14, 2025, the Company announced its
2024. Investment fund net flows, which exclude                                                        intention to sell a portion of its interest in Rockefeller, with
subsidiary and institutional assets under management,                                                 the transaction expected to close in the fourth quarter
were RMB¥ (94.8) billion and RMB¥ 159.9 billion for the                                               of 2025. The Company will continue to account for its
three and nine month periods ended September 30,                                                      investment in Rockefeller using the equity method.
2025, respectively (net flows obtained from Wind
Information Co., Ltd.).


50 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 THIRD QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                     P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                                C  47
                              Northleaf Capital Group Ltd.                                                     quarter was recorded as an adjustment to the cost of the
                                                                                                               Company’s investment in Northleaf, of which $8.2 million
                              At September 30, 2025, the Company held a 49.9%
                                                                                                               was attributable to Non-controlling interest.
                              voting interest and a 56% economic interest in Northleaf,
                              net of Lifeco’s Non-controlling interest.                                        Northleaf’s assets under management, including invested
                                                                                                               capital and uninvested commitments, were $34.4 billion
                              Mackenzie and Lifeco have an obligation and right to
                                                                                                               as at September 30, 2025, representing an increase of
                              purchase the remaining equity and voting interest in
                                                                                                               $2.4 billion or 7.5% from $32.0 billion at December 31,
                              Northleaf beginning in the fourth quarter of 2025, and
                                                                                                               2024. The increase during the nine month period was
                              extending into future periods.
                                                                                                               driven by $4.3 billion in new commitments, offset in
                              As at September 30, 2025, additional consideration                               part by a decrease of $0.9 billion related to return of
                              payable in the fourth quarter had an estimated fair value                        capital and a decrease of $1.0 billion related to foreign
                              of $142.0 million (December 31, 2024 – $40.0 million).                           exchange on USD denominated assets.
                              The change in fair value of $41.0 million during the




                              Consolidated Liquidity and Capital Resources
                              Liquidity                                                                        Working capital, which includes unallocated capital,
                                                                                                               is utilized to:
                              Cash and cash equivalents totalled $1,042.9 million
                              at September 30, 2025, compared to $910.3 million                                • Finance ongoing operations, including the funding
                              at December 31, 2024 and $640.1 million at                                          of sales commissions.
                              September 30, 2024.                                                              • Temporarily finance mortgages in its mortgage
                                                                                                                  banking operations.
                              Client funds on deposit represents cash balances held
                              by clients within their investment accounts and with the                         • Pay interest related to long-term debt.
                              offset included in Client deposits.                                              • Maintain liquidity requirements for regulated entities.
                                                                                                               • Pay quarterly dividends on its outstanding common shares.
                              Working capital, which consists of current assets less
                              current liabilities, totalled $707.2 million at September 30,                    • Finance common share repurchases and retirement
                              2025, compared to $605.1 million at December 31, 2024                               of long-term debt.
                              and $466.8 million at September 30, 2024 (Table 24).                             • Capital investment in the business and business
                                                                                                                  acquisitions.



                              Table 24: Working Capital
                                                                                                                                                               2025                2024          2024
                              ($ millions)                                                                                                                   Sep. 30             Dec. 31       Sep. 30
                              Current assets




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                               Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                $ 1,042.9            $     910.3   $     640.1
                               Client funds on deposit                                                                                                    2,722.2                3,723.7       2,722.0
                               Accounts receivable and other assets                                                                                         488.9                  364.7         421.9
                               Current portion of securitized mortgages and other                                                                         1,424.0                1,307.1       1,151.5
                                                                                                                                                             5,678.0             6,305.8       4,935.5
                              Current liabilities
                               Accounts and other payables                                                                                                     871.9               797.1         708.0
                               Client deposits                                                                                                               2,701.8             3,702.5       2,725.9
                               Current portion of obligations to securitization entities and other                                                           1,397.1             1,201.1       1,034.8
                                                                                                                                                             4,970.8             5,700.7       4,468.7
                              Working capital                                                                                                           $       707.2        $     605.1   $     466.8


                                                                       IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 THIRD QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                                       51
                                    C  48                                      P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
IGM Financial continues to generate significant cash                                      Financial Statements for the three and nine month periods
flows from its operations. Earnings before interest, taxes,                               ended September 30, 2025. Cash and cash equivalents
depreciation and amortization before sales commissions                                    increased by $212.2 million in the third quarter of 2025,
(EBITDA before sales commissions), a non-IFRS measure                                     compared to an increase of $185.9 million in 2024. For the
(see Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial                                      nine months ended September 30, 2025, cash and cash
Measures), totalled $474.5 million for the third quarter of                               equivalents increased by $132.6 million, compared to an
2025, compared to $398.1 million for the third quarter of                                 increase of $95.5 million in 2024.
2024 and $410.9 million for the second quarter of 2025.                                   Adjustments to determine net cash from operating
For the nine months ended September 30, 2025, EBITDA                                      activities during the three and nine month periods of
before sales commissions totalled $1,279.0 million,                                       2025 compared to 2024 consist of non-cash operating
compared to $1,138.0 million for the comparative period                                   activities offset by cash operating activities:
of 2024. EBITDA before sales commissions excludes
                                                                                          • Add-back of amortization of capitalized sales
the impact of both commissions paid and commission
                                                                                            commissions offset by the deduction of capitalized
amortization (Table 1).
                                                                                            sales commissions paid.
Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and                                         • Add-back of amortization of capital, intangible and
amortization after sales commissions (EBITDA after                                          other assets.
sales commissions), a non-IFRS measure (see Non-IFRS
                                                                                          • Deduction of investment in associates’ equity earnings
Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures),
                                                                                            offset by dividends received.
totalled $443.7 million in the third quarter of 2025,
                                                                                          • Add-back of pension and other post-employment
compared to $368.1 million in the third quarter of 2024
                                                                                            benefits offset by cash contributions.
and $383.5 million in the second quarter of 2025. For the
nine months ended September 30, 2025, EBITDA after                                        • Changes in operating assets and liabilities and other.
sales commissions totalled $1,186.6 million, compared                                     • Deduction of restructuring provision cash payments.
to $1,042.7 million for the comparative period of 2024.                                   Financing activities during the third quarter of 2025
EBITDA after sales commissions excludes the impact of                                     compared to 2024 related to:
commission amortization (Table 1).
                                                                                          • An increase in obligations to securitization entities
Refer to the Financial Risk section of this MD&A for                                        of $435.3 million and repayments of obligations
information related to other sources of liquidity and to                                    to securitization entities of $462.1 million in 2025,
the Company’s exposure to and management of liquidity                                       compared to an increase in obligations to securitization
and funding risk.                                                                           entities of $519.6 million and repayments of obligations
                                                                                            to securitization entities of $316.7 million in 2024.
Cash Flows                                                                                • The issuance of 1,574,445 common shares with
Table 25 – Cash Flows is a summary of the Consolidated                                      proceeds of $59.5 million in 2025, compared to
Statements of Cash Flows which forms part of the Interim                                    554,092 common shares of $20.2 million in 2024.


Table 25: Cash Flows
                                                                   Three months ended September 30                       Nine months ended September 30




                                                                                                                                                                PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
($ millions)                                                           2025                2024           Change             2025         2024     Change
Operating activities
 Earnings before income taxes                                  $      385.4        $      311.1                23.9 %   $ 1,010.6    $    883.7        14.4 %
 Income taxes paid                                                    (68.2)              (30.7)             (122.1)       (236.6)       (142.9)      (65.6)
 Adjustments to determine net cash from
 operating activities                                                   10.5                51.5              (79.6)        (90.6)         43.9       N/M
                                                                      327.7               331.9                 (1.3)       683.4         784.7       (12.9)
Financing activities                                                 (155.9)               57.5                N/M         (608.7)       (322.5)      (88.7)
Investing activities                                                   40.4              (203.5)               N/M           57.9        (366.7)      N/M
Change in cash and cash equivalents                                   212.2               185.9                14.1         132.6         95.5        38.8
Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period                        830.7               454.2                82.9         910.3        544.6        67.2
Cash and cash equivalents, end of period                       $ 1,042.9           $      640.1                62.9 %   $ 1,042.9    $   640.1        62.9 %


52    IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 THIRD QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


                         P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                               C  49
                              • The purchase of 1,061,300 common shares in 2025                              2024 primarily related to residential mortgages in the
                                under IGM Financial’s normal course issuer bid at a                          Company’s mortgage banking operations.
                                cost of $50.6 million, compared to purchase of 694,400                    • Net cash used in additions to intangible assets
                                common shares at a cost of $26.7 million in 2024.                           and other was $16.8 million in 2025, compared to
                              • The payment of regular common share dividends                               $16.2 million in 2024.
                                which totalled $132.8 million in 2025, compared to                        Investing activities during the nine months ended
                                $133.2 million in 2024.                                                   September 30, 2025 compared to 2024 related to:
                              Financing activities during the nine months ended                           • The purchases of other investments totalling
                              September 30, 2025 compared to 2024 related to:                               $109.4 million and sales of other investments with
                              • An increase in obligations to securitization entities                       proceeds of $95.3 million in 2025, compared to
                                of $1,082.0 million and repayments of obligations                           $86.6 million and $64.3 million, respectively, in 2024.
                                to securitization entities of $1,200.0 million in 2025,                     The sale of other investments in 2025 included
                                compared to an increase in obligations to securitization                    proceeds from the 75% sale of Conquest Planning Inc.
                                entities of $1,163.9 million and repayments of obligations                  of $24.8 million ($21.9 million net of tax) based on an
                                to securitization entities of $1,011.1 million in 2024.                     initial investment of $3.0 million.
                              • The issuance of 2,309,500 common shares with                              • An increase in loans of $1,480.2 million with repayments
                                proceeds of $88.2 million in 2025, compared to                              of loans and other of $1,631.0 million in 2025, compared
                                571,168 common shares $20.8 million in 2024.                                to $1,128.9 million and $862.6 million, respectively, in
                                                                                                            2024 primarily related to residential mortgages in the
                              • The purchase of 3,620,400 common shares in 2025
                                                                                                            Company’s mortgage banking operations.
                                under IGM Financial’s normal course issuer bid at a cost
                                                                                                          • Net cash used in additions to intangible assets was
                                of $164.3 million, compared to purchase of 2,073,400
                                                                                                            $49.9 million in 2025, compared to $62.8 million in 2024.
                                common shares at a cost of $75.8 million in 2024.
                              • The payment of regular common share dividends
                                                                                                          Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income
                                which totalled $399.8 million in 2025, compared to
                                $400.9 million in 2024.                                                   Accumulated other comprehensive income totalled
                                                                                                          $1.8 billion at September 30, 2025, compared to
                              Investing activities during the third quarter of 2025
                                                                                                          $1.0 billion at September 30, 2024, as detailed in Table 26.
                              compared to 2024 primarily related to:
                              • The purchases of other investments totalling                              Other comprehensive income of $836.8 million related to
                                $40.8 million and sales of other investments with                         Other investments in 2025 is primarily due to a change in
                                proceeds of $38.3 million in 2025, compared to                            fair value of Wealthsimple of 77%.
                                $25.6 million and $20.0 million, respectively, in 2024.                   The Company’s registered defined benefit pension plan
                              • An increase in loans of $566.9 million with repayments                    has reached the asset ceiling as defined by International
                                of loans and other of $635.7 million in 2025, compared                    Accounting Standards. During the third quarter, the
                                to $456.2 million and $281.4 million, respectively, in                    increase in the pension plan net assets due to market


                              Table 26: Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
                                                                                                                                                                   Investment




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                                                                                                                                                            in
                                                                                                                          Employee        Other                     Associates
                              ($ millions)                                                                                 Benefits Investments                     and Other             Total
                              2025
                              Balance, January 1                                                                            $      34.1          $     917.3            $   118.7     $ 1,070.1
                               Other comprehensive income (loss)                                                                    (8.9)              836.8                 (29.9)       798.0
                               Transfer out of FVTOCI                                                                                  –               (18.9)                    –        (18.9)
                              Balance, September 30                                                                         $      25.2          $ 1,735.2              $    88.8     $ 1,849.2
                              2024
                              Balance, January 1                                                                            $     (14.0)         $     394.0            $   (63.7)    $   316.3
                               Other comprehensive income (loss)                                                                   37.7                519.4                 81.2         638.3
                              Balance, September 30                                                                         $      23.7          $     913.4            $    17.5     $   954.6


                                                                   IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 THIRD QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                                    53
                                    C  50                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
conditions was offset by an after-tax actuarial loss of                                  common shares. The program will be used to mitigate
$26.4 million related to the asset ceiling.                                              the dilutive effect of stock options issued under the
In 2025, IGM Financial disposed of 75% of its investment                                 Company’s stock option plan and for other capital
in Conquest Planning Inc. for $24.8 million and realized                                 management purposes. The Company’s previous NCIB
gains in Other investments of $21.8 million ($18.9 million                               expired on December 20, 2024 where the Company was
after-tax) which were transferred from Accumulated                                       authorized to purchase for cancellation up to 3 million of
other comprehensive income to Other retained earnings.                                   its common shares.

Other comprehensive income for Investment in associates in                               In connection with its NCIB, the Company has established
2025 was primarily related to foreign exchange translation.                              an automatic securities purchase plan (ASPP) for its
                                                                                         common shares. The ASPP provides standard instructions
                                                                                         regarding how IGM Financial’s common shares are to be
Capital Resources                                                                        purchased under the NCIB during certain pre-determined
The Company’s capital management objective is to                                         trading blackout periods, subject to pre-established
maximize shareholder returns while ensuring that the                                     parameters. Outside of these pre-determined trading
Company is capitalized in a manner which appropriately                                   blackout periods, purchases under the Company’s NCIB
supports regulatory capital requirements, working capital                                will be completed based upon management’s discretion.
needs and business expansion. The Company’s capital
                                                                                         Other activities in 2025 included the declaration of
management practices are focused on preserving the
                                                                                         common share dividends of $399.1 million or $1.6875 per
quality of its financial position by maintaining a solid
                                                                                         share. Changes in common share capital are reflected in
capital base and a strong balance sheet. Capital of the
                                                                                         the Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity.
Company consists of long-term debt and shareholders’
equity which totalled $11.3 billion at September 30,                                     Standard & Poor’s (S&P) current rating on the Company’s
2025, compared to $10.2 billion at December 31, 2024.                                    senior unsecured debentures is “A” with a stable outlook.
The Company regularly assesses its capital management                                    Morningstar DBRS current rating on the Company’s
practices in response to changing economic conditions.                                   senior unsecured debentures is “A (High)” with a stable
                                                                                         rating trend.
The Company’s capital is primarily utilized in its
ongoing business operations to support working                                           Credit ratings are intended to provide investors with
capital requirements, long-term investments made by                                      an independent measure of the credit quality of the
the Company, business expansion and other strategic                                      securities of a company and are indicators of the
objectives. Subsidiaries subject to regulatory capital                                   likelihood of payment and the capacity of a company to
requirements include investment dealers, mutual fund                                     meet its obligations in accordance with the terms of each
dealers, exempt market dealers, portfolio managers,                                      obligation. Descriptions of the rating categories for each
investment fund managers and a trust company. These                                      of the agencies set forth below have been obtained
subsidiaries are required to maintain minimum levels                                     from the respective rating agencies’ websites.
of capital based on either working capital, liquidity or                                 These ratings are not a recommendation to buy, sell or
shareholders’ equity. The Company’s subsidiaries have                                    hold the securities of the Company and do not address
complied with all regulatory capital requirements.                                       market price or other factors that might determine
The total outstanding long-term debt was $2.4 billion at                                 suitability of a specific security for a particular investor.
September 30, 2025, unchanged from December 31,                                          The ratings also may not reflect the potential impact of all




                                                                                                                                                         PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
2024. Long-term debt is comprised of debentures which                                    risks on the value of securities and are subject to revision
are senior unsecured debt obligations of the Company                                     or withdrawal at any time by the rating organization.
subject to standard covenants, including negative                                        The A rating assigned to IGM Financial’s senior unsecured
pledges, but which do not include any specified financial                                debentures by S&P is the sixth highest of the 22 ratings
or operational covenants.                                                                used for long-term debt. This rating indicates S&P’s
The Company purchased 3,620,400 common shares                                            view that the Company’s capacity to meet its financial
during the nine months ended September 30, 2025 at a                                     commitment on the obligation is strong, but the
cost of $164.3 million under its Normal Course Issuer Bid                                obligation is somewhat more susceptible to the adverse
(NCIB) (refer to Note 9 to the Interim Financial Statements).                            effects of changes in circumstances and economic
                                                                                         conditions than obligations in higher rated categories.
The Company commenced an NCIB on December 23,
2024 to purchase for cancellation up to 5 million of its

54 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 THIRD QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                        C  51
                              The A (High) rating assigned to IGM Financial’s senior                             • Loans classified as held for trading are valued using
                              unsecured debentures by Morningstar DBRS is the fifth                                market interest rates for loans with similar credit risk
                              highest of the 22 ratings used for long-term debt. Under                             and maturity, specifically lending rates offered to retail
                              the Morningstar DBRS long-term rating scale, debt securities                         borrowers by financial institutions.
                              rated A (High) are of good credit quality and the capacity                         • Loans classified as amortized cost are valued by
                              for the payment of financial obligations is substantial, but                         discounting the expected future cash flows at
                              of lesser credit quality than AA. Entities in the A (High)                           prevailing market yields.
                              category may be vulnerable to future events, but qualifying                        • Valuation methods used for Other investments
                              negative factors are considered manageable.                                          classified as FVTOCI include comparison to market
                                                                                                                   transactions with arm’s length third parties, use of
                              Financial Instruments                                                                market multiples, and discounted cash flow analysis.
                              Table 27 presents the carrying amounts and fair values of                          • Obligations to securitization entities are valued
                              financial assets and financial liabilities. The table excludes                       by discounting the expected future cash flows at
                              fair value information for financial assets and financial                            prevailing market yields for securities issued by
                              liabilities not measured at fair value if the carrying                               these securitization entities having similar terms and
                              amount is a reasonable approximation of fair value. These                            characteristics.
                              items include cash and cash equivalents, client funds on                           • Long-term debt is valued using quoted prices for each
                              deposit, accounts and other receivables, certain other                               debenture available in the market.
                              financial assets, accounts payable and accrued liabilities,                        • Derivative financial instruments are valued based on
                              client deposits, and certain other financial liabilities.                            quoted market prices, where available, prevailing
                              Fair value is determined using the following methods                                 market rates for instruments with similar characteristics
                              and assumptions:                                                                     and maturities, or discounted cash flow analysis.
                              • Other investments and other financial assets and                                 See Note 14 of the Interim Financial Statements which
                                financial liabilities are valued using quoted prices from                        provides additional discussion on the determination of
                                active markets, when available. When a quoted market                             fair value of financial instruments.
                                price is not readily available, valuation techniques
                                                                                                                 Although there were changes to both the carrying values
                                are used that require assumptions related to discount
                                                                                                                 and fair values of financial instruments, these changes did
                                rates and the timing and amount of future cash flows.
                                                                                                                 not have a material impact on the financial condition of the
                                Wherever possible, observable market inputs are used
                                                                                                                 Company for the nine months ended September 30, 2025.
                                in the valuation techniques.


                              Table 27: Financial Instruments
                                                                                                                                    September 30, 2025                            December 31, 2024
                                                                                                                                Carrying                    Fair               Carrying         Fair
                              ($ millions)                                                                                         Value                  Value                   Value       Value
                              Financial assets recorded at fair value
                               Other investments
                                 – FVTOCI                                                                                      $ 2,301.6             $ 2,301.6                 $ 1,350.4   $ 1,350.4




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                 – FVTPL                                                                                           138.6                 138.6                     118.1       118.1
                               Loans
                                 – FVTPL                                                                                              27.7                  27.7                      –           –
                               Derivative financial instruments                                                                       44.5                  44.5                   36.0        36.0
                              Financial assets recorded at amortized cost
                               Loans
                                – Amortized cost                                                                                  5,284.3              5,408.1                  5,462.4     5,491.9
                              Financial liabilities recorded at fair value
                               Derivative financial instruments                                                                        18.6                 18.6                   25.7        25.7
                              Financial liabilities recorded at amortized cost
                               Obligations to securitization entities                                                             4,912.7               5,057.4                 5,024.9     5,098.4
                               Long-term debt                                                                                     2,400.0               2,487.3                 2,400.0     2,485.4


                                                                       IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 THIRD QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                                     55
                                    C  52                                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Risk Management
IGM Financial is exposed to a variety of risks that are                                  • The Human Resource Committee oversees human
inherent in our business activities. Our ability to manage                                 resources and talent practices and policies including
these risks is key to our ongoing success. The Company                                     compensation.
emphasizes a strong risk management culture and                                          • The Governance and Nominating Committee oversees
the implementation of an effective risk management                                         corporate governance practices.
approach. Our approach coordinates risk management                                       • The Related Party and Conduct Review Committee
across the organization and its business units and seeks                                   oversees conflicts of interest.
to ensure prudent and measured risk-taking in order
to achieve an appropriate balance between risk and                                       Management oversight for risk management resides
return. Fundamental to our enterprise risk management                                    with the Executive Risk Management Committee which
program is protecting and enhancing our reputation.                                      is comprised of the Chief Executive Officers of IGM
                                                                                         Financial, IG Wealth Management and Mackenzie
                                                                                         Investments, the Chief Financial Officer, the General
Risk Management Framework
                                                                                         Counsel, the Chief Operating Officer, the Chief
The Company’s risk management approach is                                                Information Officer, the Chief Human Resources Officer,
undertaken through our comprehensive Risk                                                and the Chief Risk Officer, who reports to the Chief
Management Framework which is composed of four                                           Executive Officer of IGM Financial. The committee
core elements: risk governance, risk appetite, a defined                                 is responsible for oversight of IGM Financial’s risk
risk management process, and risk management culture.                                    management process by: i) establishing and maintaining
The Risk Management Framework is approved by the                                         the risk framework and policies; ii) defining the risk
Board of Directors.                                                                      appetite; iii) ensuring our risk profile and processes are
                                                                                         aligned with corporate strategy and risk appetite; and
Risk Governance                                                                          iv) establishing “tone at the top” and reinforcing a strong
Our risk governance structure emphasizes ownership of                                    culture of risk management.
risk management in each business unit and oversight by                                   The Chief Executive Officers of the operating
an Executive Risk Management Committee accountable                                       companies have overall responsibility for overseeing risk
to the Risk Committee of the Board (Risk Committee) and                                  management of their respective companies.
ultimately to the Board of Directors. Additional oversight
                                                                                         The Company has assigned responsibility for risk
is provided by the Risk, Compliance and Internal
                                                                                         management using the Three Lines of Defence model,
Audit functions.
                                                                                         with the First Line reflecting the business units having
The Risk Committee provides primary oversight and                                        primary responsibility for risk management, supported
carries out its risk management mandate. The Risk                                        by Second Line risk management functions and a Third
Committee is responsible for assisting the Board in                                      Line (the Internal Audit function) providing assurance
reviewing and overseeing the risk governance structure                                   and validation of the design and effectiveness of the Risk
and risk management program of the Company by:                                           Management Framework.
i) ensuring that appropriate procedures are in place to
identify and manage risks and establish risk appetite,                                   First Line of Defence
ii) ensuring that appropriate policies, procedures                                       The leaders of the various business units and support




                                                                                                                                                          PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
and controls are implemented to manage risks, and                                        functions have primary ownership and accountability
iii) reviewing the risk management process on a regular                                  for the ongoing risk management associated with their
basis to ensure that it is functioning effectively.                                      respective activities. Responsibilities of business unit
                                                                                         and support function leaders include: i) executing and
Other specific risks are managed with the support of the
                                                                                         maintaining procedures for the identification, assessment,
following Board committees:
                                                                                         documentation and escalation of risks, ii) implementing
• The Audit Committee has specific risk oversight                                        control activities to mitigate risks, iii) identifying
  responsibilities in relation to financial disclosure,                                  opportunities for risk reduction or transfer, and iv) aligning
  internal controls and the control environment as well                                  business and operational strategies with the risk culture
  as our compliance activities, including administration                                 and risk appetite of the organization as established by the
  of the Code of Conduct.                                                                Executive Risk Management Committee.


56 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 THIRD QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                         C  53
                              Second Line of Defence                                                       Risk Management Process
                              The Risk function, overseen by the Chief Risk Officer,                       The Company’s risk management process is designed
                              provides oversight, analysis and reporting to the                            to foster:
                              Executive Risk Management Committee on the level
                                                                                                           • Ongoing assessment of risks and tolerance in a
                              of risks relative to the established risk appetite for all
                                                                                                             changing operating environment.
                              activities of the Company. Other responsibilities include:
                                                                                                           • Appropriate identification and understanding of
                              i) developing and maintaining the risk management
                                                                                                             existing and emerging risks and risk response.
                              program and framework, ii) managing the risk
                              management process, and iii) providing guidance and                          • Timely monitoring and escalation of risks based upon
                              training to business unit and support function leaders.                        changing circumstances.

                              The Company has a number of committees of senior                             Significant risks that may adversely affect the Company’s
                              business leaders which provide oversight of specific                         ability to achieve its strategic and business objectives
                              business risks, including the Financial Risk Management                      are identified through the Company’s ongoing risk
                              and Operational Risk Management committees. These                            management process.
                              committees perform critical reviews of risk assessments,                     We use a consistent methodology across our
                              risk management practices and risk response plans                            organizations and business units for identification and
                              developed by business units and support functions.                           assessment of risks. Risks are assessed by evaluating the
                              Other oversight accountabilities reside with the                             impact and likelihood of the potential risk event after
                              Company’s Legal and Compliance functions which are                           consideration of controls and any risk transfer activities.
                              responsible for ensuring compliance with policies, laws                      The results of these assessments are considered relative
                              and regulations.                                                             to risk appetite and may result in action plans to adjust
                                                                                                           the risk profile.
                              Third Line of Defence
                                                                                                           Risk assessments are monitored and reviewed on an
                              The Internal Audit function is the third line of defence
                                                                                                           ongoing basis by business units and by oversight areas
                              and provides independent assurance to senior
                                                                                                           including the Risk function. The Risk function promotes
                              management and the Board of Directors on the
                                                                                                           and coordinates communication and consultation to
                              effectiveness of the Company’s risk management
                                                                                                           support effective risk management and escalation.
                              policies, processes and practices.
                                                                                                           The Risk function regularly reports on the results of
                                                                                                           risk assessments and on the assessment process to the
                              Risk Appetite
                                                                                                           Executive Risk Management Committee and to the
                              The Company’s appetite for different types of risk is                        Risk Committee.
                              established through the Risk Appetite Framework which
                              is approved by the Board of Directors. Under the Risk                        Risk Management Culture
                              Appetite Framework, one of four appetite levels is
                                                                                                           Risk management is everyone’s responsibility within the
                              established for each risk type and business activity of
                                                                                                           organization. The Risk function engages all business units
                              the Company. These appetite levels range from those
                                                                                                           in risk workshops to foster awareness and to incorporate
                              where the Company has no appetite for risk and seeks to
                                                                                                           our risk framework into business activities.
                              minimize any losses, to those where the Company readily
                              accepts exposure while seeking to ensure that risks are                      We have an established business planning process




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                              well understood and managed. These appetite levels                           which reinforces our risk management culture. Our
                              guide our business units as they engage in business                          compensation programs are typically objectives-based,
                              activities, and inform them in establishing policies, limits,                do not encourage or reward excessive or inappropriate
                              controls and risk transfer activities.                                       risk taking, and often are aligned specifically with risk
                                                                                                           management objectives.
                              The Risk Appetite Framework facilitates the alignment
                              of business strategy with risk appetite, supports capital                    Our risk management program emphasizes integrity,
                              deployment assessments, and supports the identification,                     ethical practices, responsible management and
                              mitigation, and management of risks.                                         measured risk-taking with a long-term view. Our
                                                                                                           standards of integrity and ethics are reflected within our
                                                                                                           Code of Conduct which applies to directors, officers
                                                                                                           and employees.


                                                                   IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 THIRD QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                 57
                                   C  54                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Key Risks of the Business                                                                investor confidence could also lead to lower sales, higher
                                                                                         redemption levels and lower AUM&A.
Significant risks that may adversely affect our ability to
achieve strategic and business objectives are identified                                 The Company believes that exposure to investment
through our ongoing risk management process.                                             returns on its client portfolios is beneficial over the long
                                                                                         term to financial results and consistent with stakeholder
Risks are identified based on our established
                                                                                         expectations, and therefore does not typically engage
methodology, considering factors both internal and
                                                                                         in risk transfer activities such as hedging in relation to
external to the organization. These risks are broadly
                                                                                         these exposures.
grouped into three categories: financial, operational,
and strategic and business.                                                              The Company’s exposure to market risk aligns with the
                                                                                         experience of its clients. AUM are broadly diversified
1) Financial Risk                                                                        by asset class, geographic region, industry sector,
                                                                                         investment team and style. The Company regularly
This is the risk of financial loss related to AUM&A, liquidity                           reviews the sensitivity of its AUM, revenues, earnings
and funding risk, credit risk, or market risk.                                           and cash flow to changes in financial markets.

Risks Related to AUM&A                                                                   Domestic and foreign equity securities are exposed
                                                                                         to equity price risk which may negatively impact
At September 30, 2025, IGM Financial’s AUM&A
                                                                                         AUM&A, revenues and earnings. Equity price risk can
were $302.6 billion, compared to $270.4 billion at
                                                                                         be classified into two categories: general equity risk and
December 31, 2024. AUM&A Including SI were
                                                                                         issuer-specific risk. The Company’s internal and external
$562.4 billion at September 30, 2025, compared to
                                                                                         fund managers reduce exposure to issuer-specific risks
$483.5 billion at December 31, 2024.
                                                                                         through diversification.
The Company’s primary sources of revenues are advisory
                                                                                         Fixed-income securities are exposed to interest rate risk.
fees and asset management fees which are applied as
                                                                                         An increase in interest rates causes market prices of fixed-
an annual percentage of the level of AUM&A. AUM&A
                                                                                         income securities to fall while a decrease in interest rates
levels are impacted by both net sales and changes in
                                                                                         causes market prices to rise, thus impacting AUM&A,
the market.
                                                                                         revenue and earnings.
Global markets by their nature are subject to uncertainty
                                                                                         Foreign currency denominated securities are exposed
and a variety of risks. Movement in equity market prices,
                                                                                         to foreign exchange risk. A depreciation in foreign
foreign exchange rates, real asset values, interest rates/
                                                                                         currency versus the Canadian dollar will cause the
credit spreads, or other asset values could cause the
                                                                                         Canadian value of securities to fall while an appreciation
Company’s AUM&A, revenue and earnings to decline.
                                                                                         in foreign currency versus the Canadian dollar will cause
A general economic downturn, market volatility, client
                                                                                         the Canadian value of securities to rise, thus impacting
rebalancing, poor investment performance, or a lack of
                                                                                         AUM&A, revenue and earnings.


Table 28: IGM Financial AUM – Asset and Currency Mix
                                                                                                                           Investment
As at September 30, 2025                                                                                                        Funds          Total




                                                                                                                                                         PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
Cash                                                                                                                               2.4 %         3.3 %
Short-term fixed income and mortgages                                                                                              2.9           2.9
Other fixed income                                                                                                                21.0          21.0
Domestic equity                                                                                                                   20.8          24.6
Foreign equity                                                                                                                    51.2          46.9
Real Property                                                                                                                      1.7           1.3
                                                                                                                                 100.0 %      100.0 %
CAD                                                                                                                               46.7 %        52.1 %
USD                                                                                                                               36.7          33.1
Other                                                                                                                             16.6          14.8
                                                                                                                                 100.0 %      100.0 %



58 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 THIRD QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                         C  55
                              Liquidity and Funding Risk                                                                including sales to Canada Housing Trust under the CMB
                                                                                                                        Program. The Company maintains committed capacity
                              This is the risk of an inability to generate or obtain
                                                                                                                        within certain Canadian bank-sponsored securitization
                              sufficient cash in a timely and cost-effective manner to
                                                                                                                        trusts. Capacity for sales under the CMB Program consists
                              meet contractual or anticipated commitments as they
                                                                                                                        of participation in new CMB issues and reinvestment of
                              come due or arise.
                                                                                                                        principal repayments held in the Principal Reinvestment
                              Our liquidity profile is structured to ensure we have                                     Accounts. The Company’s continued ability to fund
                              sufficient liquidity to satisfy current and prospective                                   residential mortgages through Canadian bank-sponsored
                              requirements in both normal and stressed conditions.                                      securitization trusts and NHA MBS is dependent on
                              Our liquidity management practices include:                                               securitization market conditions and government
                              • Maintaining liquid assets and lines of credit to satisfy                                regulations that are subject to change. A condition of
                                near term liquidity needs.                                                              the NHA MBS and CMB Program is that securitized loans
                              • Ensuring effective controls over liquidity management                                   be insured by an insurer that is approved by CMHC. The
                                processes.                                                                              availability of mortgage insurance is dependent upon
                              • Performing regular cash forecasts and stress testing.                                   market conditions and is subject to change.
                              • Regular assessment of capital market conditions and                                     The Company accesses the unsecured long-term debt
                                the Company’s ability to access bank and capital                                        markets for corporate purposes, and ensures a well-
                                market funding.                                                                         diversified maturity structure to manage associated
                              • Ongoing efforts to diversify and expand long-term                                       funding risks.
                                mortgage funding sources.                                                               The Company’s contractual obligations are reflected in
                              • Oversight of liquidity and funding risks by an internal                                 Table 29.
                                Financial Risk Management Committee.                                                    In addition to IGM Financial’s current balance of cash
                              A key funding requirement is the funding of advisor                                       and cash equivalents, liquidity is available through
                              network compensation paid for the distribution of                                         the Company’s lines of credit. The Company’s lines
                              financial products and services. This compensation                                        of credit with various Schedule I Canadian chartered
                              continues to be paid from operating cash flows.                                           banks totalled $800 million at September 30, 2025,
                              The Company also maintains sufficient liquidity to                                        unchanged from December 31, 2024. The lines of credit
                              fund and temporarily hold mortgages, which include                                        at September 30, 2025 consisted of committed lines
                              HELOCs, pending sale or securitization to long-term                                       of $650 million and uncommitted lines of $150 million,
                              funding sources and to manage any derivative collateral                                   unchanged from December 31, 2024. Any advances
                              requirements. Through its mortgage banking operations,                                    made by a bank under the uncommitted lines of credit
                              residential mortgages are sold to third parties including                                 are at the bank’s sole discretion. As at September 30,
                              certain mutual funds, institutional investors through                                     2025 and December 31, 2024, the Company was not
                              private placements, Canadian bank-sponsored                                               utilizing its committed lines of credit or its uncommitted
                              securitization trusts, and by issuance and sale of National                               lines of credit.
                              Housing Act Mortgage-Backed Securities (NHA MBS)




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                              Table 29: Contractual Obligations
                              As at September 30, 2025                                                                                          Less than                 1–5               After
                              ($ millions)                                                                                  Demand                 1 Year                Years            5 Years         Total
                              Derivative financial instruments                                                          $          –        $         7.5        $       11.0         $       0.1   $      18.6
                              Client deposits(1)                                                                             2,701.8                    –                   –                   –       2,701.8
                              Obligations to securitization entities                                                               –              1,389.6             3,507.3                15.8       4,912.7
                              Leases(2)                                                                                            –                 28.1                92.9                98.4         219.4
                              Long-term debt                                                                                       –                    –               525.0             1,875.0       2,400.0
                              Total contractual obligations                                                             $ 2,701.8           $     1,425.2        $ 4,136.2            $ 1,989.3     $ 10,252.5

                              (1) Client deposits due on demand are primarily offset by client funds held on deposit.
                              (2) Includes remaining lease payments related to office space and equipment used in the normal course of business.


                                                                              IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 THIRD QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                                         59
                                    C  56                                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Management believes cash flows from operations,                                          income securities have not changed materially since
available cash balances and other sources of liquidity                                   December 31, 2024.
are sufficient to meet the Company’s liquidity needs.                                    IG Wealth Management’s client funds on deposit of
The Company continues to have the ability to meet                                        $2.7 billion (December 31, 2024 – $3.7 billion) are held
its operational cash flow requirements, its contractual                                  with Schedule I chartered banks and approximately
obligations, and its declared dividends. The current                                     84% of the client deposits were insured by the
practice of the Company is to declare and pay dividends                                  Canada Deposit Insurance Corporation (CDIC) at
to common shareholders on a quarterly basis at the                                       September 30, 2025.
discretion of the Board of Directors. The declaration
of dividends by the Board of Directors is dependent                                      Mortgage Portfolio
on a variety of factors, including earnings which are                                    At September 30, 2025, residential mortgages including
significantly influenced by the impact that market risk                                  HELOCs, recorded on the Company’s balance sheet,
has on the Company’s fee income and commission and                                       of $5.3 billion (December 31, 2024 – $5.5 billion)
certain other expenses. The Company’s liquidity position                                 consisted of $4.9 billion sold to securitization programs
and its management of liquidity and funding risk have                                    (December 31, 2024 – $5.1 billion), $451.2 million
not changed materially since December 31, 2024.                                          held pending sale or securitization (December 31,
                                                                                         2024 – $405.7 million) and $10.9 million related to the
Credit Risk                                                                              Company’s intermediary operations (December 31, 2024
This is the risk of financial loss to the Company if a                                   – $11.2 million).
counterparty to a transaction fails to meet its obligations.                             The Company manages credit risk related to residential
The Company is exposed to credit risk through its cash                                   mortgages through:
and cash equivalents, client funds on deposit, mortgage                                  • Adhering to its lending policy and underwriting
portfolio, and use of over-the-counter derivatives. The                                    standards;
Company monitors its credit risk management practices                                    • Its loan servicing capabilities;
on an ongoing basis to evaluate their effectiveness.                                     • Use of client-insured mortgage default insurance and
Cash and Cash Equivalents and Client Funds on Deposit                                      mortgage portfolio default insurance held by the
                                                                                           Company; and
At September 30, 2025, cash and cash equivalents of
$1,042.9 million (December 31, 2024 – $910.3 million)                                    • Its practice of originating its mortgages exclusively
consisted of cash balances of $684.6 million                                               through a network of Mortgage Advisors and
(December 31, 2024 – $545.0 million) primarily on                                          IG Wealth Management advisors as part of a client’s
deposit with Canadian chartered banks and cash                                             IG Living Plan.
equivalents of $358.3 million (December 31, 2024 –                                       In certain instances, credit risk is also limited by the
$365.3 million). Cash equivalents are comprised of                                       terms and nature of securitization transactions as
Government of Canada treasury bills totalling $5.6 million                               described below:
(December 31, 2024 – $37.9 million), provincial                                          • Under the NHA MBS program totalling $2.6 billion
government treasury bills and promissory notes of                                          (December 31, 2024 – $2.5 billion), the Company is
$338.9 million (December 31, 2024 – $289.5 million), and                                   obligated to make timely payment of principal and
bank term deposits of $13.8 million (December 31, 2024                                     coupons irrespective of whether such payments were
– $37.9 million).                                                                          received from the mortgage borrower. However, as




                                                                                                                                                        PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
The Company manages credit risk related to cash and                                        required by the NHA MBS program, 100% of the loans
cash equivalents by adhering to its corporate investment                                   are insured by an approved insurer.
and counterparty credit risk management policies that                                    • Credit risk for mortgages securitized by transfer
outline credit risk parameters and concentration limits.                                   to bank-sponsored securitization trusts totalling
The Company regularly reviews the credit ratings of its                                    $2.3 billion (December 31, 2024 – $2.6 billion) is limited
counterparties. The maximum exposure to credit risk on                                     to amounts held in cash reserve accounts and future
these financial instruments is their carrying value.                                       net interest income, the fair values of which were
                                                                                           $58.2 million (December 31, 2024 – $62.7 million) and
The Company’s exposure to and management of credit
                                                                                           $48.7 million (December 31, 2024 – $38.0 million),
risk related to cash and cash equivalents and fixed
                                                                                           respectively, at September 30, 2025. Cash reserve


60 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 THIRD QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                        C  57
                                accounts are reflected on the balance sheet, whereas                         The Company’s derivative activities are managed in
                                rights to future net interest income are not reflected on                    accordance with its Derivative Policy which includes
                                the balance sheet and will be recorded over the life of                      counterparty limits and other parameters to manage
                                the mortgages.                                                               counterparty risk. The aggregate credit risk exposure
                              At September 30, 2025, residential mortgages recorded                          related to derivatives that are in a gain position of
                              on the balance sheet were 51.4% insured (December 31,                          $46.4 million (December 31, 2024 – $40.4 million) does
                              2024 – 48.9%). At September 30, 2025, impaired                                 not give effect to any netting agreements or collateral
                              mortgages on these portfolios were $4.9 million,                               arrangements. The exposure to credit risk, considering
                              compared to $3.5 million at December 31, 2024.                                 netting agreements and collateral arrangements and
                              Uninsured non-performing mortgages over 90 days on                             including rights to future net interest income, was
                              these portfolios were $3.3 million at September 30, 2025,                      $34.3 million at September 30, 2025 (December 31,
                              compared to $2.1 million at December 31, 2024.                                 2024 – $20.6 million). Counterparties are all Canadian
                                                                                                             Schedule I chartered banks and, as a result, management
                              The Company also retains certain elements of credit risk                       has determined that the Company’s overall credit
                              on mortgage loans sold to the IG Mackenzie Mortgage                            risk related to derivatives was not significant at
                              and Short-Term Income Fund through an agreement                                September 30, 2025. Management of credit risk
                              to repurchase mortgages in certain circumstances                               related to derivatives has not changed materially since
                              benefiting the funds. These loans are not recorded                             December 31, 2024.
                              on the Company’s balance sheet as the Company has
                              transferred substantially all of the risks and rewards of                      Additional information related to the Company’s
                              ownership associated with these loans.                                         securitization activities and utilization of derivative
                                                                                                             contracts can be found in Note 6 to the Interim Financial
                              The Company regularly reviews the credit quality of                            Statements and Notes 2, 7, 8 and 24 to the Consolidated
                              the mortgages and the adequacy of the allowance for                            Financial Statements included in the 2024 IGM Financial
                              expected credit losses.                                                        Inc. Annual Report.
                              The Company’s allowance for expected credit losses
                              was $0.7 million at September 30, 2025, compared to                            Market Risk
                              $0.8 million at December 31, 2024, and is considered                           This is the risk of loss arising from changes in the values
                              adequate by management to absorb all credit-related                            of the Company’s financial instruments due to changes in
                              losses in the mortgage portfolios based on: i) historical                      interest rates, equity prices or foreign exchange rates.
                              credit performance experience, ii) recent trends in
                              interest rates, iii) current portfolio credit metrics and                      Interest Rate Risk
                              other relevant characteristics, iv) our strong financial                       IGM Financial is exposed to interest rate risk on its
                              planning relationship with our clients, and v) stress testing                  mortgage portfolio and on certain of the derivative
                              of losses under adverse real estate market conditions.                         financial instruments used in our mortgage banking
                                                                                                             operations.
                              The Company’s exposure to and management of credit
                              risk related to mortgage portfolios have not changed                           The Company manages interest rate risk associated with
                              materially since December 31, 2024.                                            its mortgage banking operations by entering into interest
                                                                                                             rate swaps with Canadian Schedule I chartered banks
                              Derivatives
                                                                                                             as follows:
                              The Company is exposed to credit risk through




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                                                                                             • The Company has in certain instances funded floating
                              derivative contracts it utilizes to hedge interest rate risk,
                                                                                                                rate mortgages with fixed rate Canada Mortgage
                              to facilitate securitization transactions and to hedge
                                                                                                                Bonds as part of the securitization transactions under
                              market risk related to certain stock-based compensation
                                                                                                                the CMB Program. As part of the CMB Program, the
                              arrangements. These derivatives are discussed more fully
                                                                                                                Company is party to a swap whereby it is entitled to
                              under the Market Risk section of this MD&A.
                                                                                                                receive investment returns on reinvested mortgage
                              To the extent that the fair value of the derivatives is in                        principal and is obligated to pay Canada Mortgage
                              a gain position, the Company is exposed to credit risk                            Bond coupons. This swap had a fair value of
                              if its counterparties fail to fulfil their obligations under                      negative $6.0 million (December 31, 2024 – negative
                              these arrangements.                                                               $3.6 million) and an outstanding notional amount of
                                                                                                                $0.3 billion at September 30, 2025 (December 31, 2024


                                                                     IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 THIRD QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                 61
                                   C  58                                     P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
  – $0.3 billion). The Company enters into interest rate                                 The Company sponsors a number of deferred
  swaps with Canadian Schedule I chartered banks to                                      compensation arrangements where payments to
  hedge the risk that the interest rates earned on floating                              participants are deferred and linked to the performance
  rate mortgages and reinvestment returns decline.                                       of the common shares of IGM Financial Inc. The
  The fair value of these swaps totalled $3.4 million                                    Company hedges its exposure to this risk through the
  (December 31, 2024 – negative $4.3 million), on                                        use of forward agreements and total return swaps.
  an outstanding notional amount of $1.3 billion at
                                                                                         Foreign Exchange Risk
  September 30, 2025 (December 31, 2024 – $1.4 billion).
  The net fair value of these swaps of negative                                          IGM Financial is exposed to foreign exchange risk on its
  $2.6 million at September 30, 2025 (December 31, 2024                                  investment in ChinaAMC and Rockefeller. Changes to the
  – negative $7.9 million) is recorded on the balance                                    carrying value due to changes in foreign exchange rates
  sheet and has an outstanding notional amount of                                        are recognized in Other comprehensive income. As at
  $1.6 billion (December 31, 2024 – $1.7 billion).                                       September 30, 2025, a 5% appreciation (depreciation) in
                                                                                         Canadian currency relative to foreign currencies would
• The Company is exposed to the impact that changes
                                                                                         decrease (increase) the aggregate carrying value of
  in interest rates may have on the value of mortgages
                                                                                         foreign investments by approximately $137.3 million
  committed to or held pending sale or securitization
                                                                                         ($151.8 million).
  to long-term funding sources. The Company enters
  into interest rate swaps to hedge the interest rate                                    The Company’s proportionate share of ChinaAMC’s and
  risk related to funding costs for mortgages held by                                    Rockefeller’s earnings, recorded in Proportionate share
  the Company pending sale or securitization. Hedge                                      of associates’ earnings in the Consolidated Statements
  accounting is applied to the cost of funds on certain                                  of Earnings, is also affected by changes in foreign
  securitization activities. The effective portion of fair                               exchange rates. For the period ended September 30,
  value changes of the associated interest rate swaps are                                2025, the impact to net earnings of a 5% appreciation
  initially recognized in Other comprehensive income                                     (depreciation) in Canadian currency relative to foreign
  and subsequently recognized in Wealth Management                                       currencies would decrease (increase) the Company’s
  revenue over the term of the related Obligations to                                    proportionate share of associates’ earnings by
  securitization entities. The fair value of these swaps was                             approximately $2.3 million ($2.6 million).
  negative $1.0 million (December 31, 2024 – negative
  $1.1 million) on an outstanding notional amount of                                     2) Operational Risk
  $136.6 million at September 30, 2025 (December 31,
                                                                                         This is the risk of financial loss, reputational damage or
  2024 – $166.0 million).
                                                                                         regulatory actions resulting from inadequate or failed
As at September 30, 2025, the impact to annual net                                       internal processes or systems, human interaction or
earnings of a 100 basis point increase in interest                                       external events.
rates would have been a decrease of approximately
                                                                                         We are exposed to a broad range of operational risks,
$1.5 million (December 31, 2024 – increase of
                                                                                         including information security and system failures, errors
$0.5 million). The Company’s exposure to and
                                                                                         relating to transaction processing, financial models
management of interest rate risk have not changed
                                                                                         and valuations, failure of key third parties, fraud and
materially since December 31, 2024.
                                                                                         misappropriation of assets, and inadequate application
Equity Price Risk                                                                        of internal control processes.




                                                                                                                                                      PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
IGM Financial is exposed to equity price risk on our                                     Operational risks relating to people and processes
equity investments which are classified as either FVTOCI                                 are mitigated through policies and process controls.
or FVTPL, and on our investments in associates, which are                                Oversight of risks and ongoing evaluation of the
accounted for using the equity method. The fair value of                                 effectiveness of controls is provided by the Company’s
other investments was $2.4 billion at September 30, 2025                                 Risk, Compliance, and Internal Audit functions.
(December 31, 2024 – $1.5 billion), as shown in Table 21,
                                                                                         The Company’s insurance governance process includes
and the carrying value of investment in associates was
                                                                                         oversight by the Insurance Steering Committee and
$4.1 billion at September 30, 2025 (December 31, 2024 –
                                                                                         senior executives. As part of this process, the nature
$4.0 billion).
                                                                                         and extent of the Company’s insurance is regularly
                                                                                         reviewed to ensure coverage remains appropriate and


62 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 THIRD QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                         C  59
                              complies with relevant laws, regulations, and contractual                     Model Risk
                              agreements.
                                                                                                            This is the risk of financial loss or reputational harm
                              The business unit leaders are responsible for                                 resulting from conclusions and decisions based on
                              management of the day to day operational risks of their                       incorrect or misused models.
                              respective business units. Specific programs, policies,
                                                                                                            We use a variety of models to assist in: the valuation
                              training, standards and governance processes have been
                                                                                                            of financial instruments, operational scenario testing,
                              developed to help manage operational risk.
                                                                                                            management of cash flows, capital management, and
                                                                                                            assessment of potential acquisitions. These models
                              Technology and Cyber Risk
                                                                                                            incorporate internal assumptions, observable market
                              This is the risk of failure or inappropriate usage of                         inputs and available market prices. Effective controls exist
                              information and technology that enables business                              over the development, implementation and application
                              operations and strategies which may result in business                        of these models. However, changes in the internal
                              disruption and missed opportunities.                                          assumptions or other factors affecting the models could
                              Technology underpins our business operations and the                          have an adverse effect on the Company’s consolidated
                              client, employee and advisor experience. As a result,                         financial position and reputation.
                              we are exposed to cyber security risks such as identity
                              theft, compromise of technology systems and malicious                         Legal and Regulatory Risk
                              software attacks. Globally, the volume of these activities                    This is the risk of not complying with laws, contractual
                              has increased and could compromise confidential                               agreements or regulatory requirements. These risks
                              information of the Company and its clients or other                           relate to regulation governing product distribution,
                              stakeholders and result in other negative consequences                        investment management, accounting, reporting and
                              including lost revenue, litigation, regulatory scrutiny or                    communications.
                              reputational damage. Our technology risk management
                                                                                                            The Company is subject to complex and changing
                              policy provides a framework for managing technology
                                                                                                            legal, taxation and regulatory requirements, including
                              risk, alongside enterprise-wide cyber security programs,
                                                                                                            the requirements of agencies of the federal, provincial
                              benchmarking of capabilities to sound industry practices,
                                                                                                            and territorial governments in Canada which regulate
                              and threat and vulnerability assessment and response
                                                                                                            the Company and its activities and including changes in
                              capabilities, which together provide resiliency in
                                                                                                            foreign jurisdictions in which the Company or companies
                              addressing this risk.
                                                                                                            it invests in have operations. The Company and its
                                                                                                            subsidiaries are also subject to the requirements of a
                              Third Party Risk
                                                                                                            self-regulatory organization, the Canadian Investment
                              This is the risk that exists due to the use of external parties               Regulatory Organization (CIRO). These and other
                              to assist or wholly perform activities necessary to the                       regulatory bodies regularly adopt new laws, rules,
                              operations and strategy of the business.                                      regulations and policies that apply to the Company and
                              We regularly engage third parties to provide expertise                        its subsidiaries. These requirements include those that
                              and efficiencies that support our operational activities.                     apply to IGM Financial as a publicly traded company and
                              Our exposure to third party risk could include                                those that apply to the Company’s subsidiaries based
                              reputational, regulatory and other operational risks.                         on the nature of their activities. They include regulations
                                                                                                            related to the management and provision of financial




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                              Policies, standard operating procedures and dedicated
                              resources, including third party risk management,                             products and services, including securities, insurance
                              procurement and contract policies, have been                                  and mortgages, and other activities carried on by the
                              developed and implemented to specifically address                             Company in the markets in which it operates. Regulatory
                              third party risk. We perform due diligence and                                standards affecting the Company and the financial
                              monitoring activities before entering into contractual                        services industry are significant and continually evolve.
                              relationships with third parties and on an ongoing basis.                     The Company and its subsidiaries are subject to reviews
                              As our reliance on third parties continues to grow, we                        as part of the normal ongoing process of oversight by
                              continue to enhance resources and processes to support                        the various regulators.
                              third party risk management.                                                  Failure to comply with laws, rules or regulations could
                                                                                                            lead to regulatory sanctions and civil liability, and may


                                                                    IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 THIRD QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                 63
                                   C  60                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
have an adverse reputational or financial effect on the                                  and report privacy breaches, complaints and access
Company. The Company manages legal and regulatory                                        to information requests.
risk through its efforts to promote a strong culture of
compliance. The monitoring of regulatory developments                                    Contingencies
and their impact on the Company is overseen by the                                       The Company is subject to legal actions arising in the
Regulatory Initiatives Committee chaired by the General                                  normal course of its business. In December 2018, a
Counsel. The Company also continues to develop and                                       proposed class action was filed in the Ontario Superior
maintain compliance policies, processes and oversight,                                   Court against Mackenzie Financial Corporation
including specific communications on compliance and                                      (Mackenzie) which alleges that the company should not
legal matters, training, testing, monitoring and reporting.                              have paid mutual fund trailing commissions to order
The Audit Committee of the Board receives regular                                        execution only dealers. This action was certified in
reporting on compliance initiatives and issues.                                          January 2024. In August 2022, a second proposed class
The Company promotes a strong culture of ethics and                                      action concerning the same subject matter was filed
integrity through its Code of Conduct approved by the                                    against Mackenzie.
Board of Directors, which outlines standards of conduct                                  In late March 2023, the Company was notified by one
that apply to all IGM Financial directors, officers and                                  of our third-party vendors, InvestorCOM Inc., that they
employees. The Code of Conduct references many                                           were compromised due to a cybersecurity incident
policies relating to the conduct of directors, officers and                              related to a technology supplier to InvestorCOM,
employees. Other corporate policies cover anti-money                                     GoAnywhere. The Company has notified impacted
laundering and privacy. Training is provided on these                                    clients and offered credit monitoring at no cost to all
policies on an annual basis. Individuals subject to the                                  clients. Four proposed class actions have been filed
Code of Conduct attest annually that they understand the                                 against Mackenzie concerning this incident.
requirements and have complied with its provisions.
                                                                                         Although it is difficult to predict the outcome of any such
Privacy Risk                                                                             legal actions, based on current knowledge, management
                                                                                         does not expect the outcome of any of these matters,
Privacy risk is the potential for access to, collection, use,                            individually or in aggregate, to have a material adverse
transfer, disclosure and retention of personal information                               effect on the Company’s consolidated financial position.
in contravention of applicable laws, regulations and/
or ethical standards. We collect only the personal                                       People Risk
information that is necessary to provide our products and
services to clients, and where we have consent to do so.                                 This risk refers to the potential inability to: attract or
                                                                                         retain employees or Wealth Management advisors; have
If we need to share personal information with third                                      a diverse, equitable and inclusive workforce; provide
parties, we remain responsible for that information                                      development opportunities to achieve current and future
and protect it through contractual and other measures                                    business objectives; support employee wellbeing and
that commit the service providers to maintain levels of                                  engagement; and sustain ongoing personnel or business
protection comparable to ours.                                                           succession and/or transition plans.
IGM Financial has established an enterprise Privacy                                      We manage this risk through competitive compensation
Risk Management Framework to manage privacy risk.                                        and benefit offerings, training and development
Our Chief Privacy Officer (CPO) leads and oversees




                                                                                                                                                       PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                                                                         programs, and periodic employee and advisor surveys.
our privacy program, partnering with cross-functional
teams to develop and implement enterprise-wide                                           We have a Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Strategy
policies, standards and controls regarding the handling                                  with the purpose of driving an inclusive, equitable
and safeguarding of personal information. Ultimately                                     and consistent experience for employees, Wealth
reporting to the CPO, the enterprise privacy team works                                  Management advisors, and clients that supports our
with front-line business units to address privacy matters.                               business objectives now and into the future. To achieve
                                                                                         the desired outcomes, we focus on three pillars of
Employees and advisors are required to complete                                          action: raising awareness; improving inclusive leadership
mandatory privacy training at onboarding, and annually                                   behaviours; and building external partnerships and
thereafter. The training includes our privacy obligations,                               community engagement.
privacy best practices, and how to prevent, handle


64 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 THIRD QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                      C  61
                              We also have a Wellness Strategy to support our                              In addition, geopolitical risk, ongoing trade tensions,
                              employees’ wellbeing with a goal to ensure our                               including tariffs (and the threat of increased tariffs)
                              employees are physically thriving, emotionally balanced,                     and other governmental actions (including retaliatory
                              socially connected and financially secure.                                   measures), and other factors can influence inflation,
                                                                                                           interest rates, global economic growth, and business
                              Business Continuity Management                                               conditions in markets in which the Company operates.
                              This is the risk that the organization cannot effectively                    Global markets are currently exposed to the heightened
                              recover and maintain critical business processes in the                      economic uncertainty related to tariffs and counter-
                              event of a disruption (internal, third-party, physical                       tariffs introduced by several countries. These conditions
                              or natural circumstances) or respond to a crisis or                          could result in reduced sales of IGM Financial’s products
                              emergency event.                                                             and services and/or result in investors redeeming their
                                                                                                           investments. These factors may also affect the level
                              A business continuity management program ensures the                         and volatility of financial markets and the value of the
                              Company’s critical processes function in the event of a                      Company’s AUM, as described more fully under the Risks
                              business disruption.                                                         Related to AUM&A section of this MD&A.
                              The Company’s crisis response plan outlines policies and                     To manage this risk, the Company, across its operating
                              procedures to address situations that could significantly                    subsidiaries, communicates with clients and underscores
                              impact the organization’s reputation, brands or business                     the importance of financial planning across economic
                              operations. A crisis assessment team comprised of                            cycles. The Company and the industry continue to
                              senior leadership is responsible for setting strategy,                       take steps to educate Canadian investors on the merits
                              overseeing response and ensuring appropriate subject                         of financial planning, diversification and long-term
                              matter experts are engaged in scenario-dependent crisis                      investing. In periods of volatility, Wealth Management
                              response teams.                                                              advisors and independent financial advisors play a key
                              On a regular basis, the Company tests business continuity                    role in assisting investors in maintaining perspective and
                              and disaster recovery plans as well as conducting crisis                     focus on their long-term objectives.
                              simulation exercises.                                                        Redemption rates for long-term funds are summarized in
                                                                                                           Table 30 and are discussed in the Wealth Management
                              3) Strategic and Business Risk                                               and the Asset Management Segment Operating Results
                              This is the risk of potential adverse impacts resulting from                 sections of this MD&A.
                              factors in the external environment or related to the
                              strategy or specific business activities of the Company.                     Strategy Setting
                                                                                                           This is the risk of failing to set or meet appropriate
                              General Business Conditions                                                  strategic objectives resulting in an impact on business
                              This risk refers to the potential for unfavourable impacts                   performance.
                              on IGM Financial resulting from competitive or other                         IGM Financial believes in the importance of good
                              external factors relating to the marketplace.                                corporate governance and the central role played by
                              Global economic conditions, changes in financial                             directors in the governance process. We believe that
                              markets, as well as inflation, could impact the labour and                   sound corporate governance is essential to the well-
                                                                                                           being of the Company and our shareholders.




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                              housing market and could potentially have a broader
                              effect on investor confidence, income levels and savings.




                              Table 30: Twelve Month Trailing Redemption Rate for Long-term Funds
                                                                                                                                                                           2025       2024
                                                                                                                                                                         Sep. 30    Sep.30
                              IGM Financial Inc.
                               IG Wealth Management                                                                                                                        10.5 %     13.3 %
                               Mackenzie                                                                                                                                   17.6 %     19.1 %



                                                                   IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 THIRD QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                                     65
                                   C  62                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Oversight of IGM Financial is performed by the Board                                     We provide Wealth Management advisors, independent
of Directors directly and through its five committees.                                   financial advisors, as well as retail and institutional clients
The Company’s President and Chief Executive Officer                                      with a high level of service and support and a broad
has overall responsibility for management of the                                         range of investment products, with a focus on building
Company. The Company’s activities are carried out                                        enduring relationships. The Company’s subsidiaries
principally by two operating companies – IGWM Inc.                                       also continually review their respective product and
(formerly Investors Group Inc.) and Mackenzie Financial                                  service offering and pricing to ensure competitiveness
Corporation – each of which are managed by a President                                   in the marketplace.
and Chief Executive Officer. The Company also has a                                      We strive to deliver strong investment performance
strategy execution oversight function and committee that                                 on our products relative to benchmarks and peers.
reviews and approves strategic initiative business cases                                 Poor investment performance relative to benchmarks
and oversees progress against our strategic priorities                                   or peers could reduce the level of AUM and sales
and objectives.                                                                          and asset retention, as well as adversely impact our
The President and Chief Executive Officer of the                                         brands and reputation. Meaningful and/or sustained
Company, in collaboration with the Board of Directors, is                                underperformance could affect the Company’s results.
responsible each year to develop, review and update the                                  Our objective is to cultivate investment processes and
Company’s strategic plan. The strategic plan sets out both                               disciplines that give us a competitive advantage, and we
the annual and longer-term objectives for the Company                                    do this by diversifying our AUM and product shelf by
in light of emerging opportunities and risks and with a                                  investment team, brand, asset class, mandate, style and
view to the Company’s sustained profitable growth and                                    geographic region. Our investment risk management
long-term value creation. The Board is responsible for                                   policy also contains requirements aimed at addressing
approving the Company’s overall business strategy. In                                    this risk.
carrying out this responsibility, the Board reviews the
                                                                                         Business / Client Relationships
short-, medium- and long-term risks associated with
the strategic plan, considers the strengths and potential                                This risk refers to the potential for unfavourable impacts
weaknesses of trends and opportunities, and approves                                     on IGM Financial resulting from changes to key business
the Company’s annual business, financial and capital                                     or client relationships. These relationships primarily
management plans. A portion of each Board meeting                                        include IG Wealth Management clients and advisors,
is dedicated to discussion of strategic matters including                                Mackenzie retail distribution, strategic and significant
receiving updates on the progress and implementation                                     business partners, clients of Mackenzie funds, and sub-
of the strategic plan.                                                                   advisors and other product suppliers.
                                                                                         IG Wealth Management derives all of its investment fund
Competitive Risk                                                                         sales, insurance sales, and mortgage and banking sales
Product / Service Offering                                                               through its advisor network. IG Wealth Management
This risk refers to the potential for unfavourable impacts                               advisors have regular direct contact with clients which
on IGM Financial resulting from inadequate product or                                    can lead to a strong and personal client relationship
service performance, quality or breadth.                                                 based on the client’s confidence in that individual
                                                                                         advisor. The market for advisors is extremely competitive.
IGM Financial, including its subsidiaries and strategic                                  The loss of a significant number of key advisors could
investments, operate in a highly competitive                                             lead to the loss of client accounts which could have




                                                                                                                                                           PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
environment, competing with other financial service                                      an adverse effect on IG Wealth Management’s results
providers, investment managers and product and                                           of operations and business prospects, as well as our
service types. Client development and retention                                          culture and ability to attract key advisors. IG Wealth
can be influenced by a number of factors, including                                      Management is focused on strengthening its distribution
investment performance, products and services offered                                    network of advisors and on responding to the complex
by competitors, relative service levels, relative pricing,                               financial needs of its clients by delivering a diverse range
product attributes, reputation and actions taken by                                      of products and services in the context of personalized
competitors. This competition could have an adverse                                      financial advice.
impact upon the Company’s financial position and
operating results. Please refer to The Competitive                                       Mackenzie derives the majority of its mutual fund
Landscape section of this MD&A for further discussion.                                   sales through third party financial advisors. Financial


66 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 THIRD QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                          C  63
                              advisors generally offer their clients investment products                  Acquisition Risk
                              in addition to, and in competition with Mackenzie.
                                                                                                          This risk refers to the potential that desired objectives
                              Mackenzie also derives sales of its investment products
                                                                                                          are not attained from the Company’s acquisitions
                              and services from its strategic alliance and institutional
                                                                                                          and strategic investments. The Company undertakes
                              clients. Due to the nature of the distribution relationship
                                                                                                          thorough due diligence prior to completing an
                              in these relationships and the relative size of these
                                                                                                          acquisition, but there is no assurance that the Company
                              accounts, gross sale and redemption activity can be
                                                                                                          will achieve the expected strategic objectives or cost
                              more pronounced in these accounts than in a retail
                                                                                                          and revenue synergies subsequent to an acquisition.
                              relationship. Mackenzie’s ability to market its investment
                                                                                                          Subsequent changes in the economic environment and
                              products is highly dependent on continued access to
                                                                                                          other unanticipated factors may affect the Company’s
                              these distribution networks. Lack of access could have a
                                                                                                          ability to achieve expected earnings growth or
                              material adverse effect on Mackenzie’s operating results
                                                                                                          expense reductions. The success of an acquisition and
                              and business prospects. Mackenzie is well positioned to
                                                                                                          of the Company’s strategic investments is dependent
                              manage this risk and to continue to build and enhance its
                                                                                                          on retaining AUM, clients, and key employees of an
                              distribution relationships. Mackenzie’s diverse portfolio
                                                                                                          acquired company.
                              of financial products and its long-term investment
                              performance record, marketing, educational and service                      Natural or Human Caused Disasters
                              support has made Mackenzie one of Canada’s leading
                              investment management companies. These factors are                          This is the risk that events such as earthquakes, floods,
                              discussed further in the Asset Management Review of                         fire, tornadoes, pandemics, or terrorism could adversely
                              the Business section of this MD&A.                                          affect the Company’s financial performance.
                                                                                                          Catastrophic events can cause economic uncertainty,
                              Regulatory Development Risk                                                 affect investor confidence, income levels and financial
                              This is the potential for changes to regulatory, legal, or                  planning decisions. This could affect the level and
                              tax requirements that may have an adverse impact on the                     volatility of financial markets and the level of the
                              Company’s business activities or financial results.                         Company’s AUM&A. The Company has an insurance
                                                                                                          review process where it assesses and determines the
                              We are exposed to the risk of changes in laws, taxation
                                                                                                          nature and extent of insurance that is appropriate to
                              and regulation that could have an adverse impact on
                                                                                                          provide adequate protection against unexpected losses,
                              the Company, including changes in foreign jurisdictions
                                                                                                          and where it is required by law, regulators or contractual
                              in which the Company or companies it invests in have
                                                                                                          agreements.
                              operations. Particular regulatory initiatives may have
                              the effect of making the products of the Company’s                          Environmental and Social Risk
                              subsidiaries appear to be less competitive than the
                              products of other financial service providers, to third                     This is the potential for financial loss or other
                              party distribution channels and to clients. Regulatory                      unfavourable impacts resulting from the Company’s
                              differences that may impact the competitiveness of                          inability to manage or respond to changing
                              the Company’s products include regulatory costs, tax                        environmental or social issues connected to our
                              treatment, disclosure requirements, transaction processes                   business operations, investment activities, meeting
                              or other differences that may be as a result of differing                   our sustainability commitments, and increasingly for
                                                                                                          regulatory compliance. We recognize that E&S risks can




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                              regulation or application of regulation. Regulatory
                              developments may also impact product structures,                            be within our operations or impact stakeholders along
                              pricing, and dealer and advisor compensation. While                         our supply chain, including clients, investee companies
                              the Company and its subsidiaries actively monitor such                      and suppliers.
                              initiatives, and where feasible comment upon or discuss                     The regulatory landscape for sustainability and climate-
                              them with regulators, the ability of the Company and                        related matters is rapidly evolving. In December 2024,
                              its subsidiaries to mitigate the imposition of differential                 the Canadian Sustainability Standards Board (CSSB)
                              regulatory treatment of financial products or services                      released its final voluntary Canadian Sustainability
                              is limited.                                                                 Disclosure Standards, mostly aligned to those of the
                              The Company continuously monitors regulatory                                International Sustainability Standards Board (ISSB). In April
                              developments, guidance and communications.                                  2025, the Canadian Securities Administrators announced


                                                                  IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 THIRD QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                 67
                                   C  64                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
it was pausing its work related to mandatory climate-                                    Its responsibilities include ensuring that appropriate
related disclosure rules, while also highlighting that                                   procedures are in place to identify and manage E&S risks
existing legislation already requires issuers to disclose                                and establish risk tolerances; ensuring that appropriate
material climate-related risks affecting their business in                               policies, procedures and controls are implemented
the same way issuers are required to disclose other types                                to manage risks; and reviewing the risk management
of material information.                                                                 process on a regular basis to confirm that it is functioning
Given the diverse perspectives of our stakeholders and                                   effectively.
communities on environmental and social (E&S) issues,                                    Senior management at each of our operating companies
our actions or inactions in managing these matters may                                   have primary ownership and accountability for the
be viewed unfavourably by some. This could potentially                                   ongoing E&S risk and opportunity management
elevate our E&S risks.                                                                   associated with their respective activities. The Company’s
Environmental risks include issues such as climate                                       Executive Risk Management Committee is responsible
change, biodiversity loss, pollution, waste, and the                                     for oversight of the risk management process, including
unsustainable use of energy, water and other resources.                                  E&S risks. The Executive Sustainability Committee
Social risks include issues such as human rights violations;                             is responsible for ensuring central management
inadequate labour standards; and lack of considerations                                  governance for sustainability across IGM, including policy
for diversity, equity and inclusion; Indigenous                                          and strategy, goals and targets, measuring progress,
reconciliation; and community impacts.                                                   and reviewing public reports and disclosures. Our Chief
                                                                                         Risk Officer oversees implementation of the Corporate
IG Wealth Management and Mackenzie Investments,                                          Sustainability and Risk Management programs, reporting
and their investment sub-advisors, are signatories to                                    into the President and Chief Executive Officer. The Chief
the Principles for Responsible Investment (PRI). Under                                   Financial Officer is responsible for financial reporting
the PRI, investors formally commit to incorporate                                        including oversight for any future sustainability-related
environmental, social and governance (ESG) issues into                                   financial disclosures.
their investment decision making and active ownership
processes. In addition, our operating companies have                                     Other management committees and working
implemented Sustainable Investment Policies outlining                                    groups also oversee E&S-related governance across
the practices at each company.                                                           the Company.

IGM Financial reports annually on sustainability                                         Climate Risk
management and performance in its Sustainability                                         Strategy
Report available on our website and is a long-standing                                   Climate-related risks and opportunities are identified
participant in the CDP (formerly Carbon Disclosure                                       and assessed within IGM Financial through our business
Project), which promotes corporate disclosures                                           planning processes which define our strategic priorities,
on greenhouse gas emissions and climate change                                           initiatives and budgets.
management including setting and monitoring emission                                     We are focused on meeting growing demand for
reduction targets. These disclosures are informed by                                     sustainable investing and the opportunity to invest in the
internationally recognized standards and frameworks                                      transition to a low carbon economy. Additionally, through
such as the Task Force on Climate-related Financial                                      Mackenzie’s Sustainability Centre of Excellence (COE),
Disclosures (TCFD), The Sustainability Accounting                                        we continue to focus on educating and communicating
Standards Board (SASB), and the Global Reporting




                                                                                                                                                        PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                                                                         with clients and advisors on the risks and opportunities
Initiative (GRI).                                                                        associated with sustainable investing and the energy
Governance                                                                               transition.
Our Board is responsible for providing oversight on risk                                 As such, IGM Financial’s updated Sustainability Strategy
and strategy, which includes sustainability and climate-                                 highlights Action on Climate as one of the 3 focus areas.
related matters. The Board meets with management at                                      Through IGM Financial’s wealth and asset management
least annually to discuss plans and emerging ESG issues.                                 businesses, this strategy focuses on providing clients
Through its Risk Committee, the Board is responsible                                     with product options that focus on investing in long-term
for ensuring that material ESG and climate-related risks                                 climate solutions to support a low carbon future.
are appropriately identified, managed and monitored.


68 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 THIRD QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                        C  65
                              Our operating companies are participants in                                  mortgages, which if not addressed proactively, could
                              collaborative industry groups that support our climate                       affect financial performance and the ability to use the
                              commitments by engaging companies on improving                               assets long-term.
                              climate change governance, reducing emissions and                            Our operating companies are committed to sustainable
                              strengthening climate-related financial disclosures.                         investing programs and policies that include a focus on
                              At Mackenzie Investments, sustainable investing is an                        climate risk.
                              area of strategic emphasis, and we have established a                        We provide data and tools for our investment teams
                              dedicated team within Mackenzie’s Sustainability COE                         to carry out current and forward-looking climate
                              who bring focus to material ESG and climate risks and                        analysis and we integrate material climate risks into our
                              opportunities within asset management. Mackenzie                             investment and oversight processes for investment
                              has expanded its suite of funds investing to directly                        management sub-advisors. As part of the hiring process
                              support the transition to a low-carbon economy through                       and ongoing assessment of sub-advisors, our teams
                              its acquisition of Greenchip, an investment boutique                         request information about how ESG, including climate
                              exclusively focused on the opportunities created by the                      risks and opportunities, is resourced, what processes
                              energy transition; the launch of the Betterworld equity                      and tools are used, and how strategy and governance
                              team in 2021, that invests in companies making a positive                    are influenced. As we continue to develop our climate-
                              impact on the people and the planet; as well as fixed                        related financial disclosures, we are devoting increased
                              income funds prioritizing sustainability and ESG-labelled                    resources to areas such as training, analysis, metrics,
                              debt, including green bonds.                                                 target-setting, strategy planning and working with
                              Mackenzie has also implemented tools for our investment                      collaborative organizations.
                              funds to enhance our quantitative assessment of climate                      At Mackenzie Investments, each boutique investment
                              risks and opportunities by analyzing emissions and other                     team is responsible for determining when and how
                              climate-related information at the investee company,                         climate transition and physical risks are material, and for
                              asset class and portfolio levels.                                            incorporating these risks into their investment process.
                              IG Wealth Management has integrated environmental                            We have focused on developing resources and tools
                              and climate issues into its sub-advisory selection                           to assess climate-related risks and opportunities for our
                              and oversight processes, and product development                             Mackenzie managed equity portfolios. Through these
                              strategy. In 2021, IG Wealth Management launched                             tools we can assess historical greenhouse gas emissions
                              its Climate Action Portfolios, a suite of four diversified                   data and portfolio temperature alignment to identify
                              managed solutions which aim to provide clients with                          the highest emitters and inform engagement activities
                              the opportunity to support and benefit from the global                       with companies facing transition risks. At IG Wealth
                              transition to a low carbon global economy.                                   Management, management evaluates the sustainable
                                                                                                           investing practices of investment manager sub-advisors,
                              Risk Management
                                                                                                           including the integration of climate risks into their
                              Climate risk is captured under strategic and business                        investment and active ownership practice.
                              risks, but we recognize the relationship of climate risk to
                              other risks.                                                                 To maximize stewardship efforts, engagement at
                                                                                                           Mackenzie is undertaken through direct conversations
                              Our climate risks relate primarily to the potential for                      between portfolio managers and companies/issuers;
                              physical or transition risks to: negatively affect the                       through Mackenzie firm-wide engagements; and




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                              performance of our clients’ investments, resulting in                        through collaborations with peers on initiatives where
                              reduced fee revenue; harm our reputation; create market                      the collective investor voice has more influence. At
                              risks through shifts in product demand; or lead to new                       IG Wealth Management, investment management
                              regulatory, legal or disclosure requirements that could                      sub-advisors including Mackenzie are responsible for
                              affect our business. Diversification within and across our                   engagement activities and IG Wealth Management
                              investment portfolios aids in managing exposure to any                       monitors their practices as part of regular due diligence
                              one company, sector or geographic region that might be                       and oversight.
                              exposed to climate-related risks. We are also exposed to
                              the impact of extreme weather events on our corporate                        Mackenzie Investments is a founding participant in
                              properties which could lead to business disruption, and                      Climate Engagement Canada and participates in CERES’
                              on the valuations of investment properties and client                        Investor Network on Climate Risk. Both Mackenzie and


                                                                   IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 THIRD QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                 69
                                   C  66                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
IG Wealth Management joined Climate Action 100+ and                                      GHG emissions and other metrics to assess climate-
became founding signatories to the Canadian Investor                                     related risks and opportunities in investment strategies.
Statement on Climate Change.                                                             The teams have access to ESG data tools and metrics to
                                                                                         support their assessment.
Metrics and Targets
We set, monitor and report on climate change-related                                     We currently report Scopes 1, 2 and certain Scope 3
metrics and targets annually in our CDP response, our                                    GHG emissions, including a portion of our investment
IGM Sustainability Report and our Mackenzie Investments                                  emissions and weighted average carbon intensity. As
Sustainable Investing report which are available on our                                  tools and data improve, we continue to enhance our
websites. At Mackenzie, each boutique investment team                                    emissions measurement and reporting.
is responsible for integrating material ESG factors into its
investment process, including determining appropriate




The Financial Services Environment
Canadians held $6.7 trillion in discretionary financial                                  funds, pooled funds, closed end funds and exchange
assets with financial institutions at December 31,                                       traded funds. With $214 billion in investment fund
2023 based on the most recent report from Investor                                       AUM at September 30, 2025, IGM Financial is among
Economics. The nature of holdings was diverse, ranging                                   the country’s largest investment fund managers. We
from demand deposits held for short-term cash                                            believe that investment funds are likely to remain the
management purposes to longer-term investments                                           preferred savings vehicle of Canadians. They offer the
held for retirement purposes. Approximately 60%                                          benefits of diversification, professional management,
($4.0 trillion) of these financial assets are held within the                            flexibility and convenience, and are available in a broad
context of a relationship with a financial advisor, and this                             range of mandates and structures to meet most investor
is the primary channel serving the longer-term savings                                   requirements and preferences.
needs of Canadians. Of the $2.4 trillion held outside                                    Traditional distinctions between bank branches,
of a financial advisory relationship, approximately 61%                                  full-service brokerages, financial planning firms and
consisted of bank deposits.                                                              insurance agent sales forces have become obscured
Financial advisors represent the primary distribution                                    as many of these financial service providers strive to
channel for IGM Financial’s products and services, and                                   offer comprehensive financial advice implemented
the core emphasis of our business model is to support                                    through access to a broad product shelf. Accordingly,
these financial advisors as they work with clients to plan                               the Canadian financial services industry is characterized
for and achieve their financial goals. Multiple sources                                  by a number of large, diversified, vertically-integrated
of research show significantly better financial outcomes                                 participants, similar to IGM Financial, that offer both
for Canadians who use financial advisors compared to                                     financial planning and investment management services.
those who do not. We actively promote the value of                                       Canadian banks distribute financial products and
financial advice and the importance of a relationship with




                                                                                                                                                     PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                                                                         services through their traditional bank branches, as well
an advisor to develop and remain focused on long-term                                    as through their full service and discount brokerage
financial plans and goals.                                                               subsidiaries. Bank branches continue to place increased
Approximately 36% of Canadian discretionary financial                                    emphasis on both financial planning and mutual funds.
assets or $2.4 trillion resided in investment funds at                                   In addition, each of the “big six” banks has one or more
December 31, 2023, making it the largest financial asset                                 mutual fund management subsidiaries. Collectively,
class held by Canadians. Other asset types include                                       mutual fund assets of the “big six” bank-owned mutual
deposit products and direct securities such as stocks                                    fund managers and affiliated firms represented 48%
and bonds. Approximately 74% of investment funds                                         of total industry long-term mutual fund assets at
are comprised of mutual fund products, with other                                        September 30, 2025.
product categories including segregated funds, hedge


70 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 THIRD QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                       C  67
                              The Canadian mutual fund industry continues to be                            to modernize our digital platforms and technology
                              very concentrated, with the 10 largest firms and their                       infrastructure to enhance operations, achieve efficiencies
                              subsidiaries representing 73% of industry long-term                          and improve the service experience for our clients. We
                              mutual fund assets and 72% of total mutual fund AUM                          believe that IGM Financial is well-positioned to meet
                              at September 30, 2025. We anticipate continuing                              competitive challenges and capitalize on future growth
                              consolidation in this segment of the industry as smaller                     opportunities.
                              participants are acquired by larger organizations.                           Our competitive strength includes:
                              We believe that the financial services industry will                         • Broad and diversified distribution through more
                              continue to be influenced by the following trends:                             than 35,000 financial advisors, with an emphasis on
                              • Shifting demographics as the number of Canadians                             comprehensive financial planning.
                                in their prime savings and retirement years continues                      • Broad product capabilities, leading brands and quality
                                to increase.                                                                 sub-advisory relationships.
                              • Changes in investor attitudes based on economic                            • Enduring client relationships and the long-standing
                                conditions.                                                                  heritages and cultures of its subsidiaries.
                              • Continued importance of the role of the financial                          • Benefits of being part of the Power Corporation group
                                advisor.                                                                     of companies.
                              • Public policy related to retirement savings.
                              • Changes in the regulatory environment.                                     Broad and Diversified Distribution
                              • A highly competitive landscape.                                            In addition to owning one of Canada’s largest financial
                              • Advancing and changing technology.                                         planning organizations, IG Wealth Management, IGM
                                                                                                           Financial has, through Mackenzie, access to distribution
                                                                                                           through over 30,000 independent financial advisors.
                              The Competitive Landscape
                                                                                                           Mackenzie also, in its growing strategic alliance business,
                              IGM Financial’s Wealth Management segment competes                           partners with global manufacturing and distribution
                              directly with other retail financial service providers in the                entities to provide investment management services.
                              advice segment, including other financial planning firms,
                              as well as full service brokerages, banks and insurance                      Broad Product Capabilities
                              companies. Its Asset Management segment competes
                                                                                                           Our subsidiaries continue to develop and launch
                              directly with other investment managers for AUM. Our
                                                                                                           innovative products and strategic investment planning
                              products compete with stocks, bonds and other asset
                                                                                                           tools to assist advisors in building optimized portfolios
                              classes for a share of clients’ investment assets.
                                                                                                           for clients.
                              Competition from other financial service providers,
                              alternative product types or delivery channels, and                          Enduring Client Relationships
                              changes in regulations or public preferences could
                                                                                                           IGM Financial enjoys significant advantages as a result of
                              impact the characteristics of our product and service
                                                                                                           the enduring relationships that advisors have developed
                              offerings, including pricing, product structures, dealer
                                                                                                           with clients. In addition, our subsidiaries have strong
                              and advisor compensation and disclosure. We monitor
                                                                                                           heritages and cultures which are challenging for
                              developments on an ongoing basis, and engage in
                                                                                                           competitors to replicate.
                              policy discussions and develop product and service




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                              responses as appropriate.                                                    Part of the Power Corporation Group of Companies
                              IGM Financial continues to focus on our commitment                           As part of the Power Corporation group of companies,
                              to provide quality investment advice and financial                           IGM Financial benefits through expense savings from
                              products, service innovations, effective and responsible                     shared service arrangements, as well as through access to
                              management of the Company and long-term value                                distribution, products and capital.
                              for our clients and shareholders. This includes efforts




                                                                    IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 THIRD QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                71
                                   C  68                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Critical Accounting Estimates and Policies
Summary of Critical Accounting Estimates                                                 Changes in Accounting Policies
There were no changes to the Company’s assumptions                                       IGM Financial has not adopted any changes in
related to critical accounting estimates from those                                      accounting policies in 2025.
reported at December 31, 2024, except as follows:
• Employee Benefits – The International Financial                                        Future Accounting Changes
  Reporting Interpretation Committee’s The Limit on a                                    The Company continuously monitors the changes
  Defined Benefit Asset, Minimum Funding Requirements,                                   proposed by the International Accounting Standards
  and their Interaction (IFRIC 14) requires a company                                    Board (IASB) and analyzes the effect that changes in the
  to limit the defined benefit asset, when a defined                                     standards may have on the Company’s operations.
  benefit plan is in a net asset position, to the future
                                                                                         The IASB is currently undertaking a number of projects
  economic benefit received through future contribution
                                                                                         which will result in changes to existing IFRS standards
  reductions (asset ceiling). As a result of IFRIC 14, the
                                                                                         that may affect the Company. Updates will be provided
  Company was limited to recording an accrued benefit
                                                                                         as the projects develop.
  asset of $99.9 million on its defined benefit pension
  plan resulting in an unrecorded accrued benefit asset
  of $36.0 million.




Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
During the third quarter of 2025, there have been no
changes in the Company’s internal control over financial
reporting that have materially affected, or are reasonably
likely to materially affect, the Company’s internal control
over financial reporting.




                                                                                                                                                    PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.




72   IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 THIRD QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                      C  69
                              Other Information
                              Transactions with Related Parties                                         Outstanding Share Data
                              There were no changes to the types of related party                       Outstanding common shares of IGM Financial as at
                              transactions from those reported at December 31,                          September 30, 2025 totalled 236,567,938. Outstanding
                              2024. For further information on transactions involving                   stock options as at September 30, 2025 totalled 6,253,049
                              related parties, see Notes 3, 10 and 28 to the Company’s                  of which 3,479,899 were exercisable. As at October 31,
                              Consolidated Financial Statements included in the 2024                    2025, outstanding common shares totalled 236,228,799
                              IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report.                                         and outstanding stock options totalled 6,151,810 of
                                                                                                        which 3,379,038 were exercisable.

                                                                                                        SEDAR
                                                                                                        Additional information relating to IGM Financial,
                                                                                                        including the Company’s most recent financial
                                                                                                        statements and Annual Information Form, is available
                                                                                                        at www.sedarplus.ca.




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.




                                                                 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 THIRD QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                73
                                  C  70                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Interim Condensed Consolidated
Financial Statements
Consolidated Statements of Earnings
(unaudited) (in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share amounts)
                                                                                                                Three months ended             Nine months ended
                                                                                                                      September 30                  September 30
                                                                                                                  2025        2024              2025        2024
Revenues
 Wealth management (Note 3)                                                                             $      696,756 $     616,037    $ 1,985,696 $ 1,788,648

 Asset management                                                                                              270,686       253,333         782,434        741,045
 Dealer compensation expense                                                                                   (86,192)      (82,778)       (253,593)      (243,942)
 Net asset management (Note 3)                                                                                 184,494       170,555         528,841        497,103

 Net investment income and other                                                                                 13,390       10,106          32,787         35,703
 Proportionate share of associates’ earnings (Note 7)                                                            77,240       56,455         193,075        159,670
                                                                                                               971,880       853,153        2,740,399     2,481,124
Expenses
 Advisory and business development                                                                             309,139       278,250         915,190        822,404
 Operations and support                                                                                        221,106       211,405         650,733        621,196
 Sub-advisory                                                                                                   23,821        19,978          67,229         56,882
 Interest                                                                                                       32,399        32,438          96,633         96,916
                                                                                                               586,465       542,071        1,729,785     1,597,398
Earnings before income taxes                                                                                   385,415       311,082        1,010,614       883,726
Income taxes                                                                                                    87,027        71,229          228,205       201,816
Net earnings                                                                                                   298,388       239,853         782,409        681,910
Non-controlling interest (Note 7)                                                                                 (299)         (672)         (3,834)        (3,157)
Net earnings available to common shareholders                                                           $      298,089 $     239,181    $    778,575 $      678,753
Earnings per share (in dollars) (Note 15)
 Net earnings available to common shareholders
  – Basic                                                                                               $           1.26 $      1.01    $        3.29 $           2.86
  – Diluted                                                                                             $           1.26 $      1.01    $        3.28 $           2.86
(See accompanying notes to interim condensed consolidated financial statements)




                                                                                                                                                                         PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.




74    IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 THIRD QUARTER REPORT | INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                 C  71
                              Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income
                              (unaudited) (in thousands of Canadian dollars)
                                                                                                                                        Three months ended                              Nine months ended
                                                                                                                                              September 30                                   September 30
                                                                                                                                          2025        2024                               2025        2024

                              Net earnings                                                                                      $      298,388 $             239,853           $      782,409 $    681,910

                              Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax
                               Items that will not be reclassified to Net earnings
                                 Fair value through other comprehensive income investments
                                  Other comprehensive income (loss) (Note 4), net of tax of $(92,658),
                                  $(50,946), $(129,420) and $(80,040)                                                                  593,693               326,431                  836,767      519,314
                                 Employee benefits
                                  Net actuarial gains (losses), net of tax of $7,946, $2,096, $3,257
                                  and $(13,849)                                                                                         (21,628)               (5,711)                  (8,864)     37,709
                                 Investment in associates – employee benefits and other
                                  Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax of nil                                                     1,183                   974                  1,968        3,514

                               Items that may be reclassified subsequently to Net earnings
                                 Investment in associates and other
                                  Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax of $(5,703), $(723),
                                  $1,307 and $(2,248)                                                                                    63,166                35,244                  (31,884)     77,696
                                                                                                                                       636,414               356,938                  797,987      638,233
                              Total comprehensive income                                                                               934,802               596,791                 1,580,396    1,320,143
                              Non-controlling interest                                                                                      (299)                 (672)                 (3,834)      (3,157)
                              Total comprehensive income available to common shareholders                                       $      934,503 $             596,119           $ 1,576,562 $ 1,316,986
                              (See accompanying notes to interim condensed consolidated financial statements)




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.




                                                          IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 THIRD QUARTER REPORT | INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                                          75
                                    C  72                                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Consolidated Balance Sheets
(unaudited) (in thousands of Canadian dollars)
                                                                                                                                 September 30     December 31
                                                                                                                                        2025            2024
Assets
Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                    $      1,042,932 $         910,278
Other investments (Note 4)                                                                                                          2,440,209         1,468,457
Client funds on deposit                                                                                                             2,722,225         3,723,661
Accounts and other receivables                                                                                                        299,930           268,413
Income taxes recoverable                                                                                                               27,085             1,281
Loans (Note 5)                                                                                                                      5,311,961         5,462,405
Derivative financial instruments                                                                                                       44,533            36,022
Other assets                                                                                                                          214,447           187,139
Investment in associates (Note 7)                                                                                                   4,111,034         3,979,744
Capital assets                                                                                                                        320,567           309,119
Capitalized sales commissions                                                                                                         430,736           418,996
Deferred income taxes                                                                                                                   2,010             3,486
Intangible assets                                                                                                                   1,283,971         1,277,200
Goodwill                                                                                                                            2,636,771         2,636,771
Total assets                                                                                                                 $     20,888,411 $      20,682,972

Liabilities
Accounts payable and accrued liabilities                                                                                     $        488,208 $         492,326
Income taxes payable                                                                                                                   24,194            33,464
Derivative financial instruments                                                                                                       18,587            25,721
Client deposits                                                                                                                     2,701,760         3,702,514
Other liabilities                                                                                                                     494,946           409,524
Obligations to securitization entities (Note 6)                                                                                     4,912,718         5,024,916
Lease obligations                                                                                                                     157,382           160,804
Deferred income taxes                                                                                                                 705,177           563,297
Long-term debt                                                                                                                      2,400,000         2,400,000
Total liabilities                                                                                                                  11,902,972        12,812,566

Equity
Share capital
 Common shares                                                                                                                      1,851,290         1,785,233
Contributed surplus                                                                                                                    51,907            54,589
Retained earnings                                                                                                                   5,140,978         4,890,896
Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)                                                                                       1,849,149         1,070,057
Total shareholders’ equity                                                                                                          8,893,324         7,800,775
Non-controlling interest                                                                                                               92,115            69,631
Total equity                                                                                                                        8,985,439         7,870,406




                                                                                                                                                                  PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
Total liabilities and equity                                                                                                 $     20,888,411 $      20,682,972
These interim condensed consolidated financial statements were approved and authorized for issuance by the Board of Directors on November 6, 2025.
(See accompanying notes to interim condensed consolidated financial statements)




76    IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 THIRD QUARTER REPORT | INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                           C  73
                              Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity
                              (unaudited) (in thousands of Canadian dollars)
                                                                                                                                                           Accumulated
                                                                                                Share                                                             other
                                                                                               capital                                                          compre-
                                                                                          – Common                                                               hensive                   Non-
                                                                                               shares           Contributed              Retained          income (loss)             controlling       Total
                              Nine months ended September 30                                 (Note 9)                surplus             earnings              (Note 12)                interest      equity
                              2025
                              Balance, beginning of period                              $ 1,785,233 $                  54,589 $ 4,890,896 $ 1,070,057 $                                 69,631 $ 7,870,406
                              Net earnings                                                               –                     –           778,575                    –                   3,834     782,409
                              Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax                              –                     –                 –              797,987                       –     797,987
                              Total comprehensive income (loss)                                          –                     –           778,575              797,987                   3,834    1,580,396
                              Common shares
                                Issued under stock option plan                                   93,607                        –                     –                    –                   –       93,607
                                Purchased for cancellation                                      (27,550)                       –                     –                    –                   –      (27,550)
                              Stock options
                                Current period expense                                                   –               2,682                   –                        –                  –         2,682
                                Exercised                                                                –              (5,364)                  –                        –                  –        (5,364)
                              Common share dividends                                                     –                   –            (399,104)                       –                  –     (399,104)
                              Dividends to non-controlling interest                                      –                   –                   –                        –             (1,750)       (1,750)
                              Issuance of non-controlling interest (Note 7)                              –                   –                   –                        –             20,400       20,400
                              Transfer out of fair value through other
                              comprehensive income                                                       –                     –            18,895               (18,895)                     –           –
                              Common share cancellation excess and other                                 –                     –          (148,284)                    –                      –    (148,284)
                              Balance, end of period                                    $ 1,851,290 $                  51,907 $ 5,140,978 $ 1,849,149 $                                 92,115 $ 8,985,439

                              2024
                              Balance, beginning of period                              $ 1,690,626 $                  57,926 $ 4,595,620 $                     316,290 $               59,946 $ 6,720,408
                              Net earnings                                                               –                     –           678,753                    –                   3,157     681,910
                              Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax                              –                     –                 –              638,233                       –     638,233
                              Total comprehensive income (loss)                                          –                     –           678,753              638,233                   3,157    1,320,143
                              Common shares
                               Issued under stock option plan                                    21,803                        –                     –                    –                   –       21,803
                               Purchased for cancellation                                       (14,735)                       –                     –                    –                   –      (14,735)
                              Stock options
                               Current period expense                                                    –               2,532                   –                        –                   –         2,532
                               Exercised                                                                 –              (1,021)                  –                        –                   –        (1,021)
                              Common share dividends                                                     –                   –            (400,086)                       –                   –     (400,086)
                              Dividends to non-controlling interest                                      –                   –                   –                        –              (2,240)       (2,240)
                              Transfer out of fair value through other
                              comprehensive income                                                       –                     –                 (38)                    38                   –            –
                              Common share cancellation excess and other                                 –                     –            (64,789)                      –                   –      (64,789)




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                              Balance, end of period                                    $ 1,697,694 $                  59,437 $ 4,809,460 $                     954,561 $               60,863 $ 7,582,015
                              (See accompanying notes to interim condensed consolidated financial statements)




                                                          IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 THIRD QUARTER REPORT | INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                                            77
                                    C  74                                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
(unaudited) (in thousands of Canadian dollars)
Nine months ended September 30                                                                                                        2025             2024
Operating activities
 Earnings before income taxes                                                                                               $ 1,010,614 $         883,726
 Income taxes paid                                                                                                             (236,606)         (142,925)
 Adjustments to determine net cash from operating activities
  Capitalized sales commission amortization                                                                                         85,147         78,210
  Capitalized sales commissions paid                                                                                               (92,453)       (95,247)
  Amortization of capital, intangible and other assets                                                                              73,533         68,947
  Proportionate share of associates’ earnings, net of dividends received                                                           (77,811)       (41,984)
  Pension and other post-employment benefits                                                                                         3,919          7,591
  Changes in operating assets and liabilities and other                                                                            (72,860)        49,969
  Cash from operating activities before restructuring provision payments                                                          693,483        808,287
  Restructuring provision cash payments                                                                                           (10,124)       (23,575)
                                                                                                                                  683,359        784,712
Financing activities
 Net increase in client certificates                                                                                                      –              5
 Increase in obligations to securitization entities                                                                              1,082,041      1,163,878
 Repayments of obligations to securitization entities and other                                                                 (1,200,002)    (1,011,115)
 Repayment of lease obligations                                                                                                     (14,840)       (19,325)
 Issue of common shares                                                                                                              88,243         20,782
 Common shares purchased for cancellation                                                                                         (164,264)        (75,786)
 Common share dividends paid                                                                                                      (399,820)      (400,924)
                                                                                                                                 (608,642)       (322,485)
Investing activities
 Purchase of other investments                                                                                                    (109,441)        (86,619)
 Proceeds from the sale of other investments                                                                                         95,303         64,294
 Increase in loans                                                                                                              (1,480,180)    (1,128,856)
 Repayment of loans and other                                                                                                    1,631,020        862,632
 Net additions to capital assets                                                                                                    (28,857)       (15,331)
 Net cash used in additions to intangible assets and other                                                                          (49,908)       (62,848)
                                                                                                                                    57,937       (366,728)
Increase in cash and cash equivalents                                                                                             132,654         95,499
Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period                                                                                    910,278        544,633
Cash and cash equivalents, end of period                                                                                    $ 1,042,932 $        640,132

Cash                                                                                                                        $     684,654 $      525,100
Cash equivalents                                                                                                                  358,278        115,032
                                                                                                                            $ 1,042,932 $        640,132




                                                                                                                                                              PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information related to operating activities
 Interest and dividends received                                                                                            $     286,938 $      278,207
 Interest paid                                                                                                              $     230,002 $      220,991
(See accompanying notes to interim condensed consolidated financial statements)




78    IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 THIRD QUARTER REPORT | INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                      C  75
                              Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
                              September 30, 2025 (unaudited) (in thousands of Canadian dollars, except shares and per share amounts)


                              Note 1. Corporate information

                              IGM Financial Inc. (the Company) is a publicly listed company (TSX: IGM), incorporated and domiciled in Canada.
                              The registered address of the Company is 447 Portage Avenue, Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada. The Company is
                              controlled by Power Corporation of Canada (Power).
                              IGM Financial Inc. is a wealth and asset management company which serves the financial needs of Canadians
                              through its principal subsidiaries, each operating distinctly within the advice segment of the financial services market.
                              The Company’s wholly-owned principal subsidiaries are IGWM Inc. (formerly Investors Group Inc.) and Mackenzie
                              Financial Corporation (Mackenzie).


                              Note 2. Summary of material accounting policies

                              The unaudited Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements of the Company (Interim Financial Statements)
                              have been prepared in accordance with International Accounting Standard 34, Interim Financial Reporting, using the
                              accounting policies as set out in Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended December 31,
                              2024. The Interim Financial Statements should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements in
                              the 2024 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report.

                              Future accounting changes
                              The Company continuously monitors changes proposed by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) and
                              analyzes the effect that changes in the standards may have on the Company’s operations.


                              Note 3. Revenues from contracts with customers

                                                                                                                             Three months ended                             Nine months ended
                                                                                                                                   September 30                                  September 30
                                                                                                                                2025                 2024                    2025        2024
                              Advisory fees                                                                         $      368,098 $             328,627           $ 1,056,456 $      952,992
                              Product and program fees                                                                     281,638               251,035               802,390        723,369
                                                                                                                           649,736               579,662                 1,858,846   1,676,361
                              Other financial planning revenues                                                             47,020                36,375                   126,850     112,287
                              Wealth management                                                                            696,756               616,037                 1,985,696   1,788,648
                              Asset management                                                                             270,686               253,333                  782,434      741,045
                              Dealer compensation expense                                                                  (86,192)              (82,778)                (253,593)    (243,942)




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                              Net asset management                                                                         184,494               170,555                  528,841     497,103
                              Net revenues from contracts with customers                                            $      881,250 $             786,592           $ 2,514,537 $ 2,285,751

                              Wealth management revenue is earned by providing financial planning, investment advisory and related financial
                              services. Advisory fees, related to financial planning, are associated with assets under management and advisement.
                              Product and program fees, related to investment management and administration services, are associated with
                              assets under management. Other financial planning revenues include insurance, banking products and services,
                              and mortgage lending activities.
                              Asset management revenue, related to investment management advisory and administrative services, depends
                              on the level and composition of assets under management.


                                        IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 THIRD QUARTER REPORT | NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                                  79
                                   C  76                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Note 4. Other investments

                                                                                                              September 30, 2025                    December 31, 2024
                                                                                                                 Cost       Fair value               Cost        Fair value
Fair value through other comprehensive income (FVTOCI)
 Corporate investments                                                                               $      296,840 $ 2,301,654             $     289,904 $ 1,350,376
Fair value through profit or loss (FVTPL)
 Equity securities                                                                                            1,822             2,226               1,772           1,974
 Proprietary investment funds                                                                               128,034           136,329             107,782         116,107
                                                                                                            129,856           138,555             109,554         118,081
                                                                                                     $      426,696 $ 2,440,209             $     399,458 $ 1,468,457

Wealthsimple Financial Corp. (Wealthsimple) is a financial company that provides simple digital tools for growing and
managing client money. The Company’s investment in Wealthsimple is primarily held through a limited partnership
controlled by Power. The investment is classified at FVTOCI. IGM Financial Inc. holds a 26.0% economic interest in
Wealthsimple (December 31, 2024 – 27.2%).
At September 30, 2025, the Company increased the fair value of its investment in Wealthsimple to $2,156 million
(December 31, 2024 – $1,219 million). The increase in fair value considers a transaction involving multiple third parties
which closed on October 31, 2025, the increase in public market peer valuations, as well as Wealthsimple’s business
performance and revenue expectations. Fair value is determined by using observable transactions in the investments’
securities where available, discounted cash flows, and other valuation metrics, including revenue multiples used in the
valuation of comparable public companies.


Note 5. Loans

                                                                                                         Contractual maturity
                                                                                                                                        September 30          December 31
                                                                                     1 year                 1–5             Over               2025                 2024
                                                                                     or less                years         5 years              Total                Total
Amortized cost
 Residential mortgages                                                        $ 1,402,710          $ 3,870,505           $ 11,817   $      5,285,032      $      5,463,188
Less: Allowance for expected credit losses                                                                                                        705                   783
                                                                                                                                           5,284,327             5,462,405
Fair value through profit or loss                                                                                                               27,634                     –
                                                                                                                                    $      5,311,961      $      5,462,405
The change in the allowance for expected credit losses is
as follows:
  Balance, beginning of period                                                                                                      $             783     $             737
  Write-offs, net of recoveries                                                                                                                   (157)                 (111)




                                                                                                                                                                                PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
  Change in expected credit losses                                                                                                                 79                   157
  Balance, end of period                                                                                                            $             705     $             783

Total credit impaired loans as at September 30, 2025 were $4.9 million (December 31, 2024 – $3.5 million).
Total interest income on loans was $162.5 million (2024 – $151.1 million). Total interest expense on obligations to
securitization entities, related to securitized loans, was $140.4 million (2024 – $125.3 million). Gains realized on the sale
of residential mortgages totalled $4.0 million (2024 – $0.5 million). Fair value adjustments related to mortgage banking
operations totalled negative $1.9 million (2024 – negative $9.5 million). These amounts were included in Wealth
management revenue. Wealth management revenue also includes other mortgage banking related items including
portfolio insurance, issue costs, and other items.



80 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 THIRD QUARTER REPORT | NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                           P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                          C  77
                              Note 6. Securitizations

                              The Company securitizes residential mortgages through the Canada Mortgage and Housing Corporation (CMHC)
                              sponsored National Housing Act Mortgage-Backed Securities (NHA MBS) Program and Canada Mortgage Bond (CMB)
                              Program and through Canadian bank-sponsored asset-backed commercial paper (ABCP) programs. These transactions
                              do not meet the requirements for derecognition as the Company retains prepayment risk and certain elements of
                              credit risk. Accordingly, the Company has retained these mortgages on its balance sheets and has recorded offsetting
                              liabilities for the net proceeds received as Obligations to securitization entities which are recorded at amortized cost.
                              The Company earns interest on the mortgages and pays interest on the obligations to securitization entities. As part of
                              the CMB transactions, the Company enters into a swap transaction whereby the Company pays coupons on CMBs and
                              receives investment returns on the NHA MBS and the reinvestment of repaid mortgage principal. A component of this
                              swap, related to the obligation to pay CMB coupons and receive investment returns on repaid mortgage principal,
                              and the hedging swap used to manage exposure to changes in variable rate investment returns, are recorded as
                              derivatives with a fair value of negative $2.6 million at September 30, 2025 (December 31, 2024 – negative $7.9 million).
                              All mortgages securitized under the NHA MBS and CMB Program are insured by CMHC or another approved insurer
                              under the program. As part of the ABCP transactions, the Company has provided cash reserves for credit enhancement
                              which are recorded at cost. Credit risk is limited to these cash reserves and future net interest income as the ABCP Trusts
                              have no recourse to the Company’s other assets for failure to make payments when due.
                                                                                                                                                                        Obligations
                                                                                                                                                                                    to
                                                                                                                                                Securitized             securitization
                                                                                                                                                mortgages                   entities            Net
                              September 30, 2025
                              Carrying value
                               NHA MBS and CMB Program                                                                                        $ 2,576,104             $ 2,573,472        $     2,632
                               Bank sponsored ABCP                                                                                              2,274,408               2,339,246            (64,838)
                               Total                                                                                                          $ 4,850,512             $ 4,912,718        $   (62,206)
                              Fair value                                                                                                      $ 4,977,369             $ 5,057,384        $   (80,015)

                              December 31, 2024
                              Carrying value
                               NHA MBS and CMB Program                                                                                        $ 2,494,701             $ 2,475,814        $   18,887
                               Bank sponsored ABCP                                                                                              2,551,546               2,549,102             2,444
                               Total                                                                                                          $ 5,046,247             $ 5,024,916        $   21,331
                              Fair value                                                                                                      $ 5,078,431             $ 5,098,441        $   (20,010)

                              The carrying value of Obligations to securitization entities, which is recorded net of issue costs, includes principal
                              payments received on securitized mortgages that are not due to be settled until after the reporting period. Issue
                              costs are amortized over the life of the obligation on an effective interest rate basis.




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.




                                           IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 THIRD QUARTER REPORT | NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                                     81
                                   C  78                                      P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Note 7. Investment in associates

                                                                              Lifeco        ChinaAMC             Rockefeller          Northleaf            Other            Total
September 30, 2025
Balance, beginning of period                                       $      633,475 $ 2,030,081 $                      903,208 $         353,565 $          59,415 $ 3,979,744
Additions                                                                        –          –                              –           102,000                 –     102,000
Dividends                                                                  (40,510)   (66,004)                             –            (8,750)                –    (115,264)
Proportionate share of:
 Earnings (losses)                                                          68,409              106,386                 (2,121)         19,170 (1)         1,231        193,075
 Other comprehensive income (loss) and
 other adjustments                                                            2,265              (17,985)             (29,505)           (3,296)               –        (48,521)
Balance, end of period                                             $      663,639 $ 2,052,478 $                      871,582 $         462,689 $          60,646 $ 4,111,034
September 30, 2024
Balance, beginning of period                                       $      589,288 $ 1,885,223 $                      844,795 $         301,845 $          38,023 $ 3,659,174
Additions                                                                       –           –                             85                 –            21,456      21,541
Dividends                                                                 (36,857)    (72,926)                             –            (7,903)                –    (117,686)
Proportionate share of:
 Earnings (losses)                                                          66,775                88,134              (10,800)          15,786 (1)          (225)       159,670
 Other comprehensive income (loss) and
 other adjustments                                                                (60)            56,152               17,881                 –                –         73,973
Balance, end of period                                             $      619,146 $ 1,956,583 $                      851,961 $         309,728 $          59,254 $ 3,796,672
(1) The Company’s proportionate share of Northleaf’s earnings net of Non-controlling interest was $15,336 (2024 – $12,629).


The Company uses the equity method to account for its investments in associates, which include Great-West Lifeco Inc.
(Lifeco), China Asset Management Co., Ltd. (ChinaAMC), Rockefeller Capital Management (Rockefeller), and Northleaf
Capital Group Ltd. (Northleaf), as it exercises significant influence.

Northleaf
As at September 30, 2025, additional consideration payable in the fourth quarter had an estimated fair value of
$142.0 million (December 31, 2024 – $40.0 million). The change in fair value of $102.0 million during 2025 was
recorded as an adjustment to the cost of the Company’s investment in Northleaf, of which $20.4 million was
attributable to Non-controlling interest.


Note 8. Employee benefits

The registered pension plan continues to be in an accounting surplus. Discount rates have increased to 4.90% from
4.75% at December 31, 2024. The pension assets have increased to $610 million from $593 million at December 31,
2024, while the pension obligation has decreased to $474 million from $476 million at December 31, 2024.
The net accrued benefit asset (liability) recorded in the Consolidated Balance Sheets are:




                                                                                                                                                                                    PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                                                                              September 30, 2025                                            December 31, 2024
                                                                                            Supple-       Other                                           Supple-      Other
                                                                    Defined                mentary         post-                      Defined            mentary         post-
                                                                     benefit              executive     employ-                        benefit          executive    employ-
                                                                    pension              retirement        ment                       pension          retirement        ment
                                                                       plan                    plans    benefits                         plan                plans   benefits
Accrued benefit assets                                        $        99,932        $             –         $           –        $   117,447      $           –    $         –
Accrued benefit liabilities                                                 –                (61,429)              (22,465)                 –            (62,226)       (23,144)
Balance, end of period                                        $        99,932        $       (61,429)        $     (22,465)       $   117,447      $     (62,226)   $   (23,144)




82     IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 THIRD QUARTER REPORT | NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                        C  79
                              The International Financial Reporting Interpretation Committee’s The Limit on a Defined Benefit Asset, Minimum
                              Funding Requirements, and their Interaction (IFRIC 14) requires a company to limit the defined benefit asset, when
                              a defined benefit plan is in a net asset position, to the future economic benefit received through future contribution
                              reductions (asset ceiling). As a result of IFRIC 14, the Company was limited to recording an accrued benefit asset of
                              $99.9 million on its defined benefit pension plan resulting in an unrecorded accrued benefit asset of $36.0 million.
                              The change in the unrecognized amount due to the asset ceiling is as follows:
                                                                                                                                                              September 30 December 31
                                                                                                                                                                      2025       2024
                              Balance, beginning of period                                                                                                  $            – $         –
                              Change in unrecognized amount due to asset ceiling                                                                                    36,040           –
                              Balance, end of period                                                                                                        $            36,040 $                 –


                              Note 9. Share capital

                              Authorized
                                Unlimited number of:
                                 First preferred shares, issuable in series
                                 Second preferred shares, issuable in series
                                 Class 1 non-voting shares
                                 Common shares, no par value

                              Issued and outstanding
                                                                                                                          September 30, 2025                               September 30, 2024
                                                                                                                      Shares            Stated value                     Shares         Stated value
                              Common shares:
                               Balance, beginning of period                                                  237,878,838            $     1,785,233             238,131,738         $     1,690,626
                               Issued under Stock Option Plan                                                  2,309,500                     93,607                 571,168                  21,803
                               Purchased for cancellation                                                     (3,620,400)                   (27,550)             (2,073,400)                (14,735)
                               Balance, end of period                                                        236,567,938            $     1,851,290             236,629,506         $     1,697,694


                              Normal course issuer bid
                              On December 23, 2024, the Company commenced a Normal Course Issuer Bid (NCIB) which will continue until
                              December 22, 2025, when the bid expires, or such earlier date as the Company completes its purchases pursuant to
                              the notice of intention filed with the TSX. Pursuant to this bid, the Company may purchase up to 5.0 million or 2.1%
                              of its common shares outstanding as at December 9, 2024. On December 21, 2023, the Company commenced a
                              NCIB, effective until December 20, 2024, which authorized it to purchase up to 3 million or 1.3% of its common shares
                              outstanding as at December 7, 2023.
                              In the third quarter of 2025, there were 1,061,300 shares (2024 – 694,400) purchased at a cost of $50.6 million




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                              (2024 – $26.7 million). In the nine months ended September 30, 2025, there were 3,620,400 shares (2024 – 2,073,400)
                              purchased at a cost of $164.3 million (2024 – $75.8 million). The premium paid to purchase the shares in excess of the
                              stated value was charged to Retained earnings.
                              In connection with its NCIB, the Company has established an automatic securities purchase plan for its common
                              shares. The automatic securities purchase plan provides standard instructions regarding how IGM Financial’s common
                              shares are to be purchased under the NCIB during certain pre-determined trading blackout periods, subject to
                              pre-established parameters. Outside of these pre-determined trading blackout periods, purchases under the
                              Company’s NCIB will be completed based upon management’s discretion.




                                        IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 THIRD QUARTER REPORT | NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                                        83
                                   C  80                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Note 10. Capital management

The capital management policies, procedures and activities of the Company are discussed in the Capital Resources
section of the Company’s Management’s Discussion and Analysis contained in the Third Quarter 2025 Report to
Shareholders and in Note 20 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in the 2024 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report
and have not changed significantly since December 31, 2024.


Note 11. Share-based payments

Stock option plan
                                                                                                                               September 30            December 31
                                                                                                                                      2025                   2024
Common share options
 – Outstanding                                                                                                                     6,253,049                 8,026,118
 – Exercisable                                                                                                                     3,479,899                 4,786,815

In the third quarter of 2025, the Company did not grant options to employees (2024 – nil). In the nine months ended
September 30, 2025, the Company granted 539,310 options to employees (2024 – 673,814). The weighted-average fair value
of options granted during the nine months ended September 30, 2025, has been estimated at $6.58 per option (2024 –
$4.15) using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. The weighted-average closing share price at the grant date was $45.18.
Other assumptions used in these valuation methods include:
Nine months ended September 30                                                                                                                  2025              2024
Exercise price                                                                                                                             $     44.55       $     35.68
Risk-free interest rate                                                                                                                           3.09%             3.61%
Expected option life                                                                                                                           7 years           7 years
Expected volatility                                                                                                                              24.00%            24.00%
Expected dividend yield                                                                                                                           4.98%             6.33%

Expected volatility has been estimated based on the historic volatility of the Company’s share price over seven years
which is reflective of the expected option life. Options vest over a period of up to 7.5 years from the grant date and
are exercisable no later than 10 years after the grant date.


Note 12. Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)

                                                                                                                                           Investment
                                                                                                                                                     in
                                                                                                           Employee               Other      associates
                                                                                                            benefits        investments     and other                Total
September 30, 2025




                                                                                                                                                                             PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
Balance, beginning of period                                                                           $        34,075 $       917,297 $       118,685 $ 1,070,057
Other comprehensive income (loss)                                                                               (8,864)        836,767         (29,916)    797,987
Transfer out of FVTOCI                                                                                               –         (18,895)              –     (18,895)
Balance, end of period                                                                                 $        25,211 $ 1,735,169 $             88,769 $ 1,849,149

September 30, 2024
Balance, beginning of period                                                                           $       (13,995) $      393,956 $        (63,671) $       316,290
Other comprehensive income (loss)                                                                               37,709         519,314           81,210          638,233
Transfer out of FVTOCI                                                                                               –              38                –               38
Balance, end of period                                                                                 $        23,714 $       913,308 $         17,539 $        954,561

Amounts are recorded net of tax.

84 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 THIRD QUARTER REPORT | NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                          P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                        C  81
                              Note 13. Risk management

                              The risk management policies and procedures of the Company are discussed in the Financial Risk section of the
                              Company’s Management’s Discussion and Analysis contained in the Third Quarter 2025 Report to Shareholders and in
                              Note 23 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in the 2024 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report and have not changed
                              significantly since December 31, 2024.


                              Note 14. Fair value of financial instruments

                              Fair values are management’s estimates and are calculated using market conditions at a specific point in time and
                              may not reflect future fair values. The calculations are subjective in nature, involve uncertainties and are matters of
                              significant judgment.
                              All financial instruments measured at fair value and those for which fair value is disclosed are classified into one of
                              three levels that distinguish fair value measurements by the significance of the inputs used for valuation.
                              Fair value is determined based on the price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability in the
                              most advantageous market, utilizing a hierarchy of three different valuation techniques, based on the lowest level
                              input that is significant to the fair value measurement in its entirety.
                                  Level 1 – Unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities;
                                  Level 2 – Observable inputs other than Level 1 quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets;
                                            quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active; or inputs other
                                            than quoted prices that are observable or corroborated by observable market data; and
                                  Level 3 – Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity. Valuation techniques are primarily
                                            model-based.
                              Markets are considered inactive when transactions are not occurring with sufficient regularity. Inactive markets may
                              be characterized by a significant decline in the volume and level of observed trading activity or through large or
                              erratic bid/offer spreads. In those instances where traded markets are not considered sufficiently active, fair value is
                              measured using valuation models which may utilize predominantly observable market inputs (Level 2) or may utilize
                              predominantly non-observable market inputs (Level 3). Management considers all reasonably available information
                              including indicative broker quotations, any available pricing for similar instruments, recent arm’s length market
                              transactions, any relevant observable market inputs, and internal model-based estimates. Management exercises
                              judgment in determining the most appropriate inputs and the weighting ascribed to each input as well as in the
                              selection of valuation methodologies.
                              Fair value is determined using the following methods and assumptions:
                                Other investments and other financial assets and financial liabilities are valued using quoted prices from active
                                markets, when available. When a quoted market price is not readily available, valuation techniques are used that
                                require assumptions related to discount rates and the timing and amount of future cash flows. Wherever possible,




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                observable market inputs are used in the valuation techniques.

                                Loans classified as Level 2 are valued using market interest rates for loans with similar credit risk and maturity.

                                Loans classified as Level 3 are valued by discounting the expected future cash flows at prevailing market yields.

                                Valuation methods used for Other investments classified as Level 3 include comparison to market transactions with
                                arm’s length third parties, use of market multiples, and discounted cash flow analysis.

                                Obligations to securitization entities are valued by discounting the expected future cash flows at prevailing market
                                yields for securities issued by these securitization entities having similar terms and characteristics.

                                Long-term debt is valued using quoted prices for each debenture available in the market.


                                        IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 THIRD QUARTER REPORT | NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                85
                                   C  82                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
   Derivative financial instruments are valued based on quoted market prices, where available, prevailing market rates
   for instruments with similar characteristics and maturities, or discounted cash flow analysis.

Level 1 financial instruments include exchange-traded equity investments and open-end investment fund units and
other financial liabilities in instances where there are quoted prices available from active markets.
Level 2 assets and liabilities include fixed income securities, loans, derivative financial instruments and long-term
debt. The fair value of fixed income securities is determined using quoted market prices or independent dealer price
quotes. The fair value of derivative financial instruments is determined using valuation models, discounted cash flow
methodologies, or similar techniques using primarily observable market inputs. The fair value of long-term debt is
determined using indicative broker quotes.
Level 3 assets and liabilities include investments with little or no trading activity valued using broker-dealer quotes,
loans, other financial assets, obligations to securitization entities and derivative financial instruments. Derivative
financial instruments consist of principal reinvestment account swaps which represent the component of a swap
entered into under the CMB Program whereby the Company pays coupons on Canada Mortgage Bonds and receives
investment returns on the reinvestment of repaid mortgage principal. Fair value is determined by discounting the
projected cashflows of the swaps. The notional amount, which is an input used to determine the fair value of the
swap, is determined using an average unobservable prepayment rate of 15% which is based on historical prepayment
patterns. An increase (decrease) in the assumed mortgage prepayment rate increases (decreases) the notional
amount of the swap. Level 3 Other investments of $2,302 million are predominantly comprised of early-stage financial
technology companies, including Wealthsimple with a fair value of $2,156 million. Fair value is determined by using
observable transactions in the investments’ securities, where available, discounted cash flows, and other valuation
metrics, including revenue multiples, used in the valuation of comparable public companies. A 5% increase (decrease)
to forecasted cash flows or revenue multiples would result in an increase (decrease) in fair value of the Company’s
investment in Wealthsimple of approximately $108 million.
The following table presents the carrying amounts and fair values of financial assets and financial liabilities, including
their levels in the fair value hierarchy. The table distinguishes between those financial instruments recorded at fair
value and those recorded at amortized cost. The table also excludes fair value information for financial assets and
financial liabilities not measured at fair value if the carrying amount is a reasonable approximation of fair value. These
items include cash and cash equivalents, client funds on deposit, accounts and other receivables, certain other financial
assets, accounts payable and accrued liabilities, client deposits, and certain other financial liabilities.




                                                                                                                              PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.




86 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 THIRD QUARTER REPORT | NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5   C  83
                                                                                                                                                                                                   Fair value
                                                                                                                 Carrying
                                                                                                                    value                  Level 1              Level 2               Level 3           Total
                              September 30, 2025
                              Financial assets recorded at fair value
                               Other investments
                                 – FVTOCI                                                                    $ 2,301,654            $           –         $              –      $ 2,301,654      $ 2,301,654
                                 – FVTPL                                                                         138,555                  138,555                        –                –          138,555
                               Loans
                                 – FVTPL                                                                            27,634                          –            27,634                    –          27,634
                               Derivative financial instruments                                                     44,533                          –            40,328                4,205          44,533
                              Financial assets recorded at amortized cost
                               Loans
                                 – Amortized cost                                                              5,284,327                            –          430,755              4,977,369      5,408,124
                              Financial liabilities recorded at fair value
                               Derivative financial instruments                                                     18,587                          –              8,344              10,243          18,587
                              Financial liabilities recorded at amortized cost
                               Obligations to securitization entities                                          4,912,718                            –                 –             5,057,384      5,057,384
                               Long-term debt                                                                  2,400,000                            –         2,487,268                     –      2,487,268

                              December 31, 2024
                              Financial assets recorded at fair value
                               Other investments
                                 – FVTOCI                                                                    $ 1,350,376            $           –         $           –         $ 1,350,376      $ 1,350,376
                                 – FVTPL                                                                         118,081                  118,081                     –                   –          118,081
                               Derivative financial instruments                                                   36,022                        –                30,212               5,810           36,022
                              Financial assets recorded at amortized cost
                               Loans
                                 – Amortized cost                                                               5,462,405                           –          413,443              5,078,431      5,491,874
                              Financial liabilities recorded at fair value
                               Derivative financial instruments                                                     25,721                          –            16,317                9,404          25,721
                              Financial liabilities recorded at amortized cost
                               Obligations to securitization entities                                           5,024,916                           –                 –             5,098,441      5,098,441
                               Long-term debt                                                                   2,400,000                           –         2,485,403                     –      2,485,403

                              There were no significant transfers between Level 1 and Level 2 in 2025 and 2024.
                              The following table provides a summary of changes in Level 3 assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring
                              basis. There were no transfers in or out of Level 3 in 2025 and 2024.
                                                                                                                              Gains (losses)
                                                                                                                                  included
                                                                                                   Gains (losses)                  in Other             Purchases
                                                                                    Balance         included in              comprehensive                    and                                    Balance
                                                                                  January 1        Net earnings (1)                 income              issuances            Settlements        September 30




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                              September 30, 2025
                              Other investments
                               – FVTOCI                                       $ 1,350,376 $                        – $                966,187 $               10,708 $              25,617 $       2,301,654
                              Derivative financial instruments, net                (3,594)                      (856)                       –                 (1,871)                 (283)           (6,038)

                              September 30, 2024
                              Other investments
                               – FVTOCI                                       $    721,379 $                       – $                599,398 $               20,782 $                 179 $       1,341,380
                               – FVTPL                                              11,429                         –                        –                      –                11,429                 –
                              Derivative financial instruments, net                  7,721                    (7,379)                       –                 (1,630)                2,417            (3,705)
                              (1) Included in Wealth management revenue or Net investment income and other in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.




                                           IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 THIRD QUARTER REPORT | NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                                              87
                                    C  84                                             P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Note 15. Earnings per common share

                                                                                                                         Three months ended         Nine months ended
                                                                                                                               September 30              September 30
                                                                                                                               2025       2024        2025             2024
Earnings
 Net earnings                                                                                                     $      298,388 $ 239,853 $        782,409 $ 681,910
 Non-controlling interest                                                                                                   (299)     (672)          (3,834)   (3,157)
 Net earnings available to common shareholders                                                                    $      298,089 $ 239,181 $        778,575 $ 678,753
Number of common shares (in thousands)
 Weighted average number of common shares outstanding                                                                    236,199        236,553     236,632          237,280
 Add: Potential exercise of outstanding stock options(1)                                                                     970            378         759              221
 Average number of common shares outstanding – diluted basis                                                             237,169        236,931     237,391          237,501
Earnings per common share (in dollars)
 Basic                                                                                                            $            1.26 $      1.01 $      3.29 $           2.86
 Diluted                                                                                                          $            1.26 $      1.01 $      3.28 $           2.86
(1) Excludes 29 thousand shares for the three months ended September 30, 2025, related to outstanding stock options that were anti-dilutive (2024 – 605 thousand).
    Excludes 74 thousand shares for the nine months ended September 30, 2025, related to outstanding stock options that were anti-dilutive (2024 – 983 thousand).




Note 16. Contingent liabilities

The Company is subject to legal actions arising in the normal course of its business. In December 2018, a proposed
class action was filed in the Ontario Superior Court against Mackenzie Financial Corporation (Mackenzie) which alleges
that the company should not have paid mutual fund trailing commissions to order execution only dealers. This action
was certified in January 2024. In August 2022, a second proposed class action concerning the same subject matter was
filed against Mackenzie.
In late March 2023, the Company was notified by one of our third-party vendors, InvestorCOM Inc., that they were
compromised due to a cybersecurity incident related to a technology supplier to InvestorCOM, GoAnywhere. The
Company has notified impacted clients and offered credit monitoring at no cost for all clients. Four proposed class
actions have been filed against Mackenzie concerning this incident.
Although it is difficult to predict the outcome of any such legal actions, based on current knowledge, management
does not expect the outcome of any of these matters, individually or in aggregate, to have a material adverse effect
on the Company’s consolidated financial position.


Note 17. Segmented information

The Company’s reportable segments are:
• Wealth Management




                                                                                                                                                                               PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
• Asset Management
• Corporate and Other
These segments reflect the Company’s internal financial reporting and performance measurement.
• Wealth Management – reflects the activities of its core business and strategic investments that are principally focused
  on providing financial planning and related services to retail client households. This segment includes the activities
  of IG Wealth Management which is a retail distribution organization that serves Canadian households through its
  securities dealer, mutual fund dealer and other subsidiaries licensed to distribute financial products and services.
  A majority of the revenues of this segment are derived from providing financial advice and distributing financial
  products and services to Canadian households. This segment also includes the investment management activities
  of these organizations, including mutual fund management and discretionary portfolio management services. This


88 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 THIRD QUARTER REPORT | NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                   C  85
                                 segment also includes the Company’s strategic investments in Rockefeller and Wealthsimple. Rockefeller is classified
                                 as an investment in associate and accounted for using the equity method, with the proportionate share of earnings
                                 included in revenue. Wealthsimple is classified as an investment which is accounted for at FVTOCI and therefore has
                                 no impact on the segment earnings.
                              • Asset Management – reflects the activities of its core business and strategic investments primarily focused on
                                providing investment management services. This segment includes the operations of Mackenzie Investments
                                which provides investment management services to a suite of investment funds that are distributed through third
                                party dealers and financial advisors, and through institutional advisory mandates to financial institutions, pensions
                                and other institutional investors. This segment also includes the Company’s strategic investment in ChinaAMC
                                and Northleaf which are classified as investments in associates and accounted for using the equity method. The
                                proportionate share of earnings on these investments are included in the segment’s revenue.
                              • Corporate and Other – primarily represents investments in Lifeco and Portage Ventures LPs, the Company’s
                                unallocated capital, as well as consolidation elimination entries.

                              2025
                                                                                                   Wealth                Asset             Corporate                  Total
                              Three months ended September 30                                  Management          Management              and Other               Segment          Adjustments (1)      Total
                              Revenues
                               Wealth management                                           $      700,746 $                       – $           (3,990) $          696,756 $                   – $    696,756

                               Asset management                                                             –           298,220               (27,534)             270,686                     –      270,686
                               Dealer compensation                                                          –           (84,573)                (1,619)            (86,192)                    –      (86,192)
                               Net asset management                                                         –           213,647               (29,153)             184,494                     –      184,494

                               Net investment income and other                                        2,075                6,650                4,665                13,390                   –        13,390
                               Proportionate share of associates’ earnings                            3,202               47,618               29,519                80,339              (3,099)       77,240
                                                                                                  706,023               267,915                  1,041             974,979               (3,099)      971,880
                              Expenses
                               Advisory and business development                                  287,114                 22,027                    (2)            309,139                     –      309,139
                               Operations and support                                             122,214                 98,212                  680              221,106                     –      221,106
                               Sub-advisory                                                        55,378                  1,586              (33,143)              23,821                     –       23,821
                                                                                                  464,706               121,825               (32,465)             554,066                     –      554,066
                                                                                                  241,317               146,090                33,506              420,913               (3,099)      417,814
                              Interest expense(2)                                                  25,887                 6,512                     –               32,399                    –        32,399
                              Earnings before income taxes                                        215,430               139,578                33,506              388,514               (3,099)      385,415
                              Income taxes                                                         57,283                28,665                 1,079               87,027                    –        87,027
                                                                                                  158,147               110,913                32,427              301,487               (3,099)      298,388
                              Non-controlling interest                                                  –                  (299)                    –                 (299)                   –          (299)
                                                                                           $      158,147 $             110,614 $              32,427              301,188               (3,099)      298,089
                              Lifeco other items    (1)
                                                                                                                                                                      (3,099)             3,099             –
                              Net earnings available to common shareholders                                                                                 $      298,089 $                   – $    298,089




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                              (1) The proportionate share of Lifeco other items is not related to a specific segment and therefore excluded from segment results. This item has been adjusted to
                                  reconcile Total Segment results to the Company’s Consolidated Statements of Earnings.
                              (2) Interest expense includes interest on long-term debt and interest on leases.




                                           IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 THIRD QUARTER REPORT | NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                                              89
                                     C  86                                                P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
2024
                                                                          Wealth                Asset             Corporate             Total
Three months ended September 30                                       Management          Management              and Other          Segment     Adjustments (1)           Total
Revenues
 Wealth management                                                $      618,547 $                       – $           (2,510) $     616,037 $              – $      616,037

  Asset management                                                                 –           280,393               (27,060)        253,333                –        253,333
  Dealer compensation                                                              –           (81,756)                (1,022)       (82,778)               –        (82,778)
  Net asset management                                                             –           198,637               (28,082)        170,555                –        170,555

  Net investment income and other                                            1,034                4,999                4,073          10,106               –          10,106
  Proportionate share of associates’ earnings                                 (174)              36,269               25,230          61,325          (4,870)         56,455
                                                                         619,407               239,905                 (1,289)       858,023          (4,870)        853,153
Expenses
 Advisory and business development                                       258,461                 19,791                    (2)       278,250                –        278,250
 Operations and support                                                  115,286                 95,550                  569         211,405                –        211,405
 Sub-advisory                                                             49,130                  1,441              (30,593)         19,978                –         19,978
                                                                         422,877               116,782               (30,026)        509,633                –        509,633
                                                                         196,530               123,123                28,737         348,390          (4,870)        343,520
Interest expense(2)                                                       25,887                 6,551                     –          32,438               –          32,438
Earnings before income taxes                                             170,643               116,572                28,737         315,952          (4,870)        311,082
Income taxes                                                              45,796                24,499                   934          71,229               –          71,229
                                                                         124,847                 92,073               27,803         244,723          (4,870)        239,853
Non-controlling interest                                                       –                   (672)                   –            (672)              –            (672)

                                                                  $      124,847 $               91,401 $             27,803         244,051          (4,870)        239,181
Lifeco other items    (1)
                                                                                                                                       (4,870)         4,870                  –
Net earnings available to common shareholders                                                                                    $   239,181 $              – $      239,181
(1) The proportionate share of Lifeco other items is not related to a specific segment and therefore excluded from segment results. This item has been adjusted to
    reconcile Total Segment results to the Company’s Consolidated Statements of Earnings.
(2) Interest expense includes interest on long-term debt and interest on leases.




                                                                                                                                                                                   PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.




90 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 THIRD QUARTER REPORT | NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                        C  87
                              2025
                                                                                                   Wealth                Asset             Corporate                  Total
                              Nine months ended September 30                                   Management          Management              and Other               Segment          Adjustments (1)       Total
                              Revenues
                               Wealth management                                           $ 1,996,581 $                          – $         (10,885) $ 1,985,696 $                           – $ 1,985,696

                               Asset management                                                             –           862,758               (80,324)             782,434                     –       782,434
                               Dealer compensation                                                          –          (249,175)                (4,418)           (253,593)                    –      (253,593)
                               Net asset management                                                         –           613,583               (84,742)             528,841                     –       528,841

                               Net investment income and other                                        6,301              13,126                13,360               32,787                    –         32,787
                               Proportionate share of associates’ earnings                             (890)            125,556                81,470              206,136              (13,061)       193,075
                                                                                                2,001,992               752,265                    (797)         2,753,460              (13,061)      2,740,399
                              Expenses
                               Advisory and business development                                  845,625                69,571                     (6)            915,190                     –       915,190
                               Operations and support                                             356,243               292,186                 2,304              650,733                     –       650,733
                               Sub-advisory                                                       158,489                 4,367               (95,627)              67,229                     –        67,229
                                                                                                1,360,357               366,124               (93,329)           1,633,152                     –      1,633,152
                                                                                                  641,635               386,141                92,532            1,120,308              (13,061)      1,107,247
                              Interest expense(2)                                                  77,167                19,466                     –               96,633                    –          96,633
                              Earnings before income taxes                                        564,468               366,675                92,532            1,023,675              (13,061)      1,010,614
                              Income taxes                                                        151,200                74,013                 2,992              228,205                    –         228,205
                                                                                                  413,268               292,662                89,540              795,470              (13,061)       782,409
                              Non-controlling interest                                                  –                (3,834)                    –               (3,834)                   –         (3,834)
                                                                                           $      413,268 $             288,828 $              89,540              791,636              (13,061)       778,575
                              Lifeco other items(1)                                                                                                                 (13,061)             13,061              –
                              Net earnings available to common shareholders                                                                                 $      778,575 $                   – $     778,575

                              Identifiable assets                                          $ 12,621,264 $ 4,071,632 $ 1,558,744 $ 18,251,640 $                                                 – $ 18,251,640
                              Goodwill                                                          1,346,245            1,290,526                          –        2,636,771                     –      2,636,771
                              Total assets                                                 $ 13,967,509 $ 5,362,158 $ 1,558,744 $ 20,888,411 $                                                 – $ 20,888,411
                              (1) The proportionate share of Lifeco other items is not related to a specific segment and therefore excluded from segment results. This item has been adjusted to
                                  reconcile Total Segment results to the Company’s Consolidated Statements of Earnings.
                              (2) Interest expense includes interest on long-term debt and interest on leases.




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.




                                           IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 THIRD QUARTER REPORT | NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                                                91
                                     C  88                                                P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
2024
                                                                         Wealth                Asset             Corporate               Total
Nine months ended September 30                                       Management          Management              and Other            Segment     Adjustments (1)           Total
Revenues
 Wealth management                                               $ 1,795,284 $                          – $           (6,636) $ 1,788,648 $                  – $ 1,788,648

 Asset management                                                                 –           819,808               (78,763)           741,045               –        741,045
 Dealer compensation                                                              –          (241,226)                (2,716)         (243,942)              –       (243,942)
 Net asset management                                                             –           578,582               (81,479)          497,103                –        497,103

 Net investment income and other                                            9,077              14,674                11,952            35,703               –          35,703
 Proportionate share of associates’ earnings                               (7,725)            103,920                73,637           169,832         (10,162)        159,670
                                                                      1,796,636               697,176                 (2,526)        2,491,286        (10,162)      2,481,124
Expenses
 Advisory and business development                                      759,785                62,625                     (6)         822,404                –        822,404
 Operations and support                                                 344,614               274,916                 1,666           621,196                –        621,196
 Sub-advisory                                                           140,880                 4,117               (88,115)           56,882                –         56,882
                                                                      1,245,279               341,658               (86,455)         1,500,482               –      1,500,482
                                                                        551,357               355,518                83,929           990,804         (10,162)        980,642
Interest expense(2)                                                      77,347                19,569                     –            96,916               –          96,916
Earnings before income taxes                                            474,010               335,949                83,929           893,888         (10,162)        883,726
Income taxes                                                            129,264                69,810                 2,742           201,816               –         201,816
                                                                        344,746               266,139                81,187           692,072         (10,162)        681,910
Non-controlling interest                                                      –                (3,157)                    –            (3,157)              –          (3,157)

                                                                 $      344,746 $             262,982 $              81,187           688,915         (10,162)        678,753
Lifeco other items    (1)
                                                                                                                                        (6,862)         6,862                  –
Rockefeller debt refinancing(1)                                                                                                         (3,300)         3,300                  –
Net earnings available to common shareholders                                                                                    $    678,753 $              – $      678,753

Identifiable assets                                              $ 11,575,931 $ 3,700,852 $ 1,214,042 $ 16,490,825 $                                         – $ 16,490,825
Goodwill                                                              1,346,245            1,290,526                         –       2,636,771               –      2,636,771
Total assets                                                     $ 12,922,176 $ 4,991,378 $ 1,214,042 $ 19,127,596 $                                         – $ 19,127,596
(1) The proportionate share of Lifeco other items and Rockefeller debt refinancing are not related to a specific segment and therefore excluded from segment results.
    These items have been adjusted to reconcile Total Segment results to the Company’s Consolidated Statements of Earnings.
(2) Interest expense includes interest on long-term debt and interest on leases.



Note 18. Subsequent event


Wealthsimple Financial Corp.
On October 31, 2025, the Company participated in a $550 million primary equity offering by Weathsimple, investing




                                                                                                                                                                                    PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
$100 million. As a result of the transaction, the Company’s total investment increased to $2,256 million, representing a
25.5% economic interest in Wealthsimple.




92 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 THIRD QUARTER REPORT | NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                          C  89
Page intentionally left blank.




     C  90                       P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Corporate Information


Power Corporation of Canada
751 Victoria Square                                                161 Bay Street, Suite 5000
Montréal, Quebec, Canada H2Y 2J3                                   Toronto, Ontario, Canada M5J 2S1
514-286-7400                                                       416-607-2250
1-800-890-7440
corporate.secretary@powercorp.com


www.powercorporation.com




This document is also available on the Corporation’s website       TRANSFER AGENT AND REGISTRAR
and on SEDAR+ at www.sedarplus.ca.                                 Computershare Investor Services Inc.

STOCK LISTINGS                                                     Offices in:

Shares of Power Corporation of Canada are listed on the            Montréal, Quebec; Toronto, Ontario;

Toronto Stock Exchange:                                            Vancouver, British Columbia
                                                                   www.investorcentre.com
Subordinate Voting Shares: POW
Participating Preferred Shares: POW.PR.E                           SHAREHOLDER SERVICES
                                                                   Shareholders with questions relating to the payment of
First Preferred Shares, Series A: POW.PR.A
                                                                   dividends, change of address, share certificates, direct registration
First Preferred Shares, Series B: POW.PR.B
                                                                   and estate transfers should contact the Transfer Agent:
First Preferred Shares, Series C: POW.PR.C
First Preferred Shares, Series D: POW.PR.D                         Computershare Investor Services Inc.
First Preferred Shares, Series G: POW.PR.G                         Shareholder Services
First Preferred Shares, Series H: POW.PR.H                         320 Bay Street, 14th Floor
                                                                   Toronto, Ontario, Canada M5H 4A6
                                                                   1-800-564-6253 (toll-free in Canada and the U.S.)
                                                                   or 514-982-7555
                                                                   www.computershare.com




                      Power Corporation of Canada is a certified
                      Imagine Canada Caring Company,
                      recognized for leadership and excellence
                      in community investment.




To learn more about the organizations we support, visit
www.PowerCorporationCommunity.com
