   FIRST
 QUARTER
  REPORT
   2025




F OR TH E P E R I O D E N DE D
    M A RC H 3 1 , 20 25
            Power Corporation of Canada




                                                                                                    PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                TABLE OF CONTENTS




This document contains management’s discussion and analysis of the ﬁnancial
condition, ﬁnancial performance and cash ﬂows of Power Corporation of Canada
(the Corporation) for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and the unaudited
interim condensed consolidated financial statements of the Corporation
as at and for the three months ended March 31, 2025. This document has
been ﬁled with the securities regulatory authorities in each of the provinces
and territories of Canada and is available under the Corporation’s proﬁle on
SEDAR+, at www.sedarplus.ca.




                                                                                                    PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
Power Corporation of Canada
PART A



Great-West Lifeco Inc.
PART B



IGM Financial Inc.
PART C




                                                                                                    PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.




P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5     1
The trademarks contained in this report are owned by Power Corporation of Canada or by a Member of
the Power Corporation Group of Companies®. Trademarks that are not owned by Power Corporation are
used with permission.




     2                                     P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
            Power Corporation of Canada




                                                                                                     PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                   PART A




Management’s Discussion and Analysis
PAGE A 2



Financial Statements and Notes
PAGE A 75




P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5   A  1
                                       POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA


                                       MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND AN ALYSIS




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       Abbreviations used throughout this Management’s Discussion and Analysis (MD&A) are defined in the section “Abbreviations”.

                                       CAU TIONAR Y STATEMENT R EGARDING F OR WAR D-LOOKING S TATEMENTS
                                       Certain statements in this MD&A, other than statements of historical fact, are forward-looking statements based on certain assumptions and reflect the Corporation’s current
                                       expectations, or with respect to disclosure regarding the Corporation’s public subsidiaries, reflect such subsidiaries’ current expectations as disclosed in their respective
                                       MD&A. Forward-looking statements are provided for the purposes of assisting the reader in understanding the Corporation’s financial performance, financial position and
                                       cash flows as at and for the periods ended on certain dates and to present information about management’s current expectations and plans relating to the future, and the
                                       reader is cautioned that such statements may not be appropriate for other purposes. These statements may include, without limitation, statements regarding the operations,
                                       business, financial condition, expected financial results, performance, prospects, opportunities, priorities, targets, goals, ongoing objectives, strategies and outlook of the
                                       Corporation and its subsidiaries including the outlook for North American and international economies for the current fiscal year and subsequent periods, the Corporation’s
                                       NCIB commenced in 2025, statements concerning deferred taxes, the fintech strategy, fundraising activities and investment strategies of the investment platforms, capital
                                       commitments by the Power group and third parties, the objective to maintain a minimum level of cash and cash equivalents relative to fixed charges, the expected timing
                                       of SHMI’s investment in BEX Capital, GBL’s intent to grow and develop its portfolio and third-party asset management activity, GBL’s investment in SHMI and the expected
                                       impacts, and the Corporation’s subsidiaries’ disclosed expectations including Lifeco’s business transformation costs. Forward-looking statements include statements that
                                       are predictive in nature, depend upon or refer to future events or conditions, or include words such as “expects”, “anticipates”, “plans”, “believes”, “estimates”, “seeks”,
                                       “intends”, “targets”, “projects”, “forecasts” or negative versions thereof and other similar expressions, or future or conditional verbs such as “may”, “will”, “should”, “would”
                                       and “could”.
                                       By its nature, this information is subject to inherent risks and uncertainties that may be general or specific and which give rise to the possibility that expectations, forecasts,
                                       predictions, projections or conclusions will not prove to be accurate, that assumptions may not be correct and that objectives, strategic goals and priorities will not be
                                       achieved. A variety of factors, many of which are beyond the Corporation’s and its subsidiaries’ control, affect the operations, performance and results of the Corporation
                                       and its subsidiaries and their businesses, and could cause actual results to differ materially from current expectations of estimated or anticipated events or results. These
                                       factors include, but are not limited to: the impact or unanticipated impact of general economic, political and market factors in North America and internationally, fluctuations
                                       in interest rates, inflation and foreign exchange rates, monetary policies, business investment and the health of local and global equity and capital markets, management of
                                       market liquidity and funding risks, risks related to investments in private companies and illiquid securities, risks associated with financial instruments, changes in accounting
                                       policies and methods used to report financial condition (including uncertainties associated with significant judgments, estimates and assumptions), the effect of applying
                                       future accounting changes, business competition, operational and reputational risks, technological changes, cybersecurity risks, changes in government administrations,
                                       regulation, legislation and policies, changes in tax laws, the impact of trade relations and ongoing trade tensions, including the threat of tariffs and other governmental
                                       actions, as well as retaliatory actions, unexpected judicial or regulatory proceedings, catastrophic events, man-made disasters, terrorist attacks, wars and other conflicts, or
                                       an outbreak of a public health pandemic or other public health crises, the Corporation’s and its subsidiaries’ ability to complete strategic transactions, integrate acquisitions
                                       and implement other growth strategies, the Corporation’s and its subsidiaries’ success in anticipating and managing the foregoing factors, and with respect to forward-
                                       looking statements of the Corporation’s subsidiaries disclosed in this MD&A, the factors identified by such subsidiaries in their respective MD&A.
                                       The reader is cautioned to consider these and other factors, uncertainties and potential events carefully and not to put undue reliance on forward-looking statements.
                                       Information contained in forward-looking statements is based upon certain material assumptions that were applied in drawing a conclusion or making a forecast or
                                       projection, including management’s perceptions of historical trends, current conditions and expected future developments, and that strategic transactions, acquisitions,
                                       divestitures or other growth or optimization strategies will be completed on expected terms, including that any required approvals will be received when and on such terms
                                       as are expected, as well as other considerations that are believed to be appropriate in the circumstances. In arriving at the assessment of the potential exposure to the
                                       Global Minimum Tax (GMT) for the Corporation and for its subsidiaries, respectively, and the expectation regarding the impact on adjusted net earnings, management has
                                       relied on the interpretation of the relevant legislation by management of the Corporation and its subsidiaries. In estimating the impact on Lifeco, Lifeco management has
                                       assumed a starting point of its current mix of business and adjusted net earnings (defined as base earnings by Lifeco) growth consistent with its adjusted net earnings
                                       ambitions disclosed in Part B of this MD&A. Other considerations also include the availability of cash to complete purchases under the NCIB, that the list of risks and
                                       uncertainties in the previous paragraph, collectively, are not expected to have a material impact on the Corporation, and with respect to forward-looking statements of the
                                       Corporation’s subsidiaries disclosed in this MD&A, that the risks identified by such subsidiaries in their respective MD&A and Annual Information Form are not expected to
                                       have a material impact on the Corporation. While the Corporation considers these assumptions to be reasonable based on information currently available to management,
                                       they may prove to be incorrect.
                                       Other than as specifically required by applicable Canadian law, the Corporation undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect events or
                                       circumstances after the date on which such statement is made, or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events, whether as a result of new information, future events or
                                       results, or otherwise.
                                       Additional information about the risks and uncertainties of the Corporation’s business and material factors or assumptions on which information contained in forward-
                                       looking statements is based is provided in its disclosure materials, including this MD&A and its most recent Annual Information Form, filed with the securities regulatory
                                       authorities in Canada and available at www.sedarplus.ca.

                                       S TATEMENT R EG AR DING NON- IFRS F INANCIAL MEASUR ES AND OTHER MEAS UR ES
                                       This MD&A contains financial measures (including ratios) that do not have a standard meaning under International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS). Terms by which
                                       non-IFRS financial measures are identified include, but are not limited to, “adjusted net earnings from continuing operations (adjusted net earnings)”, “adjusted net earnings
                                       from continuing operations per share (adjusted net earnings per share)”, “adjusted net asset value”, “adjusted net asset value per share”, “consolidated assets under
                                       management and advisement”, “consolidated assets and assets under administration” and “fee-related earnings”. Management uses these financial measures in its
                                       presentation and analysis of the financial performance, financial condition and cash flows of Power Corporation, and believes that they provide additional meaningful
                                       information to readers in their analysis of the results of the Corporation. These non-IFRS financial measures may not be comparable to similar measures used by other
                                       entities. Refer to the section “Non-IFRS Financial Measures” in this MD&A for the appropriate reconciliations of these non-IFRS financial measures to measures prescribed
                                       by IFRS as well as additional details on each measure. Reconciliations of the adjusted net asset value and the holding company balance sheet are also included in the section
                                       “Adjusted Net Asset Value”.
                                       Adjusted net earnings from continuing operations (or adjusted net earnings) represents net earnings from continuing operations excluding Adjustments. In 2024, the
                                       Corporation modified the definition of adjusted net earnings, a non-IFRS earnings measure. The comparative periods presented herein have been restated to conform with
                                       the current definition. Refer to the Corporation’s 2024 Annual MD&A for additional information.
                                       In the first quarter of 2025, the Corporation enhanced the disclosure of the components of consolidated assets and assets under administration to provide a greater visibility
                                       of the assets managed within the Corporation’s consolidated businesses. The comparative periods have been restated to conform with the current presentation.
                                       This MD&A also includes other measures used to discuss activities of the Corporation, its consolidated publicly traded operating companies and alternative asset investment
                                       platforms including, but not limited to, “assets under management”, “assets under administration”, “assets under management and advisement”, “assets under management
                                       and advisement including strategic investments”, “book value per participating share”, “carried interest”, “fee-bearing capital”, “market capitalization”, “net asset value”, “net
                                       carried interest”, “unfunded commitments” and “weighted average management fee rate”. As well, the presentation of the holding company is used to present and analyze
                                       the financial position and cash flows of Power Corporation as a holding company. Refer to the section “Other Measures” in this MD&A for a definition of each measure.




                                             A  2                                                     P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


MAY 13, 2025
ALL TABULAR AMOUNTS ARE IN MILLIONS OF CANADIAN DOLLARS, UNLESS OTHERWISE NOTED.




                                                                                                                                 PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
The following MD&A of Power Corporation of Canada (Power Corporation or the Corporation) (TSX: POW; POW.PR.E), a
public corporation, is for the three-month period ended March 31, 2025. This MD&A should be read in conjunction with the
unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements of Power Corporation and notes thereto for the three-month
period ended March 31, 2025 (the Interim Consolidated Financial Statements), the MD&A for the year ended December 31,
2024 (the 2024 Annual MD&A), and the audited consolidated financial statements and notes thereto for the year ended
December 31, 2024 (the 2024 Consolidated Financial Statements). Additional information relating to Power Corporation,
including its Annual Information Form, may be found on the Corporation’s website at www.powercorporation.com and on
SEDAR+ at www.sedarplus.ca.

ORGANIZATION OF THE INTERIM MD&A
The Corporation’s MD&A consists of three parts:
  Part A – Power Corporation, presented on a consolidated basis, and including a discussion of the contribution to the
    holding company from Lifeco, IGM, GBL, and its alternative asset investment platforms and other investments;
  Part B – Lifeco’s interim MD&A, as prepared and disclosed by Lifeco in accordance with applicable securities legislation,
    which is also available either directly from SEDAR+ (www.sedarplus.ca) or from Lifeco’s website (www.greatwestlifeco.com);
  Part C – IGM’s interim MD&A, as prepared and disclosed by IGM in accordance with applicable securities legislation,
    which is also available either directly from SEDAR+ (www.sedarplus.ca) or from IGM’s website (www.igmfinancial.com).
Lifeco (TSX: GWO) and IGM (TSX: IGM) are public companies listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange. GBL is a public
company listed on the Brussels Stock Exchange (EBR: GBLB). Market capitalizations reported in the following sections are at
March 31, 2025 (refer to the section “Other Measures”).




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5   A  3
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       TABLE OF CON TEN TS




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       About the Corporation                                                          Liquidity, Capital and Risk Management
                                       5   Power Corporation of Canada                                    5           55 Cash Flows                                                   55
                                       6   Group Structure                                                6           57 Capital Management                                           57
                                       10 Table of Holdings                                               10          60 Risk Management                                              60

                                       11 Financial Highlights                                            11          61 Financial Instruments and Other Instruments                  61

                                                                                                                      62 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements                               62

                                       Consolidated Operating Results                                                 62 Contingent Liabilities                                       62
                                       13 Results of Power Corporation                                    13          62 Commitments and Contractual Obligations                      62

                                       14 Consolidated Statements of Earnings                             14
                                       15 Contribution to Net Earnings and Adjusted Net Earnings          15          Accounting Policies
                                                                                                                      62 Summary of Critical Accounting Estimates and Judgments       62
                                       Review of Segments and Operating Results                                       62 Changes in Accounting Policies                               62

                                       18 Lifeco                                                          18          63 Future Accounting Changes                                    63

                                       24 IGM Financial                                                   24
                                       29 GBL                                                             29
                                       Other Components                                                               Other
                                       32 Sagard and Power Sustainable                                    32          63 Transactions with Related Parties                            63
                                       44 Other                                                           44          64 Internal Control over Financial Reporting                    64
                                                                                                                      64 Power Financial Corporation                                  64
                                       Financial Position                                                             65 Non-IFRS Financial Measures                                  65

                                       47 Consolidated Balance Sheets                                     47          67 Reconciliations of IFRS and Non-IFRS Financial Measures      67

                                       50 Holding Company Balance Sheets                                  50          71 Other Measures                                               71

                                       53 Adjusted Net Asset Value                                        53          74 Summary of Quarterly Results                                 74




                                            A  4                                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA




                                                                                                                                   PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
OVERVIEW
Incorporated in 1925, Power Corporation (TSX: POW; POW.PR.E) is an international management and holding company that
focuses on financial services in North America, Europe and Asia. Its core holdings are leading insurance, retirement, wealth
management and investment businesses, including a portfolio of alternative asset investment platforms. Through Power
Financial, it holds a controlling interest in Lifeco and IGM and has an active fintech strategy. It also holds, jointly with the
Frère Group of Belgium, a controlling interest in GBL.
Power Corporation conducts its investment activities, built upon a network of deep and long-standing relationships, to
provide superior returns. Investment activities include investments in alternative asset managers, Sagard and Power
Sustainable, investment funds, and interests in China resulting from more than 40 years of engagement. The Corporation aims
to act as an owner with a long-term perspective and a strategic vision anchored in strong core values.
Power Corporation adheres to four overriding investing principles to pursue its objective of achieving sustainable long-term
value creation in the best interests of the Corporation:
  Long-term perspective;
  Leading franchises with attractive growth profiles;
  Strong governance oversight; and
  Prudent approach to risk management.

VALUE CREATION STRATEGY
Power Corporation’s value creation strategy is focused on financial services, designed to generate long-term sustainable
growth in earnings and dividends, and is based upon three key levers:
  Operating company organic levers: organic growth strategies at the publicly traded operating companies;
  Operating company inorganic levers: deployment and redeployment of capital; and
  Holding company levers: actions that can be taken at the Corporation and between the Corporation and its publicly
    traded operating companies and investments.
Power Corporation, through its alternative asset investment platforms, continues to develop its alternative asset management
businesses which build upon the investment capabilities that have been created over many years in several high-growth asset
classes. The alternative asset investment platforms are focused on growing their asset management businesses through
raising third-party capital and the Corporation intends to continue to provide proprietary capital to the different investment
products managed by each.




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5   A  5
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       GROUP STRUCTURE
                                       The following chart reflects the economic interests held by the Corporation at March 31, 2025, which include the operating
                                       subsidiaries (Lifeco and IGM) and its interest in GBL, held through Power Financial, and interests held through the




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       Corporation’s alternative asset investment platforms.




                                          In bold: Publicly listed holdings
                                          1 Lifeco, through Canada Life, holds a 3.9% interest in IGM, and IGM holds a 2.4% interest in Lifeco.
                                          2 Represents a 49.9% non-controlling voting interest. The interest in Northleaf is held through an acquisition vehicle in which Mackenzie holds an 80% equity interest
                                            and Lifeco holds a 20% equity interest.
                                          3 Held through Parjointco, a jointly controlled corporation (50%). Parjointco has a 47.0% voting interest in GBL. Refer to the section “GBL” for a list of investments.
                                          4 Includes a controlling interest in the Portage Ventures Funds and Wealthsimple, held through Power Financial, Lifeco and IGM.
                                          5 Refer to the section “Sagard and Power Sustainable” for a list of investments held by each investment platform.
                                          6 The Corporation holds a 47.4% interest in SHMI and a 74.7% interest in PSM. Refer to the section “Sagard and Power Sustainable”.




                                           A  6                                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


As a holding company, the Corporation uses adjusted net asset value 1, which presents the fair value of the participating
shareholders’ equity of the holding company, to assess the value, composition and size of its investment holdings. The charts
below present the composition and relative size of investment holdings within the Power group, as well as show the




                                                                                                                                                                   PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
composition of the assets included in the adjusted net asset value and the holding company balance sheet, which are
discussed in detail later in this MD&A.


                                                            TOTAL HOLDING COMPANY ASSETS


IN ADJUSTED NET ASSET VALUE                                                                     IN HOLDING COMPANY BALANCE SHEET




1 Adjusted net asset value is a non-IFRS financial measure. Refer to the sections “Adjusted Net Asset Value” and “Non-IFRS Financial Measures”.
2 Includes fintech investments held by the Corporation including investments in the Portage Ventures Funds, Portage Capital Solutions and Wealthsimple.
3 Includes the Corporation’s cash and cash equivalents, other assets and investments held by the holding company and its investments in standalone businesses.




                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                               A  7
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       Publicly Traded Operating Companies
                                       The Corporation holds controlling interests, through Power Financial, in Lifeco and IGM. It also has significant holdings in a




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       portfolio of European-based global companies through its investment in GBL.

                                       LIF ECO
                                       Great-West Lifeco Inc. (TSX: GWO), market capitalization of $52.5 billion (refer to the section “Other Measures”) at March 31,
                                       2025, is a financial services holding company that provides wealth, retirement, workplace benefits and insurance and risk
                                       solutions to its over 40 million customer relationships. Lifeco operates primarily in Canada, the United States (U.S.) and Europe
                                       under the brands Canada Life, Empower and Irish Life.
                                       At March 31, 2025, Power Financial and IGM held interests of 68.3% and 2.4%, respectively, in Lifeco’s common shares,
                                       representing approximately 65% of the voting rights attached to all outstanding Lifeco voting shares. The Insurance
                                       Companies Act limits voting rights in life insurance companies to 65%.

                                       IG M FINANCIAL
                                       IGM Financial Inc. (TSX: IGM), market capitalization of $10.5 billion at March 31, 2025, is a leading Canadian diversified wealth
                                       and asset management company supporting advisors and the clients they serve in Canada, and institutional investors globally.
                                       IGM provides a broad range of financial planning and investment management services to help approximately two million
                                       Canadians meet their financial goals. IGM’s principal operating subsidiaries are wealth manager IG Wealth Management and
                                       asset manager Mackenzie Investments. IGM also holds a number of strategic investments that provide benefits to its operating
                                       subsidiaries while furthering IGM’s growth prospects.
                                       At March 31, 2025, Power Financial and Canada Life, a subsidiary of Lifeco, held interests of 62.5% and 3.9%, respectively, in
                                       IGM’s common shares.

                                       GBL
                                       Power Financial Europe SA, a wholly owned subsidiary of Power Financial, and the Frère Group each hold a 50% interest in
                                       Parjointco. At March 31, 2025, Parjointco held a 32.9% indirect (47.0% of the voting rights) controlling interest in GBL, a
                                       Belgian holding company listed on the Brussels Stock Exchange.
                                       GBL (EBR: GBLB), market capitalization of €9.5 billion at March 31, 2025, is an established investment holding company. As a
                                       leading and active investor in Europe, GBL is focused on long-term value creation with the support of a stable family
                                       shareholder base. GBL aims to grow its diversified high-quality portfolio of listed, direct private and indirect private
                                       investments. GBL Capital conducts the GBL group’s indirect private investment activity which provides additional sources of
                                       diversification to GBL’s portfolio. In addition, GBL is developing its third-party asset management activity through GBL Capital
                                       and Sienna Investment Managers.




                                           A  8                                     P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


Alternative Asset Investment Platforms
Power Corporation continues to develop alternative asset investment platforms (investment platforms) that manage portfolios




                                                                                                                                         PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
in several alternative asset classes principally in North America and Europe. The alternative asset investment platforms offer
alternative strategies to traditional long-term investment strategies. Traditional long-term investment strategies generally invest
in publicly traded shares and fixed income investments, whereas the alternative asset investment strategies include venture
capital, private equity, private credit as well as real estate and infrastructure. At March 31, 2025, the alternative asset investment
platforms had $44.4 billion of assets under management, including unfunded commitments (refer to the section “Other
Measures”).

S AG AR D
Sagard is a global multi-strategy alternative asset management firm active in venture capital, private equity, private credit and
real estate. Sagard delivers flexible capital, an entrepreneurial culture, and a global network of investors, commercial partners,
advisors, and value creation experts to its portfolio companies. Sagard also engages in private wealth management and holds
strategic interests in other alternative asset management businesses. The firm has offices in Canada, the U.S., Europe and the
Middle East. At March 31, 2025, Sagard had $39.9 billion of assets under management, including unfunded commitments.
The asset management business of Sagard is consolidated under Sagard Holdings Management Inc. (SHMI). The Corporation,
through Sagard, held a 47.4% controlling interest in SHMI at March 31, 2025 (50.8% at December 31, 2024).

POWER S US TAINABLE
Power Sustainable is a sustainability-focused investment manager with offices in Canada and the U.S. Power Sustainable
finances companies and projects aiming for both competitive returns and positive sustainability outcomes, and offers
institutional investors exposure to alternative assets which aim to accelerate and scale sustainable solutions across multiple
industries. Power Sustainable invests in companies and projects that contribute to decarbonization, sustainable cities and
communities and resource efficiency, which are priorities shared by its global network of clients, asset owners, partners and
employees. Power Sustainable is currently comprised of four strategies: Power Sustainable Energy Infrastructure, Power
Sustainable Infrastructure Credit, Power Sustainable Lios (agri-food private equity) and Power Sustainable Decarb PE. At
March 31, 2025, Power Sustainable had $4.6 billion of assets under management, including unfunded commitments.
The asset management business of Power Sustainable is consolidated under Power Sustainable Manager (PSM). The
Corporation, through Power Sustainable, held a 74.7% controlling interest in PSM at March 31, 2025 (same as at
December 31, 2024).

Standalone Businesses
The standalone businesses include the Corporation’s interest in Lion Electric and a controlling interest in LMPG.




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5     A  9
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       TABLE OF HOLDINGS
                                       At March 31, 2025, the Corporation’s main holdings were as follows:




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                                     % economic
                                       Holdings                                                                          interest           Nature of investment                    Accounting method

                                       Publicly traded operating companies 1
                                          Lifeco 2                                                                            68.3          Controlling interest                    Consolidation
                                          IGM 3                                                                               62.5          Controlling interest                    Consolidation
                                                  4
                                          GBL                                                                                 16.5          Joint control                           Equity method
                                       Alternative asset investment platforms
                                          Sagard
                                             SHMI 5                                                                           47.4          Controlling interest                    Consolidation
                                                  PEM 6                                                                       38.0          Controlling interest                    Consolidation
                                                  HalseyPoint                                                                 40.0          Joint control                           Equity method
                                             Wealthsimple 1 7                                                                 13.7          Controlling interest                    Consolidation
                                                                     18
                                             Portage Ventures I                                                               63.0          Controlling interest                    Consolidation
                                             Portage Ventures II 1 9                                                          12.4          Controlling interest                    Consolidation
                                                                       10
                                             Portage Ventures III                                                               2.4         Controlling interest                    Consolidation
                                             Portage Ventures IV 11                                                             5.8         Controlling interest                    Consolidation
                                                                              12
                                             Portage Capital Solutions                                                        29.2          Controlling interest                    Consolidation
                                             Sagard Funds 13                                                              various           Investment                              Fair value through profit or loss
                                          Power Sustainable
                                             Power Sustainable Manager 14                                                     74.7          Controlling interest                    Consolidation
                                             Power Sustainable Energy
                                              Infrastructure Partnership 15                                                   32.6          Controlling interest                    Consolidation
                                             Potentia                                                                       100.0           Controlling interest                    Consolidation
                                             Nautilus                                                                       100.0           Controlling interest                    Consolidation
                                       Standalone businesses
                                          LMPG                                                                                49.6          Controlling interest                    Consolidation

                                       1 Investments held by the Corporation through Power Financial.
                                       2 IGM also held a 2.4% interest in Lifeco.
                                       3 Canada Life also held a 3.9% interest in IGM.
                                       4 Held through Parjointco, a jointly controlled corporation (50%). Parjointco holds a controlling interest in GBL.
                                       5 Lifeco and GBL also held interests of 11.8% and 5.2%, respectively, in SHMI. During the first quarter of 2025, management of Sagard acquired an additional interest of
                                         1.5% in SHMI. At March 31, 2025, management of Sagard held a fully-diluted interest of 20.7% in SHMI. SHMI also has a long-term incentive program pursuant to which
                                         certain key members of management have received, or will receive in the future, compensation in the form of equity of SHMI vesting over a 5-year period.
                                       6 The Corporation, through Sagard, currently has an exercisable option to buy an additional 13.0% equity interest in PEM.
                                       7 Portage Ventures I and IGM also held interests of 10.5% and 30.1%, respectively, in Wealthsimple (see also the section “Wealthsimple” in the section “Sagard and Power
                                         Sustainable”).
                                       8 Lifeco and IGM also held equal interests of 18.5% in Portage Ventures I.
                                       9 Power Financial held a 7.7% interest, Sagard held a 4.7% interest, and Lifeco and IGM also held equal interests of 7.7% in Portage Ventures II.
                                       10 Lifeco and IGM also held interests of 9.0% and 4.0%, respectively, in Portage Ventures III.
                                       11 Lifeco and IGM also held interests of 14.0% and 2.3%, respectively, in Portage Ventures IV.
                                       12 Lifeco and GBL also held interests of 27.9% and 4.9%, respectively, in Portage Capital Solutions.
                                       13 The Corporation holds a non-controlling interest in various funds managed by SHMI. Lifeco and GBL also hold investments in certain of these funds. Refer to the section
                                          “Asset Management Activities” in the section “Sagard and Power Sustainable” for a list of investments and the respective holdings.
                                       14 At March 31, 2025, management of Power Sustainable held a 4.5% interest in PSM. Lifeco also held an interest of 20.8% in PSM. PSM also has a long-term incentive
                                          program pursuant to which certain key members of management may receive, in the future, compensation in the form of equity of PSM vesting over a 5-year period.
                                       15 Lifeco also held a 13.6% interest in PSEIP.




                                             A  10                                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS




                                                                                                                                                                             PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
SELECTED FINANCIAL INFORMATION
Three months ended                                                                                                                March 31,   December 31,    March 31,
(in millions of dollars; except per share and as otherwise noted)                                                                    2025           2024          2024

Net earnings 1                                                                                                                        689            933           709
Net earnings from continuing operations 1                                                                                             689            933           758
                                                                    12
Adjusted net earnings from continuing operations                                                                                      787            829           710

Per share – basic 1
   Net earnings                                                                                                                      1.07            1.44         1.09
   Net earnings from continuing operations                                                                                           1.07            1.44         1.17
   Adjusted net earnings from continuing operations 3                                                                                1.22            1.28         1.09

Dividend declared (per participating share)                                                                                        0.6125         0.5625       0.5625
                   4
Dividend yield                                                                                                                       4.8%            5.0%         5.9%

Total consolidated assets (in billions)                                                                                               855            851           776
                                                                                      2
Total consolidated assets under management and advisement (in billions)                                                             1,273          1,259         1,148
Total consolidated assets and assets under administration 2 (in billions)                                                           3,584          3,599         3,140

Adjusted net asset value 1 2                                                                                                       44,336         38,974       34,513
Participating shareholders’ equity                                                                                                 23,199         22,930       21,474

Per share 1
   Adjusted net asset value 3                                                                                                       68.99          60.44         53.10
   Book value 5                                                                                                                     36.10          35.56         33.04

Market capitalization 6                                                                                                            32,699         28,913       24,686

Share price (Subordinate Voting Shares)
   Ending                                                                                                                           50.88          44.84         37.98
   High                                                                                                                             51.74          47.89         40.30
   Low                                                                                                                              41.88          42.23         36.86

Number of participating shares outstanding
   End of period                                                                                                                    642.7          644.8         650.0
   Average                                                                                                                          643.0          645.6         650.6
1 Attributable to participating shareholders.
2 Non-IFRS financial measure. Refer to the section “Non-IFRS Financial Measures”.
3 Non-IFRS ratio. Refer to the section “Non-IFRS Financial Measures”.
4 Dividend yield is calculated as the annualized dividend per participating share based on the dividend declared during the reporting period divided by the share price of
  a Subordinate Voting Share at the end of the reporting period.
5 Refer to the section “Other Measures”.
6 Represents the closing price of a Subordinate Voting Share at the end of the reporting period multiplied by the aggregate of Subordinate Voting Shares and Participating
  Preferred Shares outstanding.




                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                              A  11
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       SUMMARY OF THE CONTRIBUTIONS TO POWER CORPORATION’S EARNINGS FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS
                                                                                                                                                                     March 31,             December 31,   March 31,
                                       Three months ended                                                                                                               2025                     2024         2024




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       Lifeco 1                                                                                                                            703                    760         666
                                       IGM 1                                                                                                                               149                    156         140
                                       GBL                                                                                                                                    3                    18          54
                                                                                        2
                                       Effect of consolidation - Lifeco and IGM                                                                                              (5)                    (6)       (15)
                                       Publicly traded operating companies                                                                                                 850                    928         845


                                       Sagard and Power Sustainable                                                                                                         34                     (10)       (30)
                                       Standalone businesses                                                                                                                 (5)                    (5)       (23)
                                                                                                                                                                           879                    913         792
                                       Corporate operations and Other 3                                                                                                    (92)                    (84)       (82)
                                                                   45
                                       Adjusted net earnings                                                                                                              787                     829         710
                                       Adjustments 6                                                                                                                       (98)                   104          48
                                       Net earnings 4                                                                                                                     689                     933         758
                                       1 Contribution based on earnings reported by Lifeco and IGM.
                                       2 Refer to the detailed table in the section “Results of Power Corporation”.
                                       3 Includes the contribution to adjusted net earnings from the Corporation’s other investment activities, as well as corporate operations, which includes operating expenses,
                                         financing charges, depreciation, income taxes, and dividends on non-participating and perpetual preferred shares. Refer to the section “Corporate operations and Other“
                                         below.
                                       4 Attributable to participating shareholders.
                                       5 Non-IFRS financial measure. Refer to the section “Non-IFRS Financial Measures”.
                                       6 Refer to the detailed table of Adjustments in the section “Review of Segments and Operating Results”.




                                             A  12                                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


RESULTS OF POWER CORPORATION

This section presents:




                                                                                                                                          PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
  The “Consolidated Statements of Earnings in accordance with IFRS”; and
  The contributions to Power Corporation of its operating subsidiaries (Lifeco and IGM) and GBL, which are held through
    Power Financial, the contribution of the Corporation’s alternative asset investment platforms and standalone businesses,
    as well as the contribution from the corporate operations and other to the net earnings and adjusted net earnings of
    Power Corporation. A discussion of the contributions of each of the reportable segments and other components follows
    in the section “Review of Segments and Operating Results”.
Adjusted net earnings is a non-IFRS financial measure. Refer to the section “Non-IFRS Financial Measures” for a description
and reconciliation of IFRS and non-IFRS financial measures.


BASIS OF PRESENTATION
IFRS Financial Measures and Presentation
The Interim Consolidated Financial Statements of the Corporation have been prepared in accordance with International
Accounting Standard 34 – Interim Financial Reporting (IAS 34), and are presented in Canadian dollars.
The financial statements of the Corporation include the consolidated results of Power Financial which include the results of
Lifeco, IGM, Wealthsimple and the Portage Ventures Funds, which are controlled by Power Financial. Power Financial’s
investment in GBL is held through Parjointco. Parjointco is a holding company jointly controlled by Power Financial and the
Frère Group, and is accounted for using the equity method.
The investment platforms manage and operate alternative asset investment funds in which third-party investors, the
Corporation and associated companies can participate. The Corporation controls a fund when it is exposed, or has rights, to
variable returns from its involvement with the fund and has the ability to affect those returns through its power to direct the
relevant activities of the fund. Management of the Corporation determines whether the Corporation is a principal or an agent
when the Corporation or its subsidiaries act as a fund manager and also invest in the fund. The Corporation determines that
it is a principal when it has sufficient capital invested and exposure to variability of returns generated as a result of the decisions
of the Corporation or its subsidiaries as a fund manager and considers the rights held by other investors, including their ability
to remove the fund manager.

Presentation of the Holding Company
The Corporation’s reportable segments include Lifeco, IGM Financial and GBL, which represent the Corporation’s investments
in publicly traded operating companies, as well as the holding company. These reportable segments, in addition to the asset
management activities, reflect Power Corporation’s management structure and internal financial reporting. The Corporation
evaluates its performance based on the operating segment’s contribution to earnings.
The holding company comprises the corporate activities of the Corporation and Power Financial, on a combined basis, and
presents the investment activities of the Corporation. The investment activities of the holding company, including the
investments in Lifeco, IGM and controlled entities within the alternative asset investment platforms, are presented using the
equity method. The holding company activities present the holding company’s assets and liabilities, including cash, investments,
debentures and non-participating shares. The discussions included in the sections “Financial Position” and “Cash Flows”
present the segmented balance sheets and cash flow statements of the holding company, which are presented in Note 20 of
the Interim Consolidated Financial Statements, and reconciliations of these statements are provided throughout this MD&A.




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5     A  13
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EARNINGS IN ACCORDANCE WITH IFRS
                                       Power Corporation’s consolidated statements of earnings for the three months ended March 31, 2025 are presented below.
                                       The Corporation’s reportable segments include Lifeco, IGM and GBL, as well as the holding company. This table reflects the




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       contributions to the net earnings attributable to Power Corporation’s participating shareholders from its reportable segments
                                       and Sagard and Power Sustainable, the Corporation’s alternative asset investment platforms, which include controlled and
                                       consolidated investment funds and investments, and the Corporation’s standalone businesses.
                                       Consolidated Net Earnings – Three months ended
                                                                                                                                  Alternative asset
                                                                                                                                        investment
                                                                                                                           Holding platforms and          Effect of                             Power Corporation
                                                                                         Lifeco       IGM        GBL      company           Other 1 consolidation 2                          Consolidated net earnings
                                                                                                                                                                                     March 31,     December 31,      March 31,
                                                                                                                                                                                         2025            2024            2024
                                       Insurance service result
                                          Insurance revenue                             5,486           −           −             −                   −                   −              5,486           5,399           5,250
                                          Insurance service expenses                   (4,276)          −           −             −                   −                   −             (4,276)         (4,145)          (4,067)
                                          Net expense from
                                            reinsurance contracts                        (430)          −           −             −                   −                   −               (430)           (415)           (386)
                                       Total insurance service result                     780           −           −             −                   −                   −                780             839             797
                                       Net investment result
                                         Net investment income (loss) 3                 3,586           8           −           22                 272                  (13)             3,875              45           1,183
                                         Net investment result from
                                            insurance activities 4                     (3,173)          −           −             −                   −                   −             (3,173)            988            (195)
                                       Total net investment result                        413           8           −           22                 272                  (13)               702           1,033             988
                                       Fee income and other revenues                    1,911        897            −             −                413                  (52)             3,169           3,201           2,729
                                       Operating and
                                         administrative expenses                       (1,931)      (624)           −          (53)               (675)                  53             (3,230)         (3,500)          (2,900)
                                       Financing charges                                 (103)        (32)          −          (13)                 (67)                  (3)             (218)           (207)           (201)
                                       Earnings before investments in
                                        jointly controlled corporations
                                        and associates, and
                                        income taxes                                    1,070        249            −          (44)                 (57)                (15)             1,203           1,366           1,413
                                       Share of earnings (losses) of
                                        investments in jointly
                                        controlled corporations and
                                        associates                                           8         56         25              −                  54                 (28)               115             261              64
                                       Earnings before income taxes                     1,078        305          25           (44)                  (3)                (43)             1,318           1,627           1,477
                                       Income tax expense (recovery)                      157          70           −             −                 (33)                   2               196             197             234
                                       Net earnings – continuing
                                        operations                                        921        235          25           (44)                  30                 (45)             1,122           1,430           1,243
                                       Net loss – discontinued
                                        operations                                           −          −           −             −                   −                   −                    −              −           (115)
                                       Net gain – disposal of
                                        discontinued operations                              −          −           −             −                   −                   −                    −              −             44
                                       Net earnings                                       921        235          25           (44)                  30                 (45)             1,122           1,430           1,172
                                       Attributable to
                                          Non-controlling interests                       341          88           −           35                     1                (45)               420             484             450
                                          Non-participating
                                            shareholders                                     −          −           −           13                    −                   −                  13             13              13
                                          Participating shareholders of
                                            Power Corporation 2                           580        147          25           (92)                  29                   −                689             933             709
                                                                                          921        235          25           (44)                  30                 (45)             1,122           1,430           1,172
                                       1 Alternative Asset Investment Platforms and Other is comprised of the Corporation’s alternative asset investment platforms, which include consolidated investment funds, as well
                                         as the investment activities held through Power Financial including Portage Ventures I, Portage Ventures II and Wealthsimple, and the Corporation’s standalone businesses.
                                       2 The results presented for Lifeco and IGM are as reported by each. The Effect of consolidation includes the elimination of intercompany transactions and the application of the
                                         Corporation’s accounting method for investments under common control. The contribution from Lifeco, IGM, GBL and Alternative asset investment platforms and Other to net
                                         earnings attributable to participating shareholders of the Corporation includes the effect of consolidation, and represents the contribution to the holding company.
                                       3 Includes net investment income and changes in FVPL included in the net investment result on the consolidated statements of earnings.
                                       4 Includes net finance income (expenses) from insurance contracts, net finance income (expenses) from reinsurance contracts and changes in investment contract liabilities.


                                       As a holding company, the Corporation evaluates the performance of each segment based on its contribution to net earnings
                                       and adjusted net earnings attributable to participating shareholders. A discussion of the results of Lifeco, IGM and GBL is
                                       provided in the section “Review of Segments and Operating Results” below.


                                             A  14                                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


CONTRIBUTION TO NET EARNINGS AND ADJUSTED NET EARNINGS
This section details the contribution to the net earnings and adjusted net earnings attributable to Power Corporation’s
participating shareholders from Lifeco, IGM, GBL and Sagard and Power Sustainable, the Corporation’s alternative asset




                                                                                                                                                                              PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
investment platforms, which include the contribution from controlled and consolidated investments, standalone businesses,
and the corporate operations and other.
                                                                                                                                 March 31,   December 31,      March 31,
Three months ended                                                                                                                  2025           2024            2024

Adjusted net earnings from continuing operations 1
Lifeco 2                                                                                                                             703            760             666
IGM 2                                                                                                                                149            156             140
GBL                                                                                                                                     3            18               54
Effect of consolidation - Lifeco and IGM 3                                                                                             (5)            (6)           (15)
                                                                                                                                     850            928             845
Sagard and Power Sustainable                                                                                                          34             (10)           (30)
Standalone businesses                                                                                                                  (5)            (5)           (23)
Corporate operations and Other 4                                                                                                     (92)            (84)           (82)
                                                                                                                                     787            829             710
                5
Adjustments
Lifeco 2                                                                                                                            (116)              1              36
      2
IGM                                                                                                                                    (2)             3              (1)
GBL                                                                                                                                   22               −              −
Effect of consolidation - Lifeco and IGM                                                                                               (2)             1              (3)
                                                                                                                                     (98)              5              32
Sagard and Power Sustainable                                                                                                         (12)            (12)             25
Standalone businesses                                                                                                                 12            111               (9)
                                                                                                                                     (98)           104               48
Net earnings from continuing operations 6
Lifeco 2                                                                                                                             587            761             702
IGM 2                                                                                                                                147            159             139
      2
GBL                                                                                                                                   25             18               54
Effect of consolidation - Lifeco and IGM                                                                                               (7)            (5)           (18)
                                                                                                                                     752            933             877
Sagard and Power Sustainable                                                                                                          22             (22)             (5)
Standalone businesses                                                                                                                   7           106             (32)
Corporate operations and Other 4                                                                                                     (92)            (84)           (82)
                                                                                                                                     689            933             758
Net earnings (loss) from discontinued operations – Putnam                                                                              −               −            (49)
                6
Net earnings                                                                                                                         689            933             709
1 Adjusted net earnings from continuing operations (adjusted net earnings) is a non-IFRS financial measure. Refer to the section “Non-IFRS Financial Measures”. For a
  reconciliation of Lifeco, IGM, and Sagard and Power Sustainable’s non-IFRS adjusted net earnings to their net earnings and the contribution to adjusted net earnings from
  GBL and standalone businesses, refer to the sections “Lifeco”, “IGM Financial”, “GBL”, “Sagard and Power Sustainable” and “Standalone Businesses” in the section “Review
  of Segments and Operating Results” below which detail the contribution to net earnings and adjusted net earnings of each.
2 Contribution to net and adjusted net earnings based on earnings reported by Lifeco and IGM. Contribution to net earnings based on earnings reported by GBL.
3 See the table below for details on Effect of consolidation.
4 Includes the contribution to net earnings and adjusted net earnings from the Corporation’s other investment activities, as well as corporate operations, which includes
  operating expenses, financing charges, depreciation, income taxes, and dividends on non-participating and perpetual preferred shares. Refer to the section “Corporate
  operations and Other“ below.
5 See the section “Adjustments” below, including details on Effect of consolidation.
6 Attributable to participating shareholders.




                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                A  15
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       Adjusted and Net Earnings Per Share
                                                                                                                                                        March 31,             December 31,   March 31,
                                       Three months ended                                                                                                   2025                    2024         2024




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       Earnings per share – basic 1
                                       Adjusted net earnings from continuing operations                                                                      1.22                    1.28       1.09
                                       Adjustments                                                                                                          (0.15)                   0.16       0.08
                                       Net earnings from continuing operations                                                                               1.07                    1.44       1.17
                                       Net earnings (loss) from discontinued operations – Putnam                                                                 −                      −       (0.08)
                                       Net earnings                                                                                                          1.07                    1.44       1.09
                                       1 Attributable to participating shareholders.


                                       EFFECT OF CONSOLIDATION
                                       Effect of consolidation reflects:
                                          The elimination of intercompany transactions; and
                                          The application of the Corporation’s accounting method for investments under common control to the reported net
                                            earnings of the publicly traded operating companies, which include:
                                                i)   An adjustment related to Lifeco’s investment in PSEIP, PSM and SHMI; and
                                                ii) An allocation of the results of the fintech portfolio, including Wealthsimple, the Portage Ventures Funds and
                                                     Portage Capital Solutions, to the contributions from Lifeco and IGM based on their respective interest.
                                       The following table summarizes the effect of consolidation on adjusted net earnings for Lifeco and IGM:
                                                                                                                                                        March 31,             December 31,   March 31,
                                       Three months ended                                                                                                  2025                     2024         2024
                                       Lifeco                                                                                                                   (5)                   (11)         (8)
                                       IGM                                                                                                                       −                      5          (7)
                                                                                                                                                                (5)                    (6)       (15)



                                                                                             Q1 2025 vs. Q1 2024 and Q4 2024

                                       Net earnings
                                       $689 million or $1.07 per share, compared with $709 million or $1.09 per share in the corresponding period in 2024, a decrease of
                                       1.8% on a per share basis, and $933 million or $1.44 per share in the fourth quarter of 2024.

                                       Net earnings from continuing operations
                                       $689 million or $1.07 per share, compared with $758 million or $1.17 per share in the corresponding period in 2024, a decrease of
                                       8.5% on a per share basis, and $933 million or $1.44 per share in the fourth quarter of 2024.

                                       Adjusted net earnings from continuing operations
                                       $787 million or $1.22 per share, compared with $710 million or $1.09 per share in the corresponding period in 2024, an increase of
                                       11.9% on a per share basis, and $829 million or $1.28 per share in the fourth quarter of 2024.

                                       Contribution to net earnings and adjusted net earnings from continuing operations from Lifeco, IGM and GBL
                                       Contribution to net earnings from continuing operations of $752 million, compared with $877 million in the corresponding period in
                                       2024, a decrease of 14.3%, and $933 million in the fourth quarter of 2024.
                                       Contribution to adjusted net earnings from continuing operations of $850 million, compared with $845 million in the corresponding
                                       period in 2024, an increase of 0.6%, and $928 million in the fourth quarter of 2024.




                                            A  16                                      P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


Main Drivers of Earnings
NET EAR NINGS AND ADJU STED NET EAR NING S FROM CONTINU ING OPERATIONS




                                                                                                                                  PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
The Corporation’s net earnings for the three-month period ended March 31, 2025 decreased by $69 million or 9.1% and
adjusted net earnings increased by $77 million or 10.8% from the corresponding quarter in 2024:
  Lifeco: contribution to net earnings decreased by $115 million or 16.4% and the contribution to adjusted net earnings
    increased by $37 million or 5.6%.
  IGM: contribution to net earnings and adjusted net earnings increased by $8 million or 5.8%, and by $9 million or 6.4%,
    respectively.
  GBL: contribution to net earnings of $25 million and to adjusted net earnings of $3 million in the first quarter of 2025,
    compared with a contribution to net earnings and adjusted net earnings of $54 million in the corresponding quarter in 2024.
  Sagard and Power Sustainable: net earnings (asset management and investing activities) include a positive contribution
    of $37 million from Sagard and a negative contribution of $15 million from Power Sustainable in the first quarter of 2025,
    compared with a positive contribution of $5 million from Sagard and a negative contribution of $10 million from Power
    Sustainable in the corresponding quarter in 2024. Adjusted net earnings (asset management and investing activities)
    include a positive contribution of $37 million from Sagard and a negative contribution of $3 million from Power
    Sustainable, compared with a positive contribution of $5 million from Sagard and a negative contribution of $35 million
    from Power Sustainable in the corresponding quarter in 2024.

A discussion of the results of Lifeco, IGM, GBL and Sagard and Power Sustainable is provided in the sections “Lifeco”, “IGM
Financial”, “GBL” and “Sagard and Power Sustainable” in the section “Review of Segments and Operating Results” below.
For additional discussion of the results of Lifeco and IGM, refer to Parts B and C, respectively, of this MD&A.




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5   A  17
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       REVIEW OF SEGMENTS AND OPERATIN G RESULTS




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       PUBLICLY TRADED OPERATING COMPANIES

                                       Lifeco

                                       OVER VIEW OF THE BUS INES S
                                       Lifeco is a financial services holding company with interests in the life insurance, health insurance, retirement savings, wealth
                                       and asset management and reinsurance businesses. Lifeco operates primarily in Canada, the U.S. and Europe under the
                                       brands Canada Life, Empower and Irish Life. For reporting purposes, Lifeco has four major reportable segments: the United
                                       States, Canada, Europe, and Capital and Risk Solutions. In the first quarter of 2025, Lifeco updated its lines of business,
                                       previously referred to as value drivers, and made certain other segment changes; refer to the discussion “2025 Developments”
                                       below. Lifeco focuses on four key lines of business that extend across its reportable operating segments: Retirement (serves
                                       the retirement needs of customers, primarily through employer plan sponsor-enabled relationships); Wealth (advice-enabled
                                       wealth management solutions for retail customers including retail savings and wealth products); Group Benefits (serves the
                                       insurance needs of customers primarily through employer plan sponsor-enabled relationships including Group Life & Health,
                                       and other group businesses); and Insurance & Risk Solutions (including life insurance, disability, and critical illness coverage
                                       for individuals, and payout annuities for individuals and pension plans as well as reinsurance).
                                       The United States segment is operated by Empower through the Empower Workplace and the Empower Wealth business
                                       units. The Empower Workplace business unit, which aligns with the Retirement line of business, specializes in saving, investing
                                       and advisory services through employer-sponsored defined contribution, defined benefit and non-qualified plans. The
                                       Empower Wealth business unit provides extensive retail wealth management products and services tailored to individuals
                                       and offers individual retirement accounts, after-tax investment accounts, high-net-worth wealth management and an array of
                                       financial planning solutions integrating digitally advanced tools and platforms. The United States segment also includes an
                                       allocation of a portion of Lifeco’s Corporate results and the results of Putnam, classified as discontinued operations.
                                       The Canada segment is operated by Canada Life, offering a broad portfolio of financial and benefit plan solutions for
                                       individuals, families, businesses and organizations through four distinct lines of business: Retirement, Wealth, Group Benefits
                                       and Insurance and Annuities and includes an allocation of a portion of Lifeco’s Corporate results. Through the Retirement
                                       business unit, Lifeco offers group retirement and investment product lines, including retirement savings and income and
                                       annuity products. Through the Wealth business unit, Canada Life provides wealth savings and income products and services
                                       to individual customers. Through the Group Benefits business unit, Canada Life offers group life and health benefits and
                                       group product lines, including life, accidental death and dismemberment, critical illness, disability, health and dental
                                       protection, creditor insurance, and other speciality products to group clients in Canada. The Insurance & Annuities business
                                       unit offers individual life, disability and critical illness insurance products and services, as well as individual life annuities and
                                       single-premium group annuities.
                                       The Europe segment comprises four distinct lines of business: Retirement, Wealth, Group Benefits and Insurance & Annuities.
                                       The Europe segment operates under the Canada Life brand in the U.K. and Germany and under the Irish Life brand in Ireland
                                       along with other acquired brands within the broker market in Ireland and includes an allocation of a portion of Lifeco’s
                                       Corporate results. The Retirement business unit includes group retirement and employee benefit consulting services in
                                       Ireland, and the Group Benefits business unit consists of group life and health insurance business in the U.K. and Ireland. The
                                       Wealth business unit consists of investment products offered in the U.K., pension, savings and investment products offered in
                                       Ireland and pension products offered in Germany. The core products offered are investments, including life bonds, retirement
                                       drawdown and pension. The Insurance & Annuities business unit consists of bulk and individual payout annuities offered in
                                       the U.K. and Ireland, equity-release mortgages offered in the U.K., and individual protection insurance offered in Ireland and
                                       Germany.
                                       The Capital and Risk Solutions segment includes Lifeco’s reinsurance business under the Insurance & Risk Solutions line of
                                       business, which operates primarily in the U.S., Barbados, Bermuda and Ireland. Reinsurance products are provided through
                                       Canada Life and its subsidiaries and include both reinsurance and retrocession business transacted directly with clients or
                                       through reinsurance brokers.
                                       The Corporate business unit includes operating results for activities of Lifeco that are not directly associated with the major
                                       business units, including certain overhead expenses, financing charges and related taxes, the results of PanAgora Asset
                                       Management (PanAgora), dividend income from shareholdings of Franklin Templeton, and the results of the U.S. insurance
                                       portfolio including a retained block of life insurance, predominately participating policies, which are now administered by
                                       Protective Life Insurance Company, as well as a closed life retrocession block and guaranteed lifetime withdrawal benefit
                                       (GLWB) product.
                                       See Part B of this MD&A for additional information on Lifeco.




                                           A  18                                      P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


2025 DEVELOPMENTS
Disclosure Enhancements: Lifeco has updated its disclosures for 2025 to provide enhanced information for analysts, investors
and other stakeholders and accordingly has restated the comparative results for 2024 to conform with the updated segment




                                                                                                                                     PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
and line of business classifications as noted below. There is no change to total Lifeco adjusted net earnings or net earnings
on a consolidated basis as a result of these reclassifications. For additional information, refer to the section “Summary of
Earnings Reclassifications” in Part B of this MD&A. Amongst other enhancements, those related to Lifeco’s segmented
operating results include:
  Separating Workplace Solutions – Separated the current Workplace Solutions line of business results into Retirement and
    Group Benefits to provide greater clarity on the distinct drivers of earnings growth for each business. Within the Group
    Benefits line of business, key metrics are presented by Lifeco separately for group insurance and administrative services only
    (ASO) products.
  Reclassifying certain expenses, financing charges and related taxes – Reclassified certain expenses, financing charges, and
    related taxes and other items that are not directly associated with the Company's operating segments to the Corporate
    segment. This change will better reflect the performance of each of Lifeco’s operating segments on a standalone basis.
  Reclassification of certain businesses or results previously attributed to the United States segment – Reclassified results of
    PanAgora, Franklin Templeton shareholdings, legacy insurance portfolios and GLWB product previously attributed to the
    United States segment to the Corporate segment. This change will better highlight the results of Empower and exclude
    results that are not part of Empower's primary business going forward.
  More granular assets under administration disclosures – Enhanced disclosure of the components of total assets under
    administration including assets under management and advisement and assets under administration only, the total of which
    is total client assets. Total client assets, when combined with other balance sheet assets, equals total assets under
    administration. This change provides greater visibility into the scale of wealth management and higher value-added
    solutions within Lifeco’s portfolio.
Business Transformation Costs: Lifeco plans to incur an estimated $250 million to $300 million of post-tax business
transformation costs by March 31, 2028 through its investment in modernized technology platforms and retiring legacy
systems as well as enhanced productivity through increased automation and leveraging a global workplace.




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5   A  19
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       R ES U LTS
                                       Contribution to Power Corporation




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                                                                                     March 31,             December 31,          March 31,
                                       Three months ended                                                                                                                2025                    2024                2024
                                       Average direct ownership (%)                                                                                                        68.3                      68.2            68.2
                                       Contribution to earnings
                                         Net earnings from continuing operations                                                                                           580                        735            689
                                         Adjusted net earnings from continuing operations                                                                                  698                        749            658

                                       Dividend received                                                                                                                   388                        353            353

                                                                                                                                                                                                  March 31,   December 31,
                                       As at                                                                                                                                                          2025          2024
                                       Contribution to holding company balance sheets
                                         Investment in Lifeco, carrying value                                                                                                                      17,384         17,108
                                         % of total holding company assets                                                                                                                           59.8            59.6

                                          Investment in Lifeco, fair value                                                                                                                         35,827         30,292
                                          % of total holding company assets, at fair value                                                                                                           71.4            67.7



                                       Reconciliation of contribution to net earnings and adjusted net earnings of Power Corporation
                                                                                                                                                                       March 31,            December 31,         March 31,
                                       Three months ended                                                                                                                 2025                    2024               2024

                                       Contribution to Power Corporation’s:
                                          Adjusted net earnings from continuing operations
                                               As reported by Lifeco                                                                                                        703                        760           666
                                               Effect of consolidation 1                                                                                                       (5)                     (11)            (8)
                                                                                                                                                                            698                        749           658
                                          Adjustments
                                               As reported by Lifeco                                                                                                       (116)                         1             36
                                               Effect of consolidation 2                                                                                                       (2)                     (15)            (5)
                                                                                                                                                                           (118)                       (14)            31
                                          Net earnings from continuing operations                                                                                           580                        735           689
                                          Net earnings (loss) from discontinued operations – Putnam                                                                             −                        −            (48)
                                          Net earnings                                                                                                                      580                        735           641
                                       1 The Effect of consolidation includes the elimination of intercompany transactions and the application of the Corporation’s accounting method for investments under
                                         common control including an adjustment for Lifeco’s investment in PSEIP, PSM and SHMI and an allocation of the results of the fintech portfolio.
                                       2 Refer to the section “Adjustments” below for details of Effect of consolidation.




                                       Adjusted and net earnings per share as reported by Lifeco
                                                                                                                                                                       March 31,            December 31,         March 31,
                                       Three months ended                                                                                                                  2025                   2024               2024

                                       Adjusted net earnings from continuing operations 1 2                                                                                 1.11                      1.20           1.05
                                       Adjustments 3                                                                                                                       (0.19)                        −           0.05
                                       Net earnings from continuing operations 1                                                                                            0.92                      1.20           1.10
                                                       1
                                       Net earnings                                                                                                                         0.92                      1.20           1.03
                                       1 Attributable to Lifeco common shareholders.
                                       2 Defined as “base earnings per common share” by Lifeco, a non-IFRS ratio; refer to the section “Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios” in Part B of this MD&A.
                                       3 See the section “Adjustments” below.




                                               A  20                                                P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


Contribution to adjusted and net earnings by segments as reported by Lifeco
                                                                                                                                   March 31,   December 31,              March 31,
                                                                                                                                       2025             2024                  2024




                                                                                                                                                                                         PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
Three months ended                                                                                                                                 (restated) 1          (restated) 1

Adjusted net earnings from continuing operations 2 3
   United States                                                                                                                       365              381                   302
   Canada                                                                                                                              316              362                   340
   Europe                                                                                                                              239              260                   226
   Capital and Risk Solutions                                                                                                          213              232                   205
   Corporate                                                                                                                          (103)            (120)                   (95)
                                                                                                                                     1,030            1,115                   978
Adjustments 4
   Market experience relative to expectations 5                                                                                        (91)              38                   107
   Assumption changes and management actions 5                                                                                         (32)              16                     (1)
   Other non-market related impacts 6                                                                                                  (47)              (53)                  (53)
                                                                                                                                      (170)                1                    53
                                                        2
Net earnings from continuing operations
   United States                                                                                                                       338              333                   242
   Canada                                                                                                                              301              377                   391
   Europe                                                                                                                              167              339                   216
   Capital and Risk Solutions                                                                                                          184              203                   270
   Corporate                                                                                                                          (130)            (136)                   (88)
                                                        2
Net earnings from continuing operations                                                                                                860            1,116                 1,031
Net earnings (loss) from discontinued operations – Putnam                                                                                −                 −                 (115)
Net gain from disposal of discontinued operations – Putnam                                                                               −                 −                    44
Net earnings 2                                                                                                                         860            1,116                   960
1 In the first quarter of 2025, Lifeco made disclosure enhancements to the segment and line of business classifications and has restated the comparative results for 2024 to
  conform with the current presentation. For additional information, refer to the section “Summary of Earnings Reclassifications” in Part B of this MD&A.
2 Attributable to Lifeco common shareholders.
3 Defined as “base earnings (loss)” by Lifeco, a non-IFRS financial measure; refer to Part B of this MD&A for additional details including a definition and reconciliation by segment.
4 See the section “Adjustments” below. Described as “items excluded from base earnings” by Lifeco; refer to Part B of this MD&A.
5 Refer to Part B of this MD&A for more details, including a definition of these Adjustments.
6 Includes business transformation impacts (including restructuring and integration costs as well as acquisition and divestiture costs), amortization of acquisition-related
  intangible assets and tax legislative changes and other tax impacts.



                                                                         Q1 2025 vs. Q1 2024 and Q4 2024

Net earnings
$860 million or $0.92 per share, compared with $960 million or $1.03 per share in the corresponding period in 2024, a decrease
of 10.7% on a per share basis, and $1,116 million or $1.20 per share in the fourth quarter of 2024.

Net earnings from continuing operations
$860 million or $0.92 per share, compared with $1,031 million or $1.10 per share in the corresponding period in 2024, a decrease
of 16.4% on a per share basis, and $1,116 million or $1.20 per share in the fourth quarter of 2024.

Adjusted net earnings from continuing operations
$1,030 million or $1.11 per share, compared with $978 million or $1.05 per share in the corresponding period in 2024, an increase
of 5.7% on a per share basis, and $1,115 million or $1.20 per share in the fourth quarter of 2024.




                                     P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                        A  21
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       UNITED STATES (CONTINUING OPERATIONS)
                                       Net earnings from continuing operations in the three-month period ended March 31, 2025 increased by US$57 million
                                       (C$96 million) to US$237 million (C$338 million), compared with the corresponding quarter in 2024. Adjusted net earnings




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       were US$255 million (C$365 million) in the three-month period ended March 31, 2025, an increase of US$30 million
                                       (C$63 million), compared with the corresponding quarter in 2024, primarily due to:
                                         An increase in fee income driven by higher average assets from higher equity market levels and growth in the business; and
                                         Lower expenses compared with the corresponding quarter in 2024 driven by cost-saving synergies related to the
                                           Prudential full-service retirement services business acquisition.
                                        Partially offset by:
                                         Writedowns on three U.S. commercial mortgage loans in the current year (US$26 million post-tax); and
                                         Higher paid crediting rates resulting in lower spread income.
                                       Adjusted net earnings in the three-month period ended March 31, 2025 excluded Adjustments of negative US$18 million
                                       (C$27 million), compared with negative US$45 million (C$60 million) in the corresponding quarter in 2024. The decrease in
                                       negative Adjustments was primarily due to higher restructuring and integration expenses in the first quarter of 2024.

                                       CANADA
                                       Net earnings in the three-month period ended March 31, 2025 decreased by $90 million to $301 million, compared with the
                                       corresponding quarter in 2024. Adjusted net earnings in the three-month period ended March 31, 2025 were $316 million, a
                                       decrease of $24 million compared with the corresponding quarter in 2024, primarily due to:
                                         Lower contractual service margin (CSM) recognized for services provided driven by assumption changes in 2024;
                                         Less favourable Group Benefits life experience; and
                                         Lower earnings on surplus.
                                        Partially offset by:
                                         Favourable net fee income in Retirement and Wealth driven by strong asset growth; and
                                         Favourable investment results driven by higher expected non-fixed income returns.
                                       Adjusted net earnings in the three-month period ended March 31, 2025 excluded Adjustments of negative $15 million,
                                       compared with Adjustments of positive $51 million in the corresponding quarter in 2024. Market experience relative to
                                       expectations was negative $10 million in the first quarter of 2025, compared with positive $67 million in the corresponding
                                       quarter in 2024, primarily due to less favourable interest rate movements and less favourable private equity returns.

                                       EUROPE
                                       Net earnings in the three-month period ended March 31, 2025 decreased by $49 million to $167 million, compared with the
                                       corresponding quarter in 2024. Adjusted net earnings in the three-month period ended March 31, 2025 were $239 million,
                                       an increase of $13 million compared with the corresponding quarter in 2024, primarily due to:
                                         Higher net fee income in Ireland and the U.K. driven by strong average asset growth;
                                         Higher CSM recognized for services provided by business growth and assumption changes in the prior year; and
                                         The impact of currency movement;
                                         Partially offset by lower earnings on surplus, primarily due to lower asset volumes driven by higher remittances to the
                                           Lifeco holding company.
                                       Adjusted net earnings in the three-month period ended March 31, 2025 excluded Adjustments of negative $72 million,
                                       compared with Adjustments of negative $10 million in the corresponding quarter in 2024. Market experience relative to
                                       expectations was negative $36 million, compared with negative $12 million in the corresponding quarter in 2024, primarily
                                       due to the impact of increases in longer-term risk-free interest rates, partially offset by less unfavourable commercial property
                                       returns compared with the corresponding quarter in 2024. Assumption changes and management actions were negative
                                       $24 million, compared with nil in the corresponding quarter in 2024. For additional information, refer to the section
                                       “Assumption Changes and Management Actions” in Part B of this MD&A.

                                       CAPITAL AND RISK SOLUTIONS
                                       Net earnings in the three-month period ended March 31, 2025 decreased by $86 million to $184 million, compared with the
                                       corresponding quarter in 2024. Adjusted net earnings in the three-month period ended March 31, 2025 were $213 million,
                                       an increase of $8 million compared with the corresponding quarter in 2024, as business growth was partially offset by
                                       unfavourable experience. Experience in the three-month period ended March 31, 2025 included a net provision for estimated
                                       claims resulting from the impact of the California wildfires of $21 million after-tax as well as unfavourable claims experience
                                       in the U.S. life business, partially offset by other favourable experience.
                                       Adjusted net earnings in the three-month period ended March 31, 2025 excluded Adjustments of negative $29 million,
                                       compared with Adjustments of positive $65 million in the corresponding quarter in 2024, primarily due to interest rate and
                                       credit spread movements relative to expectations.



                                           A  22                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


ADJUSTMENTS
Adjustments are items excluded from net earnings from continuing operations in the determination of adjusted net earnings
by Lifeco’s management. Refer to the further discussion above in each of Lifeco’s operating segments.




                                                                                                                                                                                 PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
In the first quarter of 2025, Adjustments with a net negative earnings impact of $170 million after tax consist of:
   Market experience relative to expectations of negative $91 million after tax (negative $113 million pre-tax);
   Assumption changes and management actions of negative $32 million after tax (negative $42 million pre-tax);
   Amortization of acquisition-related finite life intangibles of negative $37 million after tax (negative $51 million pre-tax); and
   Business transformation impacts of negative $10 million after tax (negative $13 million pre-tax).
In the first quarter of 2024, Adjustments with a net positive earnings impact of $53 million after tax consisted of:
   Market experience relative to expectations of positive $107 million after tax (positive $136 million pre-tax); and
   A positive impact from tax legislative changes and other tax impacts 1 of $34 million.                                       1




  Partially offset by:
   Assumption changes and management actions of negative $1 million after tax (positive $3 million pre-tax);
   Business transformation impacts of negative $49 million after tax (negative $67 million pre-tax); and
   Amortization of acquisition-related finite life intangibles of negative $38 million after tax (negative $50 million pre-tax).
In the fourth quarter of 2024, Adjustments with a net positive earnings impact of $1 million after tax consisted of:
   Market experience relative to expectations of positive $38 million after tax (positive $59 million pre-tax);
   Assumption changes and management actions of positive $16 million after tax (positive $21 million pre-tax); and
   A positive impact from tax legislative changes and other tax impacts of $14 million.
  Partially offset by:
   Amortization of acquisition-related finite life intangibles of negative $37 million after tax (negative $51 million pre-tax); and
   Business transformation impacts of negative $30 million after tax (negative $34 million pre-tax).

The information above has been derived from Lifeco’s interim and most recent annual MD&A; see Part B of this MD&A for
additional information on Lifeco’s interim results. Lifeco’s interim and most recent annual MD&A are available under its profile
on SEDAR+ (www.sedarplus.ca).




1 The GMT legislation was enacted in Canada on June 20, 2024, retroactive to January 1, 2024. The negative impact recognized in the second quarter of 2024 included a
  $34 million retroactive impact for the first quarter of 2024 as a result of Canada’s enactment of legislation in the second quarter. The adjusted net earnings for the first
  quarter of 2024 have been presented on a pro forma basis as if the legislation had been enacted in the first quarter of 2024, reflecting the impact to adjusted net earnings
  of $34 million. Refer to Part B of this MD&A for further details.


                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                  A  23
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       IGM Financial

                                       OVER VIEW OF THE BUS INES S




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       IGM is a leading wealth and asset management company supporting advisors and the clients they serve in Canada, and
                                       institutional investors globally. IGM’s core business is comprised of wealth manager IG Wealth Management and asset
                                       manager Mackenzie Investments. IGM also holds a number of strategic investments that provide benefits to the operating
                                       subsidiaries while furthering IGM’s growth prospects. IGM has three reportable segments: Wealth Management, Asset
                                       Management, and Corporate and Other.
                                       The Wealth Management segment reflects the activities of its core business and strategic investments that are principally
                                       focused on providing financial planning and related services to retail client households. This segment includes the activities
                                       of IG Wealth Management, a retail distribution organization that serves Canadian households through its securities dealer,
                                       mutual fund dealer and other subsidiaries licensed to distribute financial products and services. IG Wealth Management
                                       provides clients with personalized advice, comprehensive financial planning, insurance and mortgage services and
                                       professionally managed investment solutions. IG Wealth Management distinguishes itself from its competition by offering
                                       comprehensive planning to its clients that synchronizes their financial lives. This segment also includes the investment
                                       management activities of these organizations, including mutual fund management and discretionary portfolio management
                                       services, as well as IGM’s strategic investments in Rockefeller (classified as an investment in an associate) and Wealthsimple
                                       (classified by IGM as an investment at FVOCI).
                                       The Asset Management segment reflects the activities of its core business and strategic investments primarily focused on
                                       providing investment management services. This segment includes the operations of Mackenzie Investments which provides
                                       investment management services to a suite of investment funds that are distributed through third-party dealers and financial
                                       advisors, and through institutional advisory mandates to financial institutions, pensions and other institutional investors.
                                       Mackenzie Investments is a diversified asset management solutions provider and provides investment management and
                                       related services with a wide range of investment mandates through a boutique structure and multiple distribution channels.
                                       Mackenzie seeks to be Canada’s preferred global asset management solutions provider and business partner. This segment
                                       also includes IGM’s strategic investments in ChinaAMC and Northleaf which are both classified as an investment in an
                                       associate.
                                       The Corporate and Other segment primarily represents the investments made by IGM in Lifeco and the Portage Ventures
                                       Funds (refer to the section “Sagard and Power Sustainable”), IGM’s unallocated capital, as well as consolidation elimination
                                       entries.
                                       See Part C of this MD&A for additional information on IGM.

                                       R ES U LTS
                                       Contribution to Power Corporation
                                                                                                                                                         March 31,             December 31,          March 31,
                                       Three months ended                                                                                                   2025                     2024                2024
                                       Average direct ownership (%)                                                                                            62.5                      62.2            62.2
                                       Contribution to earnings
                                         Net earnings from continuing operations                                                                               147                        180            134
                                         Adjusted net earnings from continuing operations                                                                      149                        161            133

                                       Dividend received                                                                                                         83                        83             83

                                                                                                                                                                                      March 31,   December 31,
                                       As at                                                                                                                                              2025          2024
                                       Contribution to holding company balance sheets
                                         Investment in IGM, carrying value                                                                                                              4,148          4,094
                                         % of total holding company assets                                                                                                               14.3            14.3


                                         Investment in IGM, fair value                                                                                                                  6,547          6,792
                                         % of total holding company assets, at fair value                                                                                                13.0            15.2




                                               A  24                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


Reconciliation of contribution to net earnings and adjusted net earnings of Power Corporation
                                                                                                                                 March 31,   December 31,        March 31,
Three months ended                                                                                                                  2025           2024              2024




                                                                                                                                                                                PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
Contribution to Power Corporation’s
  Adjusted net earnings from continuing operations
     As reported by IGM 1                                                                                                            149            156               140
     Effect of consolidation 2                                                                                                          −              5                (7)
                                                                                                                                     149            161               133
   Adjustments
     As reported by IGM                                                                                                                (2)             3                (1)
     Effect of consolidation 3                                                                                                          −             16                 2
                                                                                                                                       (2)            19                 1
   Net earnings from continuing operations                                                                                           147            180               134
   Net earnings (loss) from discontinued operations
     Effect of consolidation 4                                                                                                          −              −                (1)
   Net earnings                                                                                                                      147            180               133
1 Based on adjusted net earnings available to IGM common shareholders.
2 The Effect of consolidation includes the elimination of intercompany transactions and the application of the Corporation’s accounting method for investments under
  common control including an allocation of the results of the fintech portfolio.
3 Refer to the section “Adjustments” below for details of Effect of consolidation.
4 Represents IGM’s share of the discontinued operations of Lifeco.




Adjusted and net earnings per share as reported by IGM
                                                                                                                                 March 31,   December 31,        March 31,
Three months ended                                                                                                                   2025          2024              2024

Adjusted net earnings 1 2                                                                                                           1.00            1.05             0.94
                34
Adjustments                                                                                                                         (0.02)          0.02                −
Net earnings 1                                                                                                                      0.98            1.07             0.94
1 Available to IGM common shareholders.
2 Adjusted net earnings per share is a non-IFRS ratio; refer to the section “Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures” in Part C of this MD&A.
3 See the section “Adjustments” below.
4 Described as “Other items” by IGM; refer to Part C of this MD&A.


Contribution to adjusted net earnings by segments and net earnings as reported by IGM
                                                                                                                                 March 31,   December 31,        March 31,
Three months ended                                                                                                                   2025          2024              2024

Wealth Management 1                                                                                                                  124            133               111
                        1
Asset Management                                                                                                                      87             87                87
Corporate and Other 1                                                                                                                 27             30                26
                            23
Adjusted net earnings                                                                                                                238            250               224
                34
Adjustments                                                                                                                            (4)             5                (1)
Net earnings 2                                                                                                                       234            255               223
1 Debt and interest expense is allocated to each segment based on IGM’s assessment of: i) capacity to service the debt, and ii) where the debt is being serviced.
2 Available to IGM common shareholders.
3 Adjusted net earnings is a non-IFRS financial measure; refer to Part C of this MD&A for additional details including a definition and reconciliation. IGM does not allocate
  Adjustments to segments.
4 Described as “Other items” by IGM; refer to Part C of this MD&A.


                                                                        Q1 2025 vs. Q1 2024 and Q4 2024

Net earnings
$234 million or $0.98 per share, compared with $223 million or $0.94 per share in the corresponding period in 2024, an increase of 4.3%
on a per share basis, and $255 million or $1.07 per share in the fourth quarter of 2024.

Adjusted net earnings
$238 million or $1.00 per share, compared with $224 million or $0.94 per share in the corresponding period in 2024, an increase of 6.4%
on a per share basis, and $250 million or $1.05 per share in the fourth quarter of 2024.




                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                 A  25
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       Adjusted net earnings exclude Adjustments of a negative earnings impact of $4 million in the three-month period ended
                                       March 31, 2025, compared with Adjustments of a negative earnings impact of $1 million in the corresponding period in 2024.
                                       These Adjustments are not allocated to segments. The following is a summary of each segment’s net earnings and adjusted




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       net earnings:

                                       WEALTH MANAGEMENT
                                       Adjusted net earnings increased by $13 million to $124 million in the three-month period ended March 31, 2025, compared
                                       with the corresponding quarter in 2024. Adjusted net earnings of Wealth Management include a negative contribution from
                                       strategic investments of $4 million, compared with a negative contribution of $6 million in the corresponding quarter of 2024.
                                       The contribution to adjusted net earnings from IG Wealth Management increased by $11 million to $128 million, primarily
                                       due to:
                                         An increase in income from advisory fees of $33 million to $342 million, primarily due to the increase in average assets
                                            under advisement (AUA) 1 of 14.9%, partially offset by one less day in 2025 compared with the same period in 2024, and
                                            a decrease in the advisory fee rate. The average advisory fee rate for the three-month period was 97.4 basis points of
                                            average AUA, compared with 100.3 basis points in the corresponding quarter in 2024. Fee rates are determined based
                                            on client AUA levels and the average rate will fluctuate based on changes in a client’s AUA as well as product mix; and                            1




                                         An increase in income from product and program fees of $30 million to $264 million, primarily due to the increase in
                                            average assets under management (AUM) 1 of 14.0%, partially offset by one less day in 2025 compared with the same
                                            period in 2024. The average product and program fee rate for the three-month period was 85.3 basis points of AUM,
                                            compared with 85.6 basis points in the corresponding quarter in 2024.
                                        Partially offset by:
                                         An increase in advisory and business development expenses of $31 million to $275 million in the three-month period
                                            which includes compensation paid to advisors, the majority of which varies directly with asset or sales levels. Asset-based
                                            compensation increased by $27 million to $184 million, primarily due to increases in AUA and other compensation
                                            changes. Sales-based compensation payments are based upon the level of net new assets contributed to client accounts
                                            and are capitalized and amortized as they reflect incremental costs to obtain a client contract. Sales-based compensation
                                            increased by $3 million to $28 million. Other advisory and business development expenses increased by $1 million to
                                            $63 million in the three-month period, primarily due to higher compensation paid on the distribution of insurance
                                            products;
                                         An increase in sub-advisory expenses of $6 million to $52 million, primarily due to changes in AUM;
                                         A decrease in other financial planning revenues of $4 million to $37 million, primarily due to lower earnings from the
                                            mortgage banking operations and lower revenues from the distribution of banking products, partially offset by higher
                                            revenue related to distribution of insurance products. The lower earnings in the mortgage banking operations in the
                                            three-month period were due to a decrease in fair value adjustments;
                                         A decrease in net investment income of $3 million to $2 million. Net investment income and other consists of unrealized
                                            gains or losses on investments in proprietary funds, investment income earned on cash and cash equivalents and
                                            securities, and other income not related to IG Wealth Management’s core business. It also includes a charge from the
                                            Corporate and Other segment for the use of unallocated capital;
                                         An increase in operations and support expenses of $3 million to $118 million, which includes costs that support wealth
                                            management and other general and administrative functions such as product management, technology and operations,
                                            as well as other functional business units and corporate expenses; and
                                         An increase in income taxes of $4 million to $47 million.




                                       1 Refer to the section “Other Measures” for a definition of AUM and AUA.


                                            A  26                                                P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


ASSET MANAGEMENT
The Asset Management segment includes the fees received from IGM’s investment funds, Wealth Management segment and
third parties for investment management services.




                                                                                                                                                                          PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
Adjusted net earnings were $87 million in the three-month period ended March 31, 2025, comparable with the corresponding
quarter in 2024. Adjusted net earnings of Asset Management includes a positive contribution of $34 million from strategic
investments, compared with $30 million in the corresponding quarter in 2024. The adjusted net earnings of Mackenzie
decreased by $5 million to $53 million, primarily due to:
   An increase in expenses of $13 million to $124 million, primarily due to an increase in operations and support expenses
      of $8 million and an increase in advisory and business development expenses of $5 million in the three-month period.
      Advisory and business development expenses primarily include wholesale distribution activities which vary directly with
      assets or sales levels. Operations and support expenses include costs associated with business operations, including
      technology and business processes, in-house investment management and product shelf management, corporate
      management and support functions. These expenses primarily reflect compensation, technology and other service
      provider expenses; and
   A decrease in net investment income and other of $5 million to $2 million. Net investment income and other primarily
      includes investment returns related to Mackenzie’s investments in proprietary funds, which are generally made in the
      process of launching a fund and are sold as third-party investors subscribe.
  Partially offset by:
   An increase in net asset management fees, which is asset management fees offset by dealer compensation expenses, of
      $12 million to $201 million. Net asset management fees – third party were $169 million, an increase of $9 million
      compared with the corresponding quarter in 2024, primarily due to an increase in the average AUM of 9.3%, partially
      offset by a decrease in the net asset management fee rate. Mackenzie’s net asset management fee rate was 51.8 basis
      points for the three months ended March 31, 2025, compared with 53.0 basis points in the corresponding quarter in
      2024. In addition to these factors, there was one less calendar day in the first quarter of 2025 as compared with the first
      quarter of 2024. Asset management fees – Wealth Management were $32 million, an increase of $3 million from the
      corresponding quarter in 2024; and
   A decrease in income taxes of $2 million to $19 million.

ASSETS UNDER MANAGEMENT AND ADVISEMENT
AUA are a key performance indicator for the Wealth Management segment.
AUM are the key driver of the Asset Management segment and an additional driver of revenues and expenses within the
Wealth Management segment in relation to its investment management activities.
Total assets under management and advisement (AUM&A) were as follows:
                                                                                                             March 31,          December 31,   March 31,   December 31,
(In billions of dollars)                                                                                         2025                 2024         2024          2023

Wealth Management
    IG Wealth Management AUM                                                                                    124.6                123.2       113.6          107.6
    IG Wealth Management other AUA                                                                                16.9                 17.2       14.4            13.6
Assets under advisement                                                                                         141.5                140.4       128.0          121.2
Asset Management
    Third-party AUM                                                                                             133.5                129.9       124.2          118.9
    Sub-advisory and AUM to Wealth Management                                                                     85.1                 83.4       79.5            76.8
Assets under management                                                                                         218.6                213.3       203.7          195.7
                   1
Consolidated
    Assets under management                                                                                     258.1                253.1       237.7          226.6
                                                            2
    Assets under management and advisement                                                                      275.0                270.4       252.2          240.2
1 Represents the consolidated AUM&A of IGM. In the Wealth Management segment, assets under management is a component part of assets under advisement. All
  instances where the Asset Management segment is providing investment management services or distributing its products through the Wealth Management segment are
  eliminated in IGM’s reporting such that there is no double counting of the same client savings held at IGM’s core businesses.
2 Includes adjustment representing the elimination of double counting where business is reflected within multiple segments.




                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                A  27
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       Total average assets under management and advisement were as follows:
                                                                                                                                                    2025                                                      2024




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       (In billions of dollars)                                                                                       Q1                     Q4                 Q3      Q2      Q1
                                       Wealth Management
                                         IG Wealth Management AUA                                                                                142.5                   139.4            132.9      128.1   124.0
                                         IG Wealth Management AUM                                                                                125.5                   123.3            117.7      113.5   110.0
                                       Asset Management
                                         Third-party AUM                                                                                         132.2                   130.0            125.7      122.8   121.0
                                         Total AUM                                                                                               217.5                   213.9            207.5      201.8   198.9
                                                          1
                                       Consolidated
                                         Assets under management                                                                                 257.7                   253.3            243.4      236.3   231.0
                                         Assets under management and advisement 2                                                                274.7                   269.3            258.6      250.9   245.0
                                       1 Represents the consolidated AUM&A of IGM. All instances where the Asset Management segment is providing investment management services or distributing its
                                         products through the Wealth Management segment are eliminated in IGM’s reporting such that there is no double counting of the same client savings held at IGM’s core
                                         businesses.
                                       2 Includes adjustment representing the elimination of double counting where business is reflected within multiple segments.


                                       ADJUSTMENTS
                                       Adjustments are items excluded from net earnings in the determination of adjusted net earnings by IGM’s management.
                                       In the first quarter of 2025, adjusted net earnings excluded a negative impact of $4 million related to IGM’s proportionate
                                       share of Lifeco’s adjustments.
                                       In the first quarter of 2024, adjusted net earnings excluded a negative impact of $1 million related to IGM’s proportionate
                                       share of Lifeco’s adjustments.
                                       In the fourth quarter of 2024, adjusted net earnings excluded a positive impact of $5 million, related to the benefit from a tax
                                       loss consolidation transaction that IGM has entered into with a subsidiary of the Corporation.


                                       The information above has been derived from IGM’s interim and most recent annual MD&A; see Part C of this MD&A for
                                       additional information on IGM’s interim results. IGM’s interim and most recent annual MD&A are available under its profile on
                                       SEDAR+ (www.sedarplus.ca).




                                             A  28                                                P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


GBL

OVER VIEW OF THE BUS INES S




                                                                                                                                                                PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
GBL is an established investment holding company. As a leading and active investor in Europe, GBL is focused on long-term
value creation with the support of a stable family shareholder base. GBL aims to grow its diversified high-quality portfolio of
listed, direct private and indirect private investments. GBL Capital, the GBL group’s indirect private investment activity,
provides additional sources of diversification to GBL’s portfolio. In addition, GBL is developing its third-party asset
management activity through GBL Capital and Sienna Investment Managers. GBL’s portfolio is composed of global
companies, leaders in their sectors, in which GBL can contribute to value creation by being an active professional investor.
At March 31, 2025, GBL’s portfolio was mainly comprised of the following investments (% equity ownership):
LISTED ASSETS
   Imerys (EPA: NK) (54.7%) – industrial mineral-based specialty                            Umicore (EBR: UMI) (15.9%) – automotive catalysts, cathode
      solutions                                                                                 materials for batteries and precious metals recycling
   SGS (SIX: SGSN) (14.6%) – testing, inspection and certification                          Concentrix (NASDAQ: CNXC) (13.6%) – global provider of
      solutions                                                                                 customer experience (CX) solutions and technologies
   Pernod Ricard (EPA: RI) (6.8%) – spirits                                                 Ontex (EBR: ONTEX) (19.98%) – provider of personal hygiene
   adidas (XETR: ADS) (3.5%) – design, development and                                         solutions
      distribution of sporting goods

DIRECT PRIVATE ASSETS
   Affidea (99.1%) – provider of advanced diagnostics and                                   Parques Reunidos (23.0%) – operator of leisure parks
      outpatient services                                                                    Voodoo (15.0%) – developer and publisher of mobile games
   Sanoptis (84.8%) – provider of ophthalmology services
   Canyon (49.8%) – direct-to-consumer manufacturer of
      premium bicycles

Through GBL Capital and Sienna Investment Managers, GBL has expanded its activities into indirect private assets and third-
party asset management. GBL Capital invests in externally managed funds and direct co-investments allocated to buyout,
venture capital/growth, private credit and hedge funds. Sienna Investment Managers offers a full range of investment
strategies spanning listed and private assets, with a long-term perspective and strong ESG focus. Strategies managed include
listed assets, private credit, real estate and hybrid assets.
GBL reported a net asset value (refer to the section “Other Measures”) at March 31, 2025 of €15,385 million or €111.17 per
share, compared with €15,681 million or €113.30 per share at December 31, 2024.

2025 DEVELOPMENTS
Disposal of SGS: In the first quarter of 2025, GBL completed the disposal of 8.5 million shares of SGS, reducing its interest
from 19.1% at December 31, 2024 to 14.6% at March 31, 2025, for total proceeds of €0.8 billion, generating a capital gain for
GBL of €0.2 billion (no impact on the net consolidated earnings in accordance with IFRS 9). Following the completion of the
transaction, GBL is still the largest shareholder of SGS and remains committed to supporting SGS with a long-term
perspective.
Dividend increase: On May 2, 2025, subsequent to quarter-end, GBL approved the previously announced dividend of €5.00
per share for fiscal year 2024, an increase of 82%, funded from its cash earnings and gains on disposals of a portion of its
interest in adidas.
Share repurchases: During the first quarter of 2025, GBL repurchased, directly and through its subsidiaries, 1.6 million shares
of its own capital for a total consideration of €110 million. On May 2, 2025, subsequent to quarter-end, GBL cancelled
5.2 million of its treasury shares.




                             P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                A  29
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       R ES U LTS
                                       Contribution to Power Corporation




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                                                                                    March 31,             December 31,          March 31,
                                       Three months ended                                                                                                              2025                     2024                2024
                                       Average direct ownership (%) 1                                                                                                     16.5                      16.5            15.5
                                       Contribution to earnings
                                         Net earnings                                                                                                                       25                        18             54
                                         Adjusted net earnings                                                                                                                3                       18             54

                                                                                                                                                                                                 March 31,   December 31,
                                       As at                                                                                                                                                         2025          2024
                                       Contribution to holding company balance sheets
                                         Investment in GBL, carrying value                                                                                                                         3,705          3,683
                                         % of total holding company assets                                                                                                                          12.8            12.8


                                          Investment in GBL, fair value                                                                                                                            2,348          2,162
                                          % of total holding company assets, at fair value                                                                                                            4.7            4.8
                                       1 Average direct ownership presented does not consider the effect of the treasury shares held by GBL. The average economic ownership including the effect of treasury
                                         shares was 18.4% for the three-month period ended March 31, 2025 (17.6% in the first quarter of 2024).


                                       Reconciliation of contribution to net earnings and adjusted net earnings of Power Corporation
                                                                                                                                                                      March 31,            December 31,         March 31,
                                       Three months ended                                                                                                                2025                    2024               2024
                                       Contribution to Power Corporation’s
                                         Adjusted net earnings                                                                                                                 3                       18            54
                                         Adjustments
                                            Share of Affidea's gain on debt modification                                                                                     22                         −              −
                                          Net earnings                                                                                                                       25                        18            54




                                       Contribution to net earnings as reported by GBL
                                       Three months ended                                                                                                            March 31,            December 31,          March 31,
                                       (in millions of euros)                                                                                                           2025                    2024                2024

                                       Share of earnings (loss) of associates and consolidated
                                        operating companies of:
                                          Imerys                                                                                                                            13                         27            38
                                          Parques Reunidos/Piolin II                                                                                                       (39)                       (18)           (27)
                                          Canyon                                                                                                                             (2)                      (19)            (3)
                                          Sanoptis                                                                                                                         (21)                       (36)           (12)
                                          Affidea                                                                                                                           84                          1             (8)
                                          GBL Capital and Sienna Investment Managers                                                                                         (4)                       (1)           30
                                                                                                                                                                            31                        (46)           18
                                       Net dividends from investments:
                                         SGS                                                                                                                                98                          −           126
                                         Pernod Ricard                                                                                                                        −                        40              −
                                         Concentrix                                                                                                                           5                         1              4
                                                                                                                                                                           103                         41           130
                                       Other financial income (expenses)
                                         Derivatives associated with exchangeable and
                                          convertible bonds                                                                                                                   −                         −              1
                                         Other financial income (expenses)                                                                                                    9                      144             54
                                                                                                                                                                              9                      144             55
                                       Other operating income (expenses)                                                                                                   (35)                       (51)           (37)
                                       Gains (losses) from disposals, impairments and reversals of
                                        non-current assets                                                                                                                   (1)                       (1)           30
                                       Interest income (expenses)                                                                                                          (13)                       (10)            (2)
                                       Net earnings 1 2                                                                                                                     94                         77           194
                                       1 Described as “IFRS consolidated net result” in GBL’s publicly disclosed information.
                                       2 Attributable to GBL shareholders.



                                               A  30                                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




                                                                  Q1 2025 vs. Q1 2024 and Q4 2024

Net earnings




                                                                                                                                                    PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
Net earnings of €94 million, compared with net earnings €194 million in the corresponding period in 2024, and net earnings of €77 million
in the fourth quarter of 2024.



For the three-month period ended March 31, 2025, net earnings were €94 million, compared with net earnings of €194 million
in the corresponding quarter in 2024. The decrease in net earnings of €100 million was mainly due to:
  A decrease in the contribution from other financial income of €46 million to a contribution to GBL of €9 million in the
     three-month period ended March 31, 2025, compared with a positive contribution of €55 million in the corresponding
     quarter in 2024. Other financial income includes a net increase in the fair value of GBL Capital’s investments in alternative
     funds and direct co-investments in private equity classified as FVPL of €5 million, compared with a net increase in fair
     value of €61 million in the corresponding quarter in 2024;
  A decrease in the contribution from gains (losses) from disposals, impairments and reversals of non-current assets of
     €31 million to a negative contribution to GBL of €1 million, compared with a contribution of €30 million in the
     corresponding quarter in 2024. The first quarter of 2024 included a gain related to the sale of one investment by GBL
     Capital;
  A decrease in dividends of €27 million to €103 million, mainly due to a decrease in the dividend received from SGS due to
     a decrease in GBL’s interest in the three-month period ended March 31, 2025; and
  An increase in the negative contribution from interest income (expenses) of €11 million to a negative contribution to GBL
     of €13 million, compared with a negative contribution of €2 million in the corresponding quarter in 2024.
Partially offset by:
  An increase in the positive contribution from the share of earnings of associates and consolidated operating companies
     of €13 million to a positive contribution to GBL of €31 million, compared with a positive contribution of €18 million for
     the corresponding quarter in 2024, mainly due to:
       An increase in the contribution from Affidea of €92 million to a contribution to GBL of €84 million. The contribution
          from Affidea in the first quarter of 2025 notably includes a positive impact of €82 million resulting from the
          renegotiation of its debt conditions, which will be offset with the amortization of the debt over its remaining term.
      Partially offset by:
       A decrease in the contribution from investments consolidated or accounted for using the equity method by GBL
          Capital and Sienna Investment Managers of €34 million to a negative contribution to GBL’s earnings of €4 million;
       A decrease in the contribution from Imerys of €25 million to a positive contribution to GBL of €13 million;
       An increase in the negative contribution from Parques Reunidos and Sanoptis of €21 million to a negative
          contribution to GBL of €39 million and €21 million, respectively; and
  A decrease in other operating expenses of €2 million to €35 million. Other operating expenses in the three-month period
     ended March 31, 2025 includes an expense of €6 million related to the carried interest program implemented in
     January 2024.

Average Exchange Rates
The average exchange rates for the three-month period ended March 31, 2025 and 2024 were as follows:
                                                                                                                 March 31,   March 31,
Three months ended                                                                                                   2025        2024    Change %


EUR/CAD                                                                                                            1.5110     1.4641         3.2


Adjustments
Management of the Corporation applies the definition of adjusted net earnings to the results reported by GBL and identifies
Adjustments. Adjustments are items excluded from GBL’s contribution to the Corporation’s net earnings in the determination
of the contribution to adjusted net earnings.
In the first quarter of 2025, Adjustments with a positive earnings impact of $22 million consisted of the Corporation’s
proportionate share of the earnings impact of Affidea, resulting from the renegotiation of its debt conditions.

GBL’s financial results and other disclosures have been derived from GBL’s publicly disclosed financial information, as issued
by GBL in its first quarter of 2025 press release. Further information on GBL’s results is available on its website (www.gbl.com).




                             P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                 A  31
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       OTHER COMPONENTS OF EARNINGS

                                       Sagard and Power Sustainable




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       The Corporation, through its alternative asset investment platforms, Sagard and Power Sustainable, continues to develop
                                       asset management businesses which build upon the investment capabilities that have been created over many years in several
                                       high-growth asset classes. The alternative asset investment platforms are focused on growing their asset management
                                       businesses through raising third-party capital as well as the expansion of strategies and asset classes:
                                          Sagard is a global multi-strategy alternative asset management firm active in venture capital, private equity, private credit
                                               and real estate. Sagard delivers flexible capital, an entrepreneurial culture, and a global network of investors, commercial
                                               partners, advisors, and value creation experts to its portfolio companies. Sagard also engages in private wealth
                                               management and holds strategic interests in other alternative asset management businesses. The firm has offices in
                                               Canada, the U.S., Europe and the Middle East.
                                          Power Sustainable is a sustainability-focused investment manager with offices in Canada and the U.S. Power Sustainable
                                               finances companies and projects aiming for both competitive returns and positive sustainability outcomes, and offers
                                               institutional investors exposure to alternative assets which aim to accelerate and scale sustainable solutions across
                                               multiple industries. Power Sustainable is currently comprised of four strategies: Power Sustainable Energy Infrastructure,
                                               Power Sustainable Infrastructure Credit, Power Sustainable Lios (agri-food private equity) and Power Sustainable Decarb PE.

                                       2025 DEVELOPMENTS
                                       Sagard
                                          GBL Investment in SHMI: On March 13, 2025, Sagard and GBL announced that GBL Capital will invest US$33 million and
                                               acquire a 5% interest (on a fully diluted basis) in SHMI. GBL has also agreed to make future commitments of €250 million
                                               over the next five years in Sagard-managed strategies. The transaction closed at the end of March 2025. This partnership
                                               reinforces Sagard’s long-term growth strategy, strengthening its capital base as well as solidifying GBL’s relationship as
                                               an anchor LP in certain strategies. The Corporation remains the controlling shareholder of SHMI and the transaction did
                                               not have a significant impact on the consolidated financial statements.
                                       SUBSEQUENT EVENT
                                          In April 2025, subsequent to quarter-end, SHMI announced a transaction to acquire a strategic interest in BEX Capital
                                               (BEX), a specialized secondaries investment firm with over US$2 billion of assets under management. Sagard’s investment
                                               in BEX marks a significant step in its expansion into private equity secondaries. The agreement includes a path for Sagard
                                               to acquire all of the remaining equity of BEX on December 31, 2029. The transaction is expected to close in the second
                                               quarter of 2025, subject to regulatory approvals and customary closing conditions.


                                       Sagard and Power Sustainable comprise the results of the investment platforms, which include income earned from asset
                                       management and investing activities:

                                                                                                                     SAGARD                                                         POWER SUSTAINABLE


                                                       Sagard and Power Sustainable are                      Fee-related earnings                                                     Fee-related earnings
                                           ASSET       focused on growing their asset
                                                                                                                        +                                                                       +
                                                       management businesses through
                                        MANAGEMENT
                                                       raising third-party capital as well as                    Carried Interest                                                        Carried Interest
                                                       the expansion of strategies and                              +                                                                        +
                                         ACTIVITIES
                                                       asset classes.                                Other management activities and                                            Other management activities
                                                                                                           strategic interests 1                                                  (Potentia and Nautilus) 1


                                                                                                Investment                    Accounting                           Investment                        Accounting
                                                       Power Corporation invests
                                                       proprietary capital in the strategies     Venture Capital             FVPL                                 Energy Infrastructure            Consolidated 2
                                         INVESTING     of its investment platforms to               Wealthsimple             Consolidated                         Infrastructure Credit            FVPL
                                                       support their growth and                  Private Equity              FVPL
                                          ACTIVITIES
                                                       development as asset managers
                                                       and seeks to earn attractive returns      Private Credit              FVPL
                                                       commensurate with the risk profile.       Real Estate                 FVPL


                                       1 Sagard includes the share of earnings of the private wealth investment platform and other strategic interests. Power Sustainable includes the other management activities
                                         (Potentia and Nautilus) performed on behalf of PSEIP, including operations and maintenance (O&M), valued-added and customer acquisition services.
                                       2 Investments in Energy Infrastructure are required to be consolidated in accordance with IFRS. Contribution to earnings represents the Corporation's share of earnings
                                         from the underlying activities of PSEIP and direct investments (i.e., revenues and expenses of projects, related financing expenses, depreciation, development and general
                                         and administrative (G&A) expenses), as well as the impact related to the revaluation of the equity interests held by third parties in PSEIP.




                                               A  32                                                P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


CONTRIBU TION TO POWER COR POR ATION
Summary of Adjusted and net earnings (loss) from Sagard and Power Sustainable:




                                                                                                                                                                              PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                                                 March 31,   December 31,      March 31,
Three months ended                                                                                                                   2025          2024            2024
Contribution to Power Corporation’s:
  Adjusted net earnings (loss)
     Asset management activities
        Sagard                                                                                                                         (4)            (1)              (1)
        Power Sustainable                                                                                                              (6)            (9)           (14)
     Investing activities (proprietary capital)
        Sagard                                                                                                                        41              34               6
        Power Sustainable                                                                                                               3            (34)           (21)
                                                                                                                                      34             (10)           (30)
   Adjustments
        Sagard                                                                                                                         −              16               −
        Power Sustainable                                                                                                            (12)            (28)             25
   Net earnings (loss)                                                                                                                22             (22)              (5)


The following sections discuss the overview and results of the asset management and investing activities of the investment
platforms.

ASS ET MANAG EMENT ACTIVITIES
Overview of the businesses
SAGARD
At March 31, 2025, Sagard had $39.9 billion (US$27.7 billion) of assets under management ($39.3 billion (US$27.3 billion) at
December 31, 2024), including unfunded commitments (refer to the section “Other Measures”), across four asset classes:
venture capital, private equity, private credit and real estate, including $1.2 billion through its private wealth investment
platform (same as at December 31, 2024). At March 31, 2025, assets under management managed through PEM’s fund of
funds, direct investment funds and separately managed accounts represented $5.2 billion (US$3.6 billion) within the venture
capital asset class and $7.9 billion (US$5.5 billion) within the private equity asset class.
Sagard manages assets within funds, separately managed accounts and co-investment vehicles. The composition by strategy
of the assets under management is as follows:
                                                                                                                                               March 31,    December 31,
(In billions of dollars)                                                                                                                           2025           2024

Venture Capital 1                                                                                                                                 11.6             11.3
Private Equity                                                                                                                                    13.2             12.9
Private Credit                                                                                                                                      6.7             6.6
Real Estate                                                                                                                                         7.4             7.4
Other 2                                                                                                                                             1.0             1.1
Assets under management                                                                                                                           39.9             39.3
   Power Corporation                                                                                                                                2.1               2.0

   Third parties and associated companies 3                                                                                                        37.8            37.3

Fee-bearing capital 4 5                                                                                                                           26.9             26.5
   Power Corporation                                                                                                                                1.1               1.1

   Third parties and associated companies       3
                                                                                                                                                   25.8            25.4
1 Includes inter-fund eliminations of Portage Ventures I and Portage Ventures II interests in the Diagram Funds within the Venture Capital asset class.
2 Includes assets managed through its private wealth investment platform, as well as inter-fund eliminations between the private wealth investment platform and other asset
  classes.
3 Associated companies includes commitments from management, as well as commitments from Lifeco, IGM and GBL.
4 Refer to the section “Other Measures”.
5 Excludes the fee-bearing capital of Sagard’s private wealth investment platform of $1.2 billion at March 31, 2025 (same as at December 31, 2024).


Sagard’s weighted average management fee rate (refer to the section “Other Measures”) was 0.87% for the three-month
period ended March 31, 2025, compared with 1.09% in the corresponding quarter in 2024. The decrease is primarily due to
the change in the composition of assets under management and related fee rates following the acquisition of PEM, a fund of
funds and co-investments manager, in the first quarter of 2024.


                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                A  33
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       The following table provides information on the funds managed by Sagard as well as the Corporation’s interests in each of
                                       the funds:




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       March 31, 2025                                                                                                              Interest held                           Manager compensation
                                       (in millions; except                                                        Capital                  Power Associated               Third                                         Carried
                                         as otherwise noted)                         Currency         Vintage commitments              Corporation companies 1            parties            Fees 2                     interest 3
                                                                                                                               ($)               (%)             (%)          (%)              (%)                           (%)

                                       Venture Capital
                                       Portage Ventures I 4                             C$                2016               476               38.1            61.9            −             2.00 Invested capital         10.0
                                       Portage Ventures II 5                            C$                2018               427               12.4            16.8        70.8              2.00 Invested capital         20.0
                                       Portage Ventures III 5                          US$                2021               655                 2.4           15.3        82.3              2.25 Invested capital         20.0
                                       Portage Ventures IV 6                           US$                2024               429                 5.8           16.3        77.9              2.50 Committed capital        20.0
                                       Portage Capital Solutions                       US$                2023               513               29.2            33.9        36.9              2.00 Committed capital        20.0
                                       Diagram Funds 7                                  C$       2016-2023                   400               17.7            17.5        64.8       1.00-2.50 Committed capital       nil-20.0
                                       PEM Venture Capital (PVC)
                                          PEM-PVC I                                    US$                2005               650                   −             0.3       99.7                 nil Committed capital        5.0
                                          PEM-PVC II-III                               US$       2008-2014                   833                   −             0.7       99.3       0.38-0.50 Committed capital            5.0
                                          PEM-PVC IV-V                                 US$       2018-2021                   473                   −             2.5       97.5       0.30-0.95 Committed capital            5.0
                                          PEM-PVC VI and SOF 6                         US$                2024               177                 2.8             1.0       96.2       0.30-0.95 Committed capital            5.0
                                       Private Equity
                                       Sagard Private Equity Canada                     C$                2021               407                 3.7           13.7        82.6              2.00 Committed capital        20.0
                                       Sagard MidCap II 5                                €                2007               728               22.4            25.6        51.9              1.75 Invested capital         20.0
                                       Sagard MidCap 3 5 8                               €                2013               729                 0.2           21.5        78.3              2.00 Invested capital         20.0
                                       Sagard MidCap 4                                   €                2020               815               18.6            21.7        59.7              1.75 Committed capital        20.0
                                       Sagard NewGen                                     €                2020               313                 6.0           12.6        81.4              2.00 Committed capital        20.0
                                       Sagard Private Equity Strategies 9              US$                2025                36               86.8              0.1       13.1       1.00-1.30 Net asset value            12.5
                                       PEM Direct Investment (PDI)
                                          PEM-PDI III-IV                               US$       2014-2019                   474                   −             2.4       97.6              1.00 Invested capital         10.0
                                          PEM-PDI V 6                                  US$                2024               230               13.1              1.0       85.9              1.00 Committed capital        10.0
                                       Private Credit
                                       Sagard Credit Partners I                        US$                2018               557               18.0              1.0       81.0              1.50 Invested capital         15.0
                                       Sagard Credit Partners II                       US$                2022            1,167                  4.3             5.2       90.5              1.50 Invested capital         20.0
                                       Sagard Senior Lending Partners                  US$                2023               501                   −           20.8        79.2              1.25 Invested capital         15.0
                                       Sagard Private Credit 9                          C$                2024               103               24.5                −       75.5       1.00-1.30 Net asset value            15.0
                                       Sagard Healthcare Partners 6 10                 US$                2019            1,226                  9.7             0.4       89.9       1.50-1.75 Committed capital          20.0
                                       Real Estate
                                       USPF 9                                          US$                2002               875                 1.8           24.5        73.7       0.75-0.98 Net asset value                −
                                       1 Associated companies includes commitments from management as well as commitments from Lifeco ($33 million in Portage Ventures II, US$59 million in Portage
                                         Ventures III, US$60 million in Portage Ventures IV, US$143 million in Portage Capital Solutions, $50 million in SPEC, €50 million in Sagard MidCap 4, US$50 million in
                                         Sagard Credit Partners II, US$101 million in SSLP, and US$214 million in USPF), IGM ($33 million in Portage Ventures II, US$26 million in Portage Ventures III and
                                         US$10 million in Portage Ventures IV), Pargesa (€33 million in Sagard MidCap II), and GBL (US$25 million in Portage Capital Solutions, €102 million in Sagard MidCap II,
                                         €153 million in Sagard MidCap 3, €105 million in Sagard MidCap 4 and €15 million in Sagard NewGen). Lifeco and IGM have invested $27 million and $267 million,
                                         respectively, in Portage Ventures I.
                                       2 Represents the base management fees. The management fees presented for the PVC funds represent the range of base fees over the remaining life of each fund.
                                       3 Represents the base carried interest for each fund. Sagard will receive an allocation of carried interest for the PEM funds with vintage years subsequent to its acquisition in 2024.
                                         Carried interest for Sagard Private Equity Strategies and Sagard Private Credit is realized on a quarterly basis when investment returns exceed a predetermined hurdle rate, and
                                         is not subject to clawback.
                                       4 Includes investments held by Portage Ventures I, Power Financial and IGM, through limited partnerships controlled by Power Financial, in Wealthsimple.
                                       5 During the investment period, management fees were based on committed capital. Since the close of the investment period, management fees are based on invested
                                         capital, which may include a reserve for follow-on investments.
                                       6 Fundraising activities continue for Portage Ventures IV, PEM-PVC VI, PEM-PVC SOF, PEM-PDI V and Sagard Healthcare Partners.
                                       7 The Diagram Funds include Diagram Ventures I, Diagram Ventures II, Diagram Ventures III, Diagram Opportunity and Diagram ClimateTech. Total capital commitments
                                         includes amounts committed by Portage Ventures I and Portage Ventures II. Associated companies includes commitments from management as well as commitments
                                         from Portage Ventures I ($10 million in Diagram Ventures I) and Portage Ventures II ($10 million in Diagram Ventures I and $35 million in Diagram Ventures II). Diagram
                                         Ventures I and II do not have carried interests.
                                       8 The Corporation’s interest is held in carried interest units.
                                       9 Sagard Private Equity Strategies, Sagard Private Credit and USPF are open-ended funds and generally invest all committed capital; as such the capital commitments of
                                         the funds are representative of the net asset value (refer to the section “Other Measures”). USPF is managed by Sagard Real Estate through a management service
                                         agreement.
                                       10 Represents Series I and II; the interest in the fund is based on invested capital as of March 31, 2025. The investment period is completed for the first series which represents
                                          a total commitment of $726 million; base compensation for Series I is 1.50% on invested capital.




                                             A  34                                                       P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


The following table summarizes the activities of the funds managed by Sagard:
March 31, 2025                                                                                                                          Commitments




                                                                                                                                                                                       PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
(in millions; except                                                                                                                                  Distributions to
  as otherwise noted)                                                           Currency          Total funded          Unfunded           Unfunded             date 1       NAV 2
                                                                                                             ($)                  ($)           (%)               ($)            ($)

Venture Capital
Portage Ventures I 3                                                                C$                     476                    −              −              626         2,240
Portage Ventures II                                                                 C$                     414                   13            3.0                64         936
Portage Ventures III                                                               US$                     451                   204          31.1                 −         508
Portage Ventures IV                                                                US$                       42                  387          90.2                 −             33


Portage Capital Solutions                                                          US$                     243                   270          52.7                 −         256
Diagram Funds                                                                       C$                     199                   201          50.2                76         232
PVC Funds 4
   PEM-PVC I                                                                       US$                     641                     9           1.4            1,151          167
   PEM-PVC II-III                                                                  US$                     817                   16            1.9            1,818          723
   PEM-PVC IV-V                                                                    US$                     282                   191          40.4                24         320
   PEM-PVC VI and SOF                                                              US$                        7                  170          96.0                 −              7
Private Equity
Sagard Private Equity Canada                                                        C$                     160                   247          60.7                 −         167
Sagard MidCap II                                                                     €                     722                     6           0.9            1,163              17
Sagard MidCap 3                                                                      €                     682                   47            6.5            1,174          770
Sagard MidCap 4                                                                      €                     742                   73            8.9                 −         999
Sagard NewGen 5                                                                      €                     303                   39           12.5                79         355
PDI Funds 4
   PEM-PDI III-IV                                                                  US$                     469                     5           1.0              379          554
   PEM-PDI V                                                                       US$                       79                  151          65.6                 −             84
Private Credit
Sagard Credit Partners I                                                           US$                     548                     9           1.5              617              91
Sagard Credit Partners II 5                                                        US$                     557                   742          63.6              187          521
Sagard Senior Lending Partners                                                     US$                     158                   343          68.4                 8         164
Sagard Healthcare Partners 5                                                       US$                     886                   356          29.0              454          633
1 Excludes distributions which have been recalled by the fund for reinvestment, as well as distributions made by the fund due to rebalancing from increases in fund size.
2 Net asset value (NAV) of the fund represents the fair value of investments held within the fund, net of any liabilities, and includes the controlled and consolidated
  investments held through the fund presented at fair value. Refer to the section “Adjusted Net Asset Value” for a description of the Corporation’s fair value adjustments to
  controlled and consolidated investments.
3 Includes investments held by Portage Ventures I, Power Financial and IGM, through limited partnerships controlled by Power Financial, in Wealthsimple, which represents
  a fair value of $2.1 billion at March 31, 2025 (same as at December 31, 2024).
4 In the first quarter of 2024, Sagard acquired a controlling interest in PEM. The activities of the funds managed by PEM are presented since the inception of each fund.
5 Total funded commitments represent the net cash funded for portfolio investments and fund expenses since inception, excluding amounts that have been recalled by the
  fund. The unfunded commitments presented for funds within the investment period, for Sagard NewGen, Sagard Credit Partners II and Sagard Healthcare Partners,
  includes amounts distributed of €29 million, US$132 million and US$16 million, respectively, which are recallable by the fund.


Venture Capital (fintech investments)
   Sagard’s venture capital asset class is managed under the Portage, Diagram and PEM platforms.
PORTAGE
   Portage is a global fintech and financial services investment platform. Its mission is to empower entrepreneurs reshaping
      financial services by partnering with ambitious companies across all stages through Portage Ventures and Portage Capital
      Solutions.
        Portage Ventures is a global fintech venture capital investment strategy dedicated to supporting fintech innovators
            in insurance, consumer & small and medium business finance, wealth & asset management, and fintech enablers.
            Through its funds, Portage Ventures has invested in more than 110 fintech companies and investment funds.
        Portage Capital Solutions is a capital partner that delivers flexible equity capital solutions and resources to later-stage
            fintech and financial services businesses.
DIAGRAM
   Diagram is a venture builder that conceives and launches technology companies and a venture investor that invests in
      early-stage companies, primarily in the financial services (fintech) and climate tech spaces. Diagram has launched and
      invested in more than 40 companies across five funds.




                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                           A  35
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       PEM
                                         PEM has a venture capital fund of funds program with an emphasis on access-constrained U.S. early and late-stage
                                             technology-centric asset managers. This investment strategy, through funds and separately managed accounts, provides




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                             investors with access to selected managers, many of which are closed to new investors.
                                       Private Equity
                                         Sagard’s private equity asset class is managed under the Sagard and PEM platforms.
                                       SAGARD
                                         Sagard, under its private equity asset class, manages four strategies: Sagard Private Equity Canada, Sagard MidCap
                                             (Europe), Sagard NewGen (Europe), and Sagard Private Equity Strategies.
                                               Sagard Private Equity Canada is a private equity strategy investing in the Canadian middle market, with a focus on
                                                 business and financial services, as well as manufacturing.
                                               Sagard MidCap is a European private equity investment strategy that invests in middle-market business services,
                                                 healthcare, food & consumer, and industrial sectors.
                                               Sagard NewGen is a European private equity investment strategy that supports entrepreneurs in the technology and
                                                 healthcare industries.
                                               Sagard Private Equity Strategies offers Canadian accredited investors access to institutional-calibre private equity.
                                                 The fund invests in a broadly diversified portfolio of secondaries, co-investments, and primaries, with a focus on the
                                                 small and middle-market.
                                       PEM
                                         PEM manages an investment strategy which focuses on a diversified portfolio of primarily U.S. small and middle-market
                                             buyouts sourced from selected asset managers, including co-investment opportunities. PEM offers this investment
                                             strategy through funds and separately managed accounts.
                                       Private Credit
                                         Sagard, under the private credit asset class, manages four strategies, Sagard Credit, Sagard Senior Lending, Sagard
                                             Private Credit and Sagard Healthcare, and includes a strategic investment in HalseyPoint.
                                               Sagard Credit is a non-sponsor, direct-lending strategy focused on middle-market public and private companies in
                                                 North America. It provides bespoke debt solutions across the credit spectrum in first- and second-lien loans, such as
                                                 unsecured and mezzanine financings, tailored to a company’s specific needs.
                                               Sagard Senior Lending is a senior direct-lending strategy focused on middle-market companies in North America. It
                                                 provides first-lien, floating-rate debt to public and private middle-market companies to help fund growth and other
                                                 strategic initiatives.
                                               Sagard Private Credit is an evergreen fund, designed to offer Canadian accredited investors the opportunity to
                                                 participate in private credit. The fund seeks to generate attractive and stable returns driven largely by interest income
                                                 earned on a broadly diversified portfolio of private loans.
                                               Sagard Healthcare, a biopharmaceutical royalties investment strategy, invests in royalties and credit backed by
                                                 approved and commercialized biopharmaceutical products, diagnostics and medical devices. Sagard Healthcare
                                                 aims to accelerate the returns on innovation for owners of intellectual property, while offering investors an attractive
                                                 healthcare exposure largely uncorrelated to other asset classes.
                                               HalseyPoint, a manager jointly controlled by Sagard, manages collateralized loan obligations (CLOs) focused on the
                                                 U.S. leveraged loan and high-yield bond markets. HalseyPoint manages AUM of $5.8 billion (US$4.0 billion) at
                                                 March 31, 2025 and has raised to date nine CLOs.
                                       Real Estate
                                         Sagard Real Estate (formerly EverWest) is a real estate investment advisor and operator providing investment management
                                             services across the U.S. that include acquisitions, asset management, development and property management for its
                                             investors. Sagard Real Estate is headquartered in Denver, Colorado with regional offices throughout the U.S.
                                             Sagard Real Estate offers a variety of investment strategies including separately managed accounts and funds.
                                       Private Wealth Investment Platform
                                         Sagard Wealth (formerly Grayhawk) is a dedicated chief investment office providing institutional-calibre capabilities and
                                             exclusive access to global investment opportunities, from traditional to alternative strategies, to Canadian families.
                                             Sagard Wealth had $1.2 billion in assets under management at March 31, 2025 (same as at December 31, 2024).
                                             The Corporation, through Sagard, indirectly holds a 73.5% interest in Sagard Wealth (60.3% at December 31, 2024).




                                             A  36                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


POWER SUSTAINABLE
At March 31, 2025, Power Sustainable had $4.6 billion of assets under management ($4.2 billion at December 31, 2024),
including unfunded commitments. Assets under management reflect the fair value of assets, net of liabilities and project debt,




                                                                                                                                                                                         PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
and includes unfunded commitments.
Power Sustainable manages assets within funds and separately managed accounts. The composition of assets under
management is as follows:
                                                                                                                                                   March 31,           December 31,
(in millions of dollars)                                                                                                                               2025                  2024

Power Sustainable Energy Infrastructure                                                                                                               2,863                    2,902
Power Sustainable Infrastructure Credit                                                                                                               1,040                    1,035
Power Sustainable Lios                                                                                                                                  266                     261
Power Sustainable Decarb PE                                                                                                                             382                        −
Assets under management                                                                                                                               4,551                    4,198
   Power Corporation                                                                                                                                  1,452                    1,303

   Third parties and associated companies 1                                                                                                           3,099                    2,895
                           2
Fee-bearing capital                                                                                                                                   3,368                    2,943
   Power Corporation                                                                                                                                  1,262                    1,107

   Third parties and associated companies        1
                                                                                                                                                      2,106                    1,836
1 Associated companies includes commitments from management, as well as commitments from Lifeco.
2 Refer to the section “Other Measures”.


Power Sustainable’s weighted average management fee rate was 1.0% for the three-month period ended March 31, 2025,
comparable with the corresponding period in 2024.
The following table provides information on the strategies managed by Power Sustainable as well as the Corporation’s
interests in each of the strategies:
March 31, 2025                                                                                                 Commitments 1                                 Interest held 2
                                                                                                Capital                   Total         Power     Associated         Third
(in millions of dollars; except as otherwise noted)            Currency         Vintage     commitments                 funded     Corporation   companies 3        parties       NAV
                                                                                                         ($)                 ($)           (%)           (%)            (%)        ($)

Power Sustainable Energy
 Infrastructure Partnership 4 5                                       C$          2021              1,800               1,416           32.6          13.6           53.8      1,979
Power Sustainable Infrastructure Credit 6                           US$           2023                715                 190           18.1          81.9               −        199
Power Sustainable Lios                                                C$          2022                285                 138              −          20.7           79.3         119
Power Sustainable Decarb PE 7                                       US$           2025                266                     −         39.5          28.8           31.7          −
1 Includes amounts of separately managed agreements committed within each strategy.
2 Based on invested capital as of March 31, 2025.
3 Associated companies includes commitments from management as well as commitments from Lifeco of $220 million in PSEIP, US$600 million in Power Sustainable
  Infrastructure Credit, $56 million in Power Sustainable Lios and US$75 million in Power Sustainable Decarb PE.
4 NAV of the fund represents the fair value of investments held within the fund, net of any liabilities and project debt, and includes the controlled and consolidated
  investments held through the fund presented at fair value. Refer to the section “Adjusted Net Asset Value” for a description of the Corporation’s fair value adjustments to
  controlled and consolidated investments.
5 Excludes direct investments in energy assets, which have a net asset value of $500 million. At March 31, 2025, PSEIP had distributed an amount of $82 million since
  inception.
6 In the second quarter of 2024, the Corporation entered into a separately managed account for a total of US$120 million in which it will invest alongside the fund on target
  investments. In the fourth quarter of 2024, the Corporation disposed of committed capital of US$5 million through a direct secondary offering; the remaining total
  commitment was US$115 million at March 31, 2025. At March 31, 2025, the Corporation had invested US$34 million (C$48 million) through this account.
7 Fund commitments of up to US$330 million, of which US$266 million is currently callable.




                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                           A  37
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       Power Sustainable Energy Infrastructure
                                       Power Sustainable Energy Infrastructure (Power Sustainable Energy) operates a leading North American-focused renewable
                                       energy platform with 3.6 GW of utility-scale and distributed energy assets, including assets under construction, and assets in




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       advanced development projects. Through its wholly owned operating companies, Potentia Renewables and Nautilus Solar,
                                       Power Sustainable Energy has a dedicated team of over 185 in-house professionals to oversee the development, construction,
                                       financing and operation of renewable energy assets across North America.
                                         Potentia Renewables: Power Sustainable holds a 100% interest in Potentia, a renewable energy generation company,
                                            which is a fully integrated developer, operator and manager of solar and wind energy assets, active in North America.
                                         Nautilus Solar: Power Sustainable holds a 100% interest in Nautilus, a company headquartered in New Jersey, U.S. that
                                            acquires, develops, finances and manages distributed solar projects across community, municipal/utility-scale,
                                            commercial and industrial markets.
                                       The Power Sustainable Energy Infrastructure platform actively manages investments through Power Sustainable Energy
                                       Infrastructure Partnership (PSEIP) and through direct investments in energy infrastructure.
                                       The following table details the composition of the total megawatts of utility-scale and distributed energy assets managed:
                                                                                                                                                                                            March 31,   December 31,
                                       (in megawatts (MW))                                                                                                                                      2025          2024

                                       Advanced development 1                                                                                                                                   874            866
                                       Under construction                                                                                                                                       279            253
                                                    1
                                       Operating                                                                                                                                              2,481          2,481
                                                                                                                                                                                              3,634          3,600
                                       1 Includes projects in which PSEIP has a joint interest representing 645 MW at March 31, 2025, of which 343 MW is included in Advanced development (same as at
                                         December 31, 2024).


                                       Power Sustainable Energy earns management fees of 0.80% to 1.00% charged on the net asset value of PSEIP as well as a
                                       carried interest of 15%. Power Sustainable Energy also earns management fees of 0.85% charged on the net asset value of
                                       direct investments.
                                       At March 31, 2025, the total assets on a consolidated basis of PSEIP and direct investments were $6.0 billion ($6.5 billion at
                                       December 31, 2024).

                                       Power Sustainable Infrastructure Credit
                                       Power Sustainable Infrastructure Credit, a global infrastructure credit platform, targets global investments in energy,
                                       transportation and logistics, digital, social and other sustainable infrastructure. The platform, based in the U.S., targets sub-
                                       investment-grade infrastructure investments and seeks to support sustainable assets, portfolios and operating companies
                                       with tailored financing solutions.

                                       Power Sustainable Lios
                                       Power Sustainable Lios is a specialized North American agri-food private equity investment platform supporting the
                                       sustainability transformation occurring within our food system. Lios Fund I, its inaugural fund, invests in growth-oriented, mid-
                                       market companies across the food value chain in North America to drive positive and sustainable change.

                                       Power Sustainable Decarb PE
                                       Power Sustainable Decarbonization Private Equity (Power Sustainable Decarb PE) seeks superior risk-adjusted returns through
                                       investments in established middle-market companies that help decarbonize the North American economy. The strategy
                                       targets investments in the energy, industrial and transportation sectors and the built environment.




                                            A  38                                             P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


RESULTS – Asset Management Activities
                                                                                                                                               SAGARD             POWER SUSTAINABLE




                                                                                                                                                                                        PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
Asset management activities includes fee-related earnings (a
non-IFRS financial measure, refer to the section “Non-IFRS                                                                  ASSET

Financial Measures”), which is comprised of management fees                                                              MANAGEMENT
less investment platform expenses. Asset management                                                                       ACTIVITIES
activities also includes carried interest and income from other
management activities.
                                                                                                                          INVESTING

                                                                                                                           ACTIVITIES




Summary of the composition of net earnings (loss) from asset management activities:
                                                                                                                                        March 31,       December 31,        March 31,
Three months ended                                                                                                                         2025               2024              2024
Adjusted net earnings (loss)
SAGARD
  Management fees 1 2                                                                                                                        59                 67                51
  Investment platform expenses                                                                                                              (67)                (62)            (55)
   Fee-related earnings (loss) 3                                                                                                              (8)                 5               (4)
   Net carried interest 4                                                                                                                      4                  6                3
   Other 3                                                                                                                                    (8)                (9)               3
                                                                                                                                            (12)                  2                2
   Loss from private wealth platform and other
    asset management activities 5                                                                                                             −                  (1)              (1)
   Non-controlling interests 6                                                                                                                 8                 (2)              (2)
                                                                                                                                              (4)                (1)              (1)
POWER SUSTAINABLE
  Management fees 1                                                                                                                            7                  7                7
  Investment platform expenses                                                                                                              (14)                (20)            (17)
   Fee-related earnings (loss) 3                                                                                                              (7)               (13)            (10)
   Net carried interest 4                                                                                                                     (3)                (1)              (1)
   Other 3 7                                                                                                                                   2                  3               (3)
   Non-controlling interests 8                                                                                                                 2                  2               −
                                                                                                                                              (6)                (9)            (14)


Adjusted net earnings (loss)                                                                                                                (10)                (10)            (15)
Adjustments
POWER SUSTAINABLE
  Restructuring charges                                                                                                                       −                   −             (12)
Net earnings (loss)                                                                                                                         (10)                (10)            (27)
1 Includes management fees charged by the investment platform on proprietary capital. Management fees paid by the Corporation are deducted from income from
  investing activities.
2 In the fourth quarter of 2024, Sagard recognized a retroactive management fee of $7 million related to new capital committed in the fundraising close of Portage
  Ventures IV, Portage Capital Solutions, Sagard Healthcare Partners and PEM-PDI V.
3 Fee-related earnings is a non-IFRS financial measure. Items excluded from fee-related earnings have been included in Other. Refer to the section “Non-IFRS Financial
  Measures” for a description and reconciliation.
4 Net carried interest is comprised of carried interest earned, net of amounts allocated to employees. Carried interest is recognized based on changes in fair value of
  investments held within each consolidated fund, and based on carried interest earned when it is highly probable that a significant reversal will not occur with respect to
  unconsolidated funds. The Corporation’s share of carried interest expense payable by the fund is included in investing activities.
5 Includes the Corporation’s share of earnings (losses) from Sagard’s private wealth investment platform and other asset management activities as well as its interest in
  HalseyPoint.
6 Non-controlling interests represent equity interests held in SHMI and PEM, and includes interests held in SHMI by Lifeco and management of Sagard.
7 Other includes customer acquisition, development and asset management activities provided by Potentia and Nautilus on behalf of PSEIP.
8 Non-controlling interests represent equity interests held in PSM by Lifeco and management of Power Sustainable.

ADJUSTMENTS (EXCLUDED FROM ADJUSTED NET EARNINGS)
Power Sustainable
In the first quarter of 2024, Power Sustainable realigned its strategies and made a strategic decision to wind down its China
public equity strategy, which included the closing of its investment management operations in China. Power Sustainable
recognized a restructuring charge of $12 million in the first quarter of 2024.


                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                            A  39
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       INVES TING ACTIVITIES
                                       Overview




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       Power Corporation invests proprietary capital in the strategies of its investment platforms to support their growth and
                                       development as asset managers. The investment platforms’ growth strategy is focused primarily on raising third-party capital,
                                       and the Corporation expects that its proprietary capital will represent an increasingly smaller proportion of future funds. The
                                       Corporation seeks to earn attractive returns on its proprietary capital investments commensurate with the risk profile of the
                                       underlying investments in each strategy. Returns are expected to be realized over differing time horizons:
                                          Income-related strategies such as Private Credit, Real Estate, Power Sustainable Energy Infrastructure Partnership and
                                             Power Sustainable Infrastructure Credit are expected to generate returns on a regular basis; and
                                          Capital appreciation strategies such as Venture Capital and Private Equity are expected to generate returns as
                                             investments are monetized.
                                       The Corporation holds investments managed by Sagard and Power Sustainable. The following table summarizes the
                                       investments held, by asset class, including the investments held through Power Financial:
                                                                                                                As at                           Three-month period ended                                                      As at
                                                                                                   December 31, 2024                                      March 31, 2025                                            March 31, 2025
                                                                            Investments     Distributions            Fair                                             Fair value      Investments       Distributions         Fair
                                       (in millions of dollars)                 to date 1        to date 1          value       Investments      Distributions          change            to date 1          to date 1       value
                                       Sagard
                                         Venture Capital 2                         441              290           1,071                   37                  3              14                478              293         1,119
                                         Private Equity                          1,218            1,355             365                   46                  2              18             1,264             1,357           427
                                         Private Credit                            475              315             241                   33                23                 5               508              338           256
                                         Real Estate                                 33                1              32                   −                  −                1                   33              1           33
                                         Cash and other                               1                −              43                                                                           1               −           11
                                                                                 2,168            1,961           1,752                 116                 28               38             2,284             1,989         1,846


                                       Power Sustainable
                                         Power Sustainable Energy
                                          Infrastructure
                                            PSEIP 3                                425                32            624                    2                  −             (15)               427                32          611
                                            Direct investments 4                 1,190              520             488                   22                  −             (10)            1,212               520           500
                                          Power Sustainable
                                           Infrastructure Credit 5                   27                −              29                  21                  1               −                    48              1           49
                                          Other investments                          13                2              12                   1                  −                7                   14              2           20
                                                                                 1,655              554           1,153                   46                  1             (18)            1,701               555         1,180

                                                                                 3,823           2,515           2,905                  162                 29               20             3,985            2,544         3,026
                                       1 Includes distributions which have been recalled by the fund and distributions due to rebalancing.
                                       2 Includes investment in the controlled and consolidated subsidiary, Wealthsimple, at fair value.
                                       3 Includes the Corporation’s share of investments in controlled and consolidated subsidiaries held through PSEIP at fair value. Investments to date include amounts
                                         previously held through direct investments which were transferred to PSEIP in 2021 and in each of the third quarters of 2022 and 2023.
                                       4 Includes the direct investments in energy infrastructure at fair value. Investments to date include funding related to the acquisitions of Potentia and Nautilus and related
                                         platform expenses prior to the establishment of Power Sustainable Energy Infrastructure.
                                       5 Consists of investments through a separately managed account. Investments to date is presented net of a disposal of funded committed capital through a direct secondary
                                         offering in the fourth quarter of 2024.




                                             A  40                                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


FINTECH INVESTMENTS
Fintech investments are comprised of the Corporation’s investments, primarily held through Power Financial, in the Portage
Ventures and Diagram funds and Wealthsimple. The Corporation’s investments in the Portage Ventures and Diagram funds




                                                                                                                                   PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
allow it to deepen its knowledge and accelerate the adoption of innovation within the Power group, while significant
investments such as Wealthsimple give direct access to novel capabilities.
Wealthsimple
At March 31, 2025, Portage Ventures I, Power Financial and IGM collectively held, through a limited partnership controlled
by Power Financial as well as direct investments, an undiluted equity interest in Wealthsimple of 54.3% (54.4% at
December 31, 2024), representing a voting interest of 59.4% and a fully diluted equity interest of 41.4%. Wealthsimple, founded
in 2014, is one of Canada’s fastest-growing financial technology companies, and provides simple digital tools for growing and
managing money.
Wealthsimple continues to strengthen its presence in the marketplace and offers a suite of financial products, ranging from
investing to spending, saving and tax. At March 31, 2025, Wealthsimple had 2.8 million clients, excluding tax filers, across the
Canadian market with assets under administration of $73.0 billion, compared with $64.0 billion at December 31, 2024.
At March 31, 2025, the Power group had invested $344 million in Wealthsimple (same as at December 31, 2024), and had
received total proceeds of $500 million from a secondary transaction in 2021.
The fair value of the Power group’s interest in Wealthsimple was $2.2 billion at March 31, 2025 (same as at December 31,
2024). The fair value of the Corporation’s 14.9% equity interest in Wealthsimple, including its indirect interest held through
Portage Ventures I, on a fully diluted basis, was $822 million at March 31, 2025 (same as at December 31, 2024).




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5   A  41
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       RESULTS – Investing Activities
                                                                                                                                                                                  SAGARD              POWER SUSTAINABLE




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       Investing activities comprises income earned on the capital
                                       invested by the Corporation (proprietary capital) in the                                                               ASSET

                                       investment funds managed by the investment platforms and                                                            MANAGEMENT
                                       the share of earnings (losses) of controlled and consolidated                                                        ACTIVITIES
                                       subsidiaries held within the investment platforms. Due to the
                                       accounting treatment required for the underlying investments
                                       and activities, the results of certain consolidated funds and
                                                                                                                                                            INVESTING
                                       controlled and consolidated subsidiaries included in investing
                                       activities are not aligned with the fair value changes of the                                                         ACTIVITIES

                                       Corporation's respective investment.


                                       The Corporation has determined that it has control of Power Sustainable Energy Infrastructure Partnership due to its exposure
                                       to variable returns and is required to consolidate the activities of PSEIP in accordance with IFRS; therefore, the increase in fair
                                       value of the Corporation’s interest held in PSEIP is not recognized in earnings. However, the limited partner equity interests
                                       held by third parties which have redemption features, subject to certain restrictions, have been classified as a financial liability
                                       and are remeasured at their redemption value. The impact from the revaluation of the non-controlling interests (NCI) liabilities
                                       has been excluded from adjusted net earnings. Refer to the section “Non-IFRS Financial Measures”.
                                       Income earned from investment activities (proprietary capital) is volatile in nature as it depends on many factors, including
                                       changes in fair value.
                                       Summary of adjusted and net earnings (loss) from investing activities (proprietary capital):
                                                                                                                                                                          March 31,        December 31,         March 31,
                                       Three months ended                                                                                                                    2025                2024               2024
                                       Adjusted net earnings (loss)
                                       SAGARD
                                         Private equity and other strategies                                                                                                   28                  26                  9
                                         Venture capital (fintech investments) 1                                                                                               13                    8                (3)
                                                                                                                                                                               41                  34                  6
                                       POWER SUSTAINABLE
                                         Energy infrastructure 2                                                                                                                (4)                (36)             (20)
                                         Other 3                                                                                                                                 7                   2                (1)
                                                                                                                                                                                 3                 (34)             (21)


                                       Adjusted net earnings (loss)                                                                                                            44                    −              (15)
                                       Adjustments
                                       SAGARD
                                         Remeasurement of deferred tax assets                                                                                                   −                  16                 −
                                       POWER SUSTAINABLE
                                         Revaluation of NCI liabilities and other market-related impacts                                                                      (12)                 (28)             (17)
                                         Currency translation reclassification on Power Sustainable China                                                                       −                    −               54
                                                                                                                                                                              (12)                 (12)              37
                                       Net earnings (loss)                                                                                                                     32                  (12)              22
                                       1 Includes the Corporation’s share of earnings (losses) of Wealthsimple.
                                       2 Investments in Energy Infrastructure are consolidated in accordance with IFRS. Contribution to earnings represents the Corporation's share of earnings from the underlying
                                         activities of PSEIP and direct investments (i.e., revenues and expenses of projects, related financing expenses, depreciation, development and G&A expenses).
                                       3 The first quarter of 2025 includes a change in fair value of other investments managed within the Power Sustainable platform.




                                             A  42                                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


ADJUSTMENTS (EXCLUDED FROM ADJUSTED NET EARNINGS)
Sagard




                                                                                                                                       PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
There were no adjustments in the three-month periods ended March 31, 2025 and 2024.
For the three-month period ended December 31, 2024, Sagard recognized positive Adjustments of $16 million, which
primarily relates to the Corporation’s share of the remeasurement of deferred tax assets by Wealthsimple.
Power Sustainable
For the three-month period ended March 31, 2025, Power Sustainable recognized Adjustments of a net negative impact of
$12 million, which consist of the Corporation’s share of the revaluation of non-controlling interests liabilities and other market-
related impacts:
  A charge of $6 million related to the revaluation of non-controlling interest liabilities resulting from changes in fair value
    of assets held in PSEIP, and the share of earnings (losses) from the consolidated activities of PSEIP attributable to third-
    party investors. The Corporation controls and consolidates the activities of PSEIP in accordance with IFRS; however, equity
    interests held by third parties have redemption features and are classified as a financial liability, which are remeasured at
    their redemption value. The first quarter of 2025 includes a recovery of $9 million related to the Corporation’s share of
    the revaluation of non-controlling interests liabilities which resulted from a decrease in fair value of assets held in PSEIP.
  The Corporation’s share of fair value remeasurements of derivatives was a loss of $6 million after tax ($8 million pre-tax).
For the three-month period ended March 31, 2024, Power Sustainable recognized Adjustments of a net positive impact of
$37 million, which include:
  The closing of Power Sustainable China, a foreign operation, resulted in a recovery of $54 million from the reclassification
    of the related cumulative translation adjustment to net earnings.
  Partially offset by a charge of $17 million related to the Corporation’s share of the revaluation of non-controlling interests
    liabilities and other market-related impacts:
       A charge of $19 million related to the revaluation of non-controlling interest liabilities resulting from changes in fair
         value of assets held in PSEIP, and the share of earnings (losses) from the consolidated activities of PSEIP attributable to
         third-party investors. The first quarter of 2024 includes a charge of $10 million related to the Corporation’s share of the
         revaluation of non-controlling interests liabilities which resulted from an increase in fair value of assets held in PSEIP.
       The Corporation’s share of fair value remeasurements of derivatives was a gain of $2 million after tax ($3 million pre-tax).
For the three-month period ended December 31, 2024, Power Sustainable recognized Adjustments of a net negative impact
of $28 million, which include:
  A charge of $41 million related to the revaluation of non-controlling interest liabilities resulting from changes in fair value
    of assets held in PSEIP, and the share of earnings (losses) from the consolidated activities of PSEIP attributable to third-
    party investors. The fourth quarter of 2024 includes a charge of $35 million related to the Corporation’s share of the
    revaluation of non-controlling interests liabilities which resulted from an increase in fair value of assets held in PSEIP.
  Partially offset by the Corporation’s share of fair value remeasurements of derivatives, a gain of $13 million after tax
    ($17 million pre-tax).




                             P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5   A  43
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       Standalone Businesses

                                       OVER VIEW




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       Standalone businesses includes the Corporation’s equity investments in:
                                         LMPG: Power Sustainable held a controlling interest of 49.6% at March 31, 2025 (same as at December 31, 2024) in
                                            LMPG, a designer, developer, and manufacturer of a wide range of high-performance and sustainable specification-grade
                                            LED solutions for commercial, institutional, and urban environments.
                                         Lion Electric: Power Sustainable held a 34.1% equity interest at March 31, 2025 (same as at December 31, 2024) in Lion
                                            Electric, a manufacturer of zero-emission vehicles. On December 19, 2024, Lion and its subsidiaries were granted
                                            protection under the Companies’ Creditors Arrangement Act (CCAA). The carrying value of the investment in Lion was nil
                                            at March 31, 2025 (same as at December 31, 2024).

                                       R ES U LTS
                                       For the three-month period ended March 31, 2025, net earnings from standalone businesses were $7 million, compared with
                                       a net loss of $32 million in the corresponding quarter in 2024. The adjusted net loss from standalone businesses for the three-
                                       month period ended March 31, 2025 was $5 million, compared with an adjusted net loss of $23 million in the corresponding
                                       quarter in 2024.
                                       The net loss in the first quarter of 2025 excludes Adjustments with a positive impact of $12 million.

                                       ADJUS TMENTS ( E X C L U D E D F R O M A D J U S T E D N E T E A R N I N G S )
                                       Management of the Corporation applies the definition of adjusted net earnings to the results reported by the standalone
                                       businesses and identifies Adjustments. Adjustments are items excluded from the contribution of the standalone businesses
                                       to the Corporation’s net earnings in the determination of the contribution to adjusted net earnings.
                                       In the first quarter of 2025, the Corporation recognized positive Adjustments of $12 million, which primarily relates to the
                                       Corporation’s share of the remeasurement of deferred tax liabilities by LMPG.
                                       In the first quarter of 2024, Adjustments with a negative earnings impact of $9 million after tax ($12 million pre-tax) consisted
                                       of an impairment charge on the Corporation’s investment in Lion, partially offset by the Corporation’s share of the
                                       remeasurement of warrant obligations at Lion, due to a decline in market value.
                                       In the fourth quarter of 2024, Adjustments with a positive earnings impact of $111 million after tax consisted of:
                                         A net gain of $279 million after tax ($279 million pre-tax) recognized on the sale of the Corporation’s 42.6% interest in Peak;
                                         The Corporation’s share of a non-cash impairment charge recognized on goodwill, partially offset by the impact of
                                            remeasurement of redemption liabilities by LMPG, of $87 million. Impairment charges were due primarily to lower-than-
                                            expected financial results and uncertainties in the macroeconomic environment;
                                         An impairment charge on the Corporation’s investment in Lion, partially offset by the Corporation’s share of the
                                            remeasurement of warrant obligations at Lion due to the decline in market value, of $81 million after tax, which reduced
                                            the carrying value of the investment in Lion to nil at December 31, 2024.




                                            A  44                                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


Corporate Operations and Other
Corporate operations and Other includes the contribution to net earnings and adjusted net earnings from the Corporation’s




                                                                                                                                                                                   PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
other investment activities, as well as corporate operations of the holding company which includes operating expenses,
financing charges, depreciation, income taxes, and dividends on non-participating and perpetual preferred shares.
Summary of corporate operations and other of the Corporation and Power Financial shown on a combined basis:
                                                                                                                                  March 31,   December 31,          March 31,
Three months ended                                                                                                                   2025           2024                2024

Contribution to net earnings (loss)
Other investments
   Investment funds                                                                                                                      9              6                   7
           1
   Other                                                                                                                               13             34                  16
                                                                                                                                       22             40                  23
Operating and other expenses
   Operating expenses 2                                                                                                               (54)            (57)               (41)
   Depreciation                                                                                                                         (2)            (2)                 (1)
                                                          3
   Fair value change of TSARs, net of hedge                                                                                              3             (3)                 (1)
   Financing charges 4                                                                                                                (13)            (13)               (14)
   Income taxes                                                                                                                         −              (1)                 −
                                                                                                                                      (66)            (76)               (57)

Dividends on non-participating and perpetual preferred shares                                                                         (48)            (48)               (48)
Net earnings (loss)                                                                                                                   (92)            (84)               (82)
1 Includes foreign exchange gains or losses and interest on cash and cash equivalents.
2 Operating expenses in the three-month period ended March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024 included a charge of $4 million and $12 million, respectively, related to
  updated performance assumptions used in the measurement of performance share units. Operating expenses related to Power Financial were $23 million in the three-
  month period ended March 31, 2025 ($15 million in the corresponding period in 2024).
3 The Corporation has attached tandem share appreciation rights (TSARs) to certain options, which are classified as cash-settled share-based payments. The Corporation
  has entered into total return swap agreements to manage exposure to the volatility of a portion of its cash-settled share-based payments and related liability. The fair value
  change of TSARs represents the change in fair value of the liability, net of the remeasurement to fair value of the derivative instruments.
4 Financing charges related to Power Financial were $4 million in the three-month period ended March 31, 2025 (same as in the corresponding period in 2024).




                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                   A  45
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       Adjustments (excluded from adjusted net earnings)
                                       The following table presents the Corporation’s share of Adjustments:




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                                                                                     March 31,            December 31,   March 31,
                                       Three months ended                                                                                                               2025                    2024         2024
                                       Lifeco 1
                                          Market experience relative to expectations                                                                                       (62)                   26          73
                                          Assumption changes and management actions                                                                                        (22)                   11           (1)
                                          Other non-market related impacts 2                                                                                               (32)                   (36)       (36)
                                                                                                                                                                          (116)                     1         36
                                          Effect of consolidation 3                                                                                                          (2)                  (15)         (5)
                                                                                                                                                                          (118)                   (14)        31
                                       IGM 1
                                         Tax loss consolidation                                                                                                               −                     3          −
                                         Share of Lifeco’s adjustments                                                                                                       (2)                    −          (1)
                                                                                                                                                                             (2)                    3          (1)
                                          Effect of consolidation 3                                                                                                           −                   16            2
                                                                                                                                                                             (2)                  19            1
                                       GBL
                                         Share of Affidea's gain on debt modification                                                                                       22                      −          −

                                       Sagard and Power Sustainable
                                         Remeasurement of deferred tax assets                                                                                                 −                   16           −
                                         Currency translation reclassification on Power Sustainable China                                                                     −                     −         54
                                         Revaluation of NCI liabilities and other market-related impacts                                                                   (12)                   (28)       (17)
                                         Restructuring charges                                                                                                                −                     −        (12)
                                                                                                                                                                           (12)                   (12)        25
                                       Standalone businesses
                                          Gain on disposal of Peak                                                                                                            −                  279           −
                                          Lion impairment and other market-related impacts                                                                                    −                   (81)         (9)
                                          LMPG impairment and other market-related impacts                                                                                    −                   (87)         −
                                          LMPG remeasurement of deferred tax liabilities                                                                                    12                      −          −
                                                                                                                                                                            12                   111           (9)
                                                                                                                                                                           (98)                  104          48
                                       1 As reported by Lifeco and IGM.
                                       2 Includes business transformation impacts (including restructuring and integration costs as well as acquisition and divestiture costs), amortization of acquisition-related
                                         intangible assets and tax legislative changes and other tax impacts.
                                       3 The Effect of consolidation reflects i) the elimination of intercompany transactions; and ii) the application of the Corporation’s accounting method for investments under
                                         common control to the Adjustments reported by Lifeco and IGM.


                                       For additional information on each of Lifeco, IGM, GBL, Sagard and Power Sustainable and the Standalone businesses, refer
                                       to their respective “Adjustments” sections above. Also refer to the section “Non-IFRS Financial Measures” in this MD&A.




                                             A  46                                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


FINANCIAL POSITION




                                                                                                                                                                                      PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (CONDENSED)
The condensed balance sheets of Lifeco, IGM, and the combined holding company balance sheet of Power Corporation and
Power Financial, as well as the Alternative asset investment platforms and Other, are presented below. These tables reconcile
the holding company balance sheet with the condensed consolidated balance sheet of the Corporation at March 31, 2025
and December 31, 2024, which are included in Note 20 of the Interim Consolidated Financial Statements.
                                                                                                                                                                     March 31, 2025
                                                                                                                                Alternative asset                            Power
                                                                                                                                      investment                        Corporation
                                                                                                                        Holding    platforms and         Effect of     consolidated
                                                                                  Lifeco                IGM            company            other 1   consolidation     balance sheet
Assets
Cash and cash equivalents                                                       9,943                  772               1,375              753            (264)           12,579
Investments                                                                  236,195                 5,593                  111           2,739             224          244,862
Investments in publicly traded operating
  companies, investment platforms and other:
   Lifeco and IGM                                                                  411                 657             21,532                 −         (22,600)                −
   GBL 2                                                                              −                   −              3,705                −                −            3,705
   Other                                                                           756               1,337               1,899                −          (3,992)                −
Investments in jointly controlled
  corporations and associates                                                      502               3,330                        −       1,392            (495)            4,729
Insurance contract assets                                                       1,275                     −                       −           −                −            1,275
Reinsurance contract held assets                                               17,542                     −                       −           −                −           17,542
Other assets                                                                   27,454                4,623                  413         22,498             (165)           54,823
Intangible assets 3                                                             4,976                1,276                        1         818              (89)           6,982
Goodwill 3                                                                     11,467                2,637                        −         204             408            14,716
Investments on account of
  segregated fund policyholders                                              493,623                      −                       −           −                −         493,623
Total assets                                                                 804,144               20,225              29,036           28,404          (26,973)         854,836
Liabilities
Insurance contract liabilities                                               157,971                      −                       −           −                −         157,971
Investment contract liabilities                                                92,033                     −                       −           −                −           92,033
Reinsurance contract held liabilities                                              780                    −                       −           −                −              780
Obligations to securitization entities                                                −              5,029                        −           −                −            5,029
Power Corporation’s debentures and
  other debt instruments                                                              −                   −                 647               −                −              647
Non-recourse debentures and
  other debt instruments 4                                                      9,540                2,400                  250           3,858              (88)          15,960
Other liabilities                                                              17,106                4,840               1,160          22,037             (795)           44,348
Insurance contracts on account of
  segregated fund policyholders                                                65,868                     −                       −           −                −           65,868
Investment contracts on account of
  segregated fund policyholders                                              427,755                      −                       −           −                −         427,755
Total liabilities                                                            771,053               12,269                2,057          25,895             (883)         810,391
Equity
Limited recourse capital notes                                                  1,500                     −                       −           −          (1,500)                −
Perpetual preferred shares                                                      2,720                     −              2,830                −          (5,550)                −
Non-participating shares                                                              −                   −                 950               −                −              950
Participating shareholders’ equity                                             25,695                7,883             23,199             2,152         (35,730)           23,199
Non-controlling interests 5 6                                                   3,176                    73                       −         357          16,690            20,296
Total equity                                                                   33,091                7,956             26,979             2,509         (26,090)           44,445
Total liabilities and equity                                                 804,144               20,225              29,036           28,404          (26,973)         854,836
1 Includes consolidated investment funds and their controlled investments, Wealthsimple and standalone businesses.
2 Indirectly held through Parjointco. The holding company balance sheet includes the Corporation’s investment in GBL, which is separately presented in Note 20 of the
  Interim Consolidated Financial Statements.
3 The assets of Lifeco, IGM, and Alternative asset investment platforms and Other exclude the corporate allocation of goodwill and intangible assets.
4 The debentures and other debt instruments of controlled and consolidated investments are secured by their assets which are non-recourse to the Corporation.
5 Lifeco’s non-controlling interests include the Participating Account surplus in subsidiaries.
6 Non-controlling interests in Effect of consolidation represent non-controlling interests in the equity of Lifeco, IGM, PSM, SHMI, and controlled and consolidated
  investments.



                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                         A  47
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A



                                                                                                                                                                                                               December 31, 2024
                                                                                                                                                                    Alternative asset                                      Power
                                                                                                                                                                          investment                                  Corporation




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                                                                            Holding    platforms and                    Effect of    consolidated
                                                                                                                      Lifeco                 IGM           company            other 1              consolidation    balance sheet
                                       Assets
                                       Cash and cash equivalents                                                   10,709                   910              1,606                   858                  (339)         13,744
                                       Investments                                                               231,478                 5,600                  101                2,497                   311         239,987
                                       Investments in publicly traded operating
                                         companies, investment platforms and other:
                                          Lifeco and IGM                                                               407                  634             21,202                      −              (22,243)               −
                                          GBL 2                                                                            −                   −             3,683                      −                     −           3,683
                                          Other                                                                        705               1,331               1,738                      −               (3,774)               −
                                       Investments in jointly controlled
                                         corporations and associates                                                   486               3,346                     −               1,780                  (494)           5,118
                                       Insurance contract assets                                                     1,193                     −                   −                    −                     −           1,193
                                       Reinsurance contract held assets                                            17,842                      −                   −                    −                     −         17,842
                                       Other assets                                                                26,571                4,948                  349              20,047                   (160)         51,755
                                       Intangible assets 3                                                           4,958               1,277                     1                 828                    (90)          6,974
                                       Goodwill 3                                                                  11,428                2,637                     −                 204                   408          14,677
                                       Investments on account of
                                         segregated fund policyholders                                           496,386                       −                   −                    −                     −        496,386
                                       Total assets                                                              802,163               20,683               28,680               26,214                (26,381)        851,359
                                       Liabilities
                                       Insurance contract liabilities                                            155,683                       −                   −                    −                     −        155,683
                                       Investment contract liabilities                                             90,157                      −                   −                    −                     −         90,157
                                       Reinsurance contract held liabilities                                           795                     −                   −                    −                     −             795
                                       Obligations to securitization entities                                              −             5,025                     −                    −                     −           5,025
                                       Power Corporation’s debentures and
                                         other debt instruments                                                            −                   −                647                     −                     −             647
                                       Non-recourse debentures and
                                         other debt instruments 4                                                    9,469               2,400                  250                3,878                    (88)        15,909
                                       Other liabilities                                                           17,019                5,387               1,073               20,050                   (758)         42,771
                                       Insurance contracts on account of
                                         segregated fund policyholders                                             66,343                      −                   −                    −                     −         66,343
                                       Investment contracts on account of
                                         segregated fund policyholders                                           430,043                       −                   −                    −                     −        430,043
                                       Total liabilities                                                         769,509               12,812                1,970               23,928                   (846)        807,373
                                       Equity
                                       Limited recourse capital notes                                                1,500                     −                   −                    −               (1,500)               −
                                       Perpetual preferred shares                                                    2,720                     −             2,830                      −               (5,550)               −
                                       Non-participating shares                                                            −                   −                950                     −                     −             950
                                       Participating shareholders’ equity                                          25,321                7,801              22,930                 1,972               (35,094)         22,930
                                       Non-controlling interests 5 6                                                 3,113                   70                    −                 314                16,609          20,106
                                       Total equity                                                                32,654                7,871              26,710                 2,286               (25,535)         43,986
                                       Total liabilities and equity                                              802,163               20,683               28,680               26,214                (26,381)        851,359
                                       1 Includes consolidated investment funds and their controlled investments, Wealthsimple and standalone businesses.
                                       2 Indirectly held through Parjointco. The holding company balance sheet includes the Corporation’s investment in GBL, which is separately presented in Note 20 of the
                                         Interim Consolidated Financial Statements.
                                       3 The assets of Lifeco, IGM, and Alternative asset investment platforms and Other exclude the corporate allocation of goodwill and intangible assets.
                                       4 The debentures and other debt instruments of controlled and consolidated investments are secured by their assets which are non-recourse to the Corporation.
                                       5 Lifeco’s non-controlling interests include the Participating Account surplus in subsidiaries.
                                       6 Non-controlling interests in Effect of consolidation represent non-controlling interests in the equity of Lifeco, IGM, PSM, SHMI, and controlled and consolidated
                                         investments.




                                             A  48                                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


Consolidated assets and liabilities
Total assets of the Corporation increased to $854.8 billion at March 31, 2025, compared with $851.4 billion at December 31,




                                                                                                                                      PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
2024, mainly due to the following:
  Investments increased by $4.9 billion, primarily due to an increase in the fair value of bonds resulting from a decrease in
    bond yields in Canada and the U.S.
  Investments on account of segregated fund policyholders decreased by $2.8 billion, primarily due to the net impact of
    market value losses of $8.4 billion as well as net withdrawals (net of policyholder deposits) of $2.6 billion, partially offset
    by the positive impact of currency movement of $6.9 billion and net investment income of $1.1 billion.
Liabilities increased to $810.4 billion at March 31, 2025, compared with $807.4 billion at December 31, 2024, mainly due to
the following, as disclosed by Lifeco:
  Insurance contract liabilities increased by $2.3 billion, primarily due to the impact of currency movements and market
    movements, partially offset by normal business movements.
  Investment contract liabilities increased by $1.9 billion, primarily due to the impact of market and normal business
    movements.
  Insurance and investment contracts on account of segregated fund policyholders decreased by $2.8 billion, primarily
    due to the net impact of market value losses of $8.4 billion as well as net withdrawals (net of policyholder deposits) of
    $2.6 billion, partially offset by the positive impact of currency movements of $6.9 billion and net investment income of
    $1.1 billion.
Insurance and investment contract liabilities represent the amounts that, together with estimated future premiums and
investment income, will be sufficient to pay estimated future benefits, dividends and expenses on policies in force. Insurance
and investment contract liabilities are determined using generally accepted actuarial practices, according to standards
established by the Canadian Institute of Actuaries. Refer to Part B of this MD&A for additional information.
Parts B and C of this MD&A include a discussion of the consolidated balance sheets of Lifeco and IGM, respectively.




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5   A  49
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       HOLDING COMPANY BALANCE SHEETS
                                       In the holding company balance sheets shown below, Power Corporation and Power Financial are shown on a combined
                                       basis; investments in subsidiaries are presented using the equity method. This presentation assists the reader by identifying




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       changes in the combined holding company balance sheet of Power Corporation and Power Financial, and presents the
                                       investment activities, as well as the holding company’s assets and liabilities, including cash, debentures and non-
                                       participating shares.
                                                                                                                                                                                                 March 31,   December 31,
                                                                                                                                                                                                     2025          2024

                                       Holding company assets
                                       Cash and cash equivalents 1                                                                                                                                 1,375          1,606
                                       Investment in:
                                          Lifeco                                                                                                                                                  17,384         17,108
                                          IGM                                                                                                                                                      4,148          4,094
                                                2
                                          GBL                                                                                                                                                      3,705          3,683
                                          Sagard and Power Sustainable 3                                                                                                                           1,803          1,649
                                          Standalone businesses 4                                                                                                                                     96              89
                                                                           5
                                       Other assets and investments                                                                                                                                  525            451
                                       Total holding company assets                                                                                                                               29,036         28,680
                                       Holding company liabilities
                                       Debentures and other debt instruments 6                                                                                                                       897            897
                                       Other liabilities                                                                                                                                           1,160          1,073
                                       Total holding company liabilities                                                                                                                           2,057          1,970
                                       Holding company equity
                                       Perpetual preferred shares 7                                                                                                                                2,830          2,830
                                       Non-participating shares                                                                                                                                      950            950
                                       Participating shareholders’ equity                                                                                                                         23,199         22,930
                                       Total holding company equity                                                                                                                               26,979         26,710
                                       Total holding company liabilities and equity                                                                                                               29,036         28,680
                                       1 Cash equivalents include $265 million ($340 million at December 31, 2024) of fixed income securities with maturities of more than three months. In accordance with IFRS,
                                         these are classified as investments in the Interim Consolidated Financial Statements.
                                       2 Indirectly held through Parjointco.
                                       3 Includes Power Financial’s investments in Portage Ventures I, Portage Ventures II and Wealthsimple, presented using the equity method.
                                       4 Controlled standalone business is presented using the equity method for purposes of the holding company presentation.
                                       5 Includes $83 million of dividends declared in the first quarter by IGM (same as at December 31, 2024) and received by Power Financial on April 30, 2025. Other investments
                                         include portfolio investments in private investment funds, classified as FVPL. At March 31, 2025, the Corporation had outstanding commitments to make future capital
                                         contributions to these funds for an aggregate amount of $28 million.
                                       6 Includes Power Financial’s debentures of $250 million at March 31, 2025 (same as at December 31, 2024).
                                       7 Perpetual preferred shares issued by Power Financial.




                                             A  50                                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


Cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents held by the Corporation and Power Financial amounted to $1,375 million at March 31, 2025,




                                                                                                                                                                      PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
compared with $1,606 million at the end of December 2024 (see “Holding Company Statements of Cash Flows” below for
details).
The cash and cash equivalents held within the investment activities of Sagard and Power Sustainable amounted to $20 million
at March 31, 2025 ($51 million at December 31, 2024) and are included in the carrying amount of the investment platforms.

Investments
INVES TMENTS IN LIFECO, IG M AND GBL (A T E Q U I T Y )
The table below presents a continuity of the investments in Lifeco, IGM and GBL, which are presented using the equity method
for the purposes of the holding company presentation. The carrying value of the investments in Lifeco, IGM and GBL,
accounted for using the equity method, increased to $25,237 million at March 31, 2025, compared with $24,885 million at
December 31, 2024:
                                                                                                                 Lifeco          IGM          GBL 1           Total

Carrying value, beginning of year                                                                             17,108            4,094        3,683         24,885
   Contribution from adjusted net earnings                                                                         698           149               3          850
   Contribution from adjustments                                                                                  (118)            (2)          22             (98)
   Share of other comprehensive income (loss)                                                                      167              6          (10)           163
   Dividends                                                                                                      (388)           (83)             −          (471)
   Effect of changes in ownership and other                                                                        (83)           (16)             7           (92)
Carrying value, at March 31, 2025                                                                             17,384            4,148        3,705         25,237
1 Indirectly held through Parjointco.


ALTERNATIVE ASS ET INVES TMENT PLATFORMS
The table below presents the components of the alternative asset investment platforms, Sagard and Power Sustainable. The
asset management companies, and controlled and consolidated investments held through the investment platforms, are
presented using the equity method for the purposes of the holding company presentation.
Alternative asset investment platforms are comprised of the following investments:
                                                                                                                                         March 31,     December 31,
Carrying value, at                                                                                                                           2025            2024

Asset management companies
   Sagard                                                                                                                                    146              115
   Power Sustainable                                                                                                                          10                 2
Investing activities
   Sagard 1                                                                                                                                1,125            1,031
   Power Sustainable                                                                                                                         522              501
                                                                                                                                           1,803            1,649
1 Includes Power Financial’s investments in Portage Ventures I, Portage Ventures II and Wealthsimple.


Income Taxes
The non-capital losses of the holding company, at March 31, 2025, were $1,493 million ($1,415 million for which the benefits
have not been recognized) and are available to reduce future taxable income (including capital gains). These losses expire
from 2028 to 2045.
The capital losses of the holding company, at March 31, 2025, were $144 million, the benefits of which have not been
recognized, and can be used indefinitely to offset capital gains.




                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                            A  51
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       Equity

                                       NON- PAR TICIPATING S HAR ES




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       Non-participating (preferred) shares of the Corporation consist of five series of First Preferred Shares with an aggregate share
                                       capital of $950 million at March 31, 2025 (same as at December 31, 2024), all of which are non-cumulative. All series are
                                       perpetual preferred shares and are redeemable in whole or in part solely at the Corporation’s option.
                                       The terms and conditions of the outstanding First Preferred Shares are described in Note 19 of the Corporation’s 2024
                                       Consolidated Financial Statements.

                                       PAR TICIPATING S HAR EHOLDERS ’ EQU ITY
                                       Participating shareholders’ equity was $23,199 million at March 31, 2025, compared with $22,930 million at December 31, 2024:
                                       Three months ended March 31                                                                                                                       2025      2024

                                       Participating shareholders’ equity, at the beginning of the year                                                                                22,930    21,193
                                       Changes in participating shares
                                          Purchase for cancellation of subordinate voting shares under NCIB                                                                               (45)      (38)
                                          Issuance of subordinate voting shares (818,566 shares in 2025 and 241,417 shares
                                             in 2024) under the Corporation’s Executive Stock Option Plans                                                                                27          8
                                                                                                                                                                                          (18)      (30)
                                       Changes in retained earnings
                                          Net earnings before dividends on non-participating shares                                                                                      702       722
                                          Dividends declared                                                                                                                             (407)     (379)
                                          Purchase for cancellation of subordinate voting shares under NCIB                                                                               (90)      (59)
                                          Realized gains on FVOCI equity instruments transferred to retained earnings                                                                     46        11
                                          Effects of changes in capital and ownership of subsidiaries, and other                                                                          (59)        −
                                                                                                                                                                                         192       295
                                       Changes in reserves
                                          Other comprehensive income (loss)
                                            Foreign currency translation adjustments                                                                                                     160        (55)
                                            Investment revaluation and cash flow hedges                                                                                                   (18)       (3)
                                            Actuarial gains (losses) on defined benefit plans                                                                                             11       110
                                            Share of Parjointco and other jointly controlled corporations and associates                                                                  (52)      (16)
                                          Share-based compensation, including the effect of changes in capital and ownership of subsidiaries                                               (6)      (20)
                                                                                                                                                                                          95        16
                                       Participating shareholders’ equity, at March 31                                                                                                 23,199    21,474



                                       The book value per participating share (refer to the section “Other Measures”) of the Corporation was $36.10 at March 31,
                                       2025, compared with $35.56 at the end of 2024.




                                            A  52                                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


OU TS TANDING NU MBER OF PAR TICIPATING S HARES
At the date of this MD&A, there were 54,860,866 participating preferred shares of the Corporation outstanding (same as
at December 31, 2024), and 587,062,698 subordinate voting shares of the Corporation outstanding, compared with




                                                                                                                                    PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
589,948,328 at December 31, 2024.
At the date of this MD&A, options were outstanding to purchase up to an aggregate of 17,281,705 subordinate voting shares
of the Corporation, including 5,592,528 subordinate voting shares issuable pursuant to options under the Power Financial
Employee Stock Option Plan, which has been assumed by the Corporation, and 314,239 subordinate voting shares were
issuable pursuant to outstanding restricted share units.

NOR MAL COURS E ISSU ER BIDS
The Corporation’s Normal Course Issuer Bid (NCIB) that commenced on March 1, 2024 expired on February 28, 2025. The
Corporation repurchased 2.3 million Subordinate Voting Shares for a total of $104 million pursuant to this bid in the first
quarter of 2025 (2.5 million Subordinate Voting Shares for a total of $97 million in the first quarter of 2024).
On March 1, 2025, the Corporation commenced a new NCIB which is effective until the earlier of February 28, 2026 and the
date on which the Corporation has purchased the maximum permitted number of Subordinate Voting Shares. Pursuant to
this bid, the Corporation may purchase up to 20 million of its Subordinate Voting Shares outstanding (representing
approximately 3.7% of the public float of Subordinate Voting Shares outstanding at February 18, 2025) at market prices. At
March 31, 2025, the Corporation had repurchased 0.6 million Subordinate Voting Shares for a total of $31 million.
In connection with its NCIB, the Corporation has entered into an automatic share purchase plan (ASPP) and may provide
parameters thereunder from time to time to allow a designated broker to purchase Subordinate Voting Shares under the
NCIB at times when the Corporation would ordinarily not be permitted to purchase shares due to regulatory restrictions or
self-imposed blackout periods. Outside of these predetermined trading blackout periods, purchases under the Corporation’s
NCIB will be completed at management’s discretion. The ASPP has been effective since March 1, 2025, the commencement
date of the NCIB.

SUBSEQUENT EVENT
Subsequent to quarter-end, the Corporation purchased, as at May 13, 2025, an additional 0.7 million Subordinate Voting
Shares pursuant to its current NCIB for a total of $37 million.


ADJUSTED N ET ASSET VALUE

Adjusted net asset value is presented for Power Corporation and represents management’s estimate of the fair value of the
participating shareholders’ equity of the Corporation. Adjusted net asset value is calculated as the fair value of the assets of
the combined Power Corporation and Power Financial holding company less their net debt and preferred shares. In
determining the fair value of assets, investments in subsidiaries, jointly controlled corporations and associates are adjusted to
fair value as follows:
  Investments in publicly traded companies are valued at their market value, measured as the closing share price on the
    reporting date;
  Investments in private entities are valued at fair value based on management’s estimate using consistently applied
    valuation models either based on a valuation multiple or discounted cash flows. Certain valuations are prepared by
    external valuators or subject to review by external valuators. Market-comparable transactions are generally used to
    corroborate the estimated fair value. The value of investments in private entities is presented net of any management
    incentives; and
  Investments in investment funds are valued at the fair value reported by the fund which is net of carried interest or other
    incentives.
The presentation of the participating shareholders’ equity at fair value is not in accordance with IFRS; adjusted net asset value
is a non-IFRS financial measure. Refer to the section “Non-IFRS Financial Measures” for a description and a reconciliation of
IFRS and non-IFRS financial measures.




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5   A  53
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       The Corporation’s adjusted net asset value is presented on a look-through basis. The combined holding company balance
                                       sheets of Power Corporation and Power Financial include the investments held in public entities through Power Financial
                                       (Lifeco, IGM and GBL), and the net debt and preferred shares of Power Financial. The adjusted net asset value per share, a non-




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       IFRS ratio, was $68.99 at March 31, 2025, compared with $60.44 at December 31, 2024, representing an increase of 14.1%. The
                                       Corporation’s book value per participating share (refer to the section “Other Measures”) was $36.10 at March 31, 2025,
                                       compared with $35.56 at December 31, 2024, representing an increase of 1.5%.
                                                                                                                                                         March 31, 2025                                   December 31, 2024
                                                                                                                       Holding                                                      Holding
                                                                                                                      company             Fair value       Adjusted net            company          Fair value   Adjusted net
                                                                                                                  balance sheet          adjustment         asset value        balance sheet       adjustment     asset value

                                       Holding company assets
                                       Investments
                                          Power Financial
                                             Lifeco                                                                     17,384               18,443             35,827                17,108         13,184         30,292
                                             IGM                                                                          4,148               2,399               6,547                 4,094         2,698           6,792
                                             GBL 1                                                                        3,705              (1,357)              2,348                 3,683         (1,521)         2,162
                                          Alternative asset investment platforms
                                             Asset management companies 2
                                                 Sagard                                                                     146                  282                 428                  115            314            429
                                                 Power Sustainable                                                            10                    −                 10                      2            −               2
                                             Investing activities
                                                 Sagard 3                                                                 1,125                  721              1,846                 1,031            721          1,752
                                                 Power Sustainable                                                          522                  658              1,180                   501            652          1,153
                                          Standalone businesses                                                               96                   (9)                87                    89             (4)           85
                                       Cash and cash equivalents                                                          1,375                     −             1,375                 1,606              −          1,606
                                       Other assets and investments                                                         525                     −                525                  451              −            451
                                       Total holding company assets                                                     29,036               21,137             50,173                28,680         16,044         44,724
                                       Holding company liabilities and
                                        non-participating shares
                                       Debentures and other debt instruments                                                897                     −                897                  897              −            897
                                       Other liabilities 4                                                                1,160                     −             1,160                 1,073              −          1,073
                                       Non-participating shares and
                                        perpetual preferred shares                                                        3,780                     −             3,780                 3,780              −          3,780
                                       Total holding company liabilities and
                                        non-participating shares                                                          5,837                     −             5,837                 5,750              −          5,750

                                       Net value
                                       Participating shareholders’ equity (IFRS) /
                                        Adjusted net asset value (non-IFRS)                                             23,199               21,137             44,336                22,930         16,044         38,974

                                       Per share                                                                          36.10                                   68.99                 35.56                         60.44
                                       1 The Corporation’s share of GBL’s reported net asset value was $3.9 billion (€2.5 billion) at March 31, 2025 ($3.9 billion (€2.6 billion) at December 31, 2024).
                                       2 The management company of Sagard is presented at its fair value. The management company of Power Sustainable is presented at its carrying value.
                                       3 Includes the Corporation’s investments in Portage Ventures I, Portage Ventures II and Wealthsimple, held by Power Financial.
                                       4 In accordance with IAS 12, Income Taxes, no deferred tax liability is recognized with respect to temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries and
                                         jointly controlled corporations as the Corporation is able to control the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences and it is probable that the temporary differences
                                         will not reverse in the foreseeable future. If the Corporation were to dispose of an investment in a subsidiary or a jointly controlled corporation, income taxes payable on
                                         such disposition would be minimized through careful and prudent tax planning and structuring, as well as with the use of available tax attributes not otherwise recognized
                                         on the balance sheet, including tax losses, tax basis, safe income and foreign tax surplus associated with the subsidiary or jointly controlled corporation.


                                       Investments measured at market value and cash represent 92.1% of the total assets at fair value at March 31, 2025
                                       (91.7% at December 31, 2024). A 10% change in the market value of publicly traded investments would result in a change in
                                       the Corporation’s adjusted net asset value of $4,481 million or $6.97 per share.




                                             A  54                                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


CASH FLOWS




                                                                                                                                                                                PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (CONDENSED)
The condensed cash flows of Lifeco, IGM and the holding company cash flows of Power Corporation and Power Financial on
a combined basis, as well as the Corporation’s alternative asset investment platforms, are presented below. These tables
reconcile the holding company statement of cash flows to the condensed consolidated statement of cash flows of the
Corporation for the three-month periods ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, which are included in Note 20 of the Interim
Consolidated Financial Statements. This presentation assists the reader in assessing the cash flows of the holding company.
Three months ended March 31                                                                                                                                             2025
                                                                                                                            Alternative asset
                                                                                                                                  investment                           Power
                                                                                                                    Holding    platforms and         Effect of    Corporation
                                                                               Lifeco               IGM            company            Other 1   consolidation    consolidated

Cash flows from:
   Operating activities                                                        (167)                 70                 420            (156)            (444)          (277)
   Financing activities                                                        (686)              (191)                (527)           (206)             327         (1,283)
   Investing activities                                                            (2)              (17)               (124)            257              192            306
Effect of changes in exchange rates
  on cash and cash equivalents                                                    89                   −                   −              −                −             89
Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                               (766)              (138)                (231)           (105)              75         (1,165)
Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of the year                            10,709                 910               1,606              858             (339)        13,744
Cash and cash equivalents, at March 31                                        9,943                772               1,375              753             (264)        12,579

1 Includes consolidated investment funds and their controlled investments, Wealthsimple and standalone businesses.



Three months ended March 31                                                                                                                                             2024
                                                                                                                            Alternative asset
                                                                                                                                  investment                           Power
                                                                                                                    Holding    platforms and         Effect of    Corporation
                                                                                Lifeco               IGM           company            Other 1   consolidation    consolidated

Cash flows from:
   Operating activities                                                          253                132                 416             (68)            (368)           365
   Financing activities                                                         (536)              (191)               (480)            (91)             687           (611)
   Investing activities                                                         (214)                14                 423             142             (378)            (13)
Effect of changes in exchange rates
  on cash and cash equivalents                                                    88                   −                   −               6               −             94
Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                                (409)               (45)                359             (11)             (59)          (165)
Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of the year                              8,117                 545               1,218             639             (207)        10,312
Cash and cash equivalents, at March 31                                        7,708                 500               1,577             628             (266)        10,147
1 Includes consolidated investment funds and their controlled investments, Wealthsimple and standalone businesses.


Consolidated cash and cash equivalents decreased by $1,165 million in the three-month period ended March 31, 2025,
compared with a decrease of $165 million in the corresponding period in 2024.
Operating activities produced a net outflow of $277 million in the three-month period ended March 31, 2025, compared with
a net inflow of $365 million in the corresponding period in 2024.
Cash flows from financing activities, which include the issuance and repayment of capital instruments, the issuance and
repurchase of participating shares, the issuance and redemption of common shares, limited-life fund and redeemable units
by subsidiaries, dividends paid on the participating and non-participating shares of the Corporation, and dividends paid by
subsidiaries to non-controlling interests and increases and repayments of obligations to securitization entities by IGM,
represented a net outflow of $1,283 million in the three-month period ended March 31, 2025, compared with a net outflow
of $611 million in the corresponding period in 2024.
Cash flows from investing activities resulted in a net inflow of $306 million in the three-month period ended March 31, 2025,
compared with a net outflow of $13 million in the corresponding period in 2024.
Parts B and C of this MD&A include a discussion of the cash flows of Lifeco and IGM, respectively.




                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                     A  55
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       HOLDING COMPANY STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
                                       As Power Corporation is a holding company, corporate cash flows are primarily comprised of dividends received, income
                                       from investments and income (loss) from cash and cash equivalents, less operating expenses, financing charges, income




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       taxes, and non-participating and participating share dividends.
                                       The following combined statements of cash flows of Power Corporation and Power Financial present the cash flows of the
                                       holding company. This presentation has been prepared to assist the reader as it isolates the cash flows of the activities of the
                                       holding company.
                                       Three months ended March 31                                                                                                                               2025     2024

                                       Operating activities of the holding company
                                       Dividends
                                          Lifeco                                                                                                                                                 388      353
                                          IGM                                                                                                                                                     83       83
                                       Corporate operations, net of non-cash items 1                                                                                                              (51)     (20)
                                                                                                                                                                                                 420      416
                                       Financing activities of the holding company
                                       Dividends paid on:
                                          Non-participating shares                                                                                                                                (13)     (13)
                                          Participating shares                                                                                                                                  (363)    (343)
                                          Perpetual preferred shares                                                                                                                              (35)     (35)
                                       Issuance of subordinate voting shares                                                                                                                      25         8
                                       Repurchase of subordinate voting shares                                                                                                                  (135)      (97)
                                       Other                                                                                                                                                       (6)      −
                                                                                                                                                                                                (527)    (480)
                                       Investing activities of the holding company
                                       Distributions and proceeds from disposal of investments 2                                                                                                    4     493
                                       Purchase of investments                                                                                                                                  (127)      (69)
                                       Other                                                                                                                                                       (1)      (1)
                                                                                                                                                                                                (124)     423
                                       Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                         (231)     359
                                       Cash and cash equivalents, at the beginning of the year                                                                                                  1,606    1,218
                                       Cash and cash equivalents, at March 31                                                                                                                   1,375    1,577
                                       1 Includes changes in short-term receivables from, and payables to, investment platforms.
                                       2 Includes proceeds from disposal of the Corporation’s investments within Power Sustainable China in 2024.




                                            A  56                                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


Cash and cash equivalents of the Corporation and Power Financial decreased by $231 million in the three-month period
ended March 31, 2025, compared with an increase of $359 million in the corresponding period in 2024.




                                                                                                                                                                                   PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
Operating activities resulted in a net inflow of $420 million in the three-month period ended March 31, 2025, compared with
a net inflow of $416 million in the corresponding period in 2024. Dividends received from the publicly traded operating
companies include:
Three months ended March 31                                                                                                                2025                            2024
                                                                                                          Dividend per            Total dividend   Dividend per   Total dividend
(in millions of dollars; except as otherwise noted)                                                              share                  received          share         received

Lifeco                                                                                                         0.6100                      388         0.5550              353
IGM                                                                                                            0.5625                       83         0.5625                83


The Corporation’s financing activities during the three-month period ended March 31, 2025 resulted in a net outflow of
$527 million, compared with a net outflow of $480 million in the corresponding period in 2024, and included:
   Dividends paid on non-participating and participating shares by the Corporation of $376 million, compared with
      $356 million in the corresponding period in 2024. In the three-month period ended March 31, 2025, dividends paid on
      the Corporation’s participating shares were $0.5625 per share, compared with $0.5250 in the corresponding period in
      2024.
   Dividends paid on preferred shares by Power Financial of $35 million, same as in the corresponding period in 2024.
   Issuance of subordinate voting shares of the Corporation for $25 million pursuant to the Corporation’s Executive Stock
      Option Plan and the Power Financial Employee Stock Option Plan, compared with issuance for an amount of $8 million
      in the corresponding period in 2024.
   Repurchase of subordinate voting shares of $135 million, as part of the NCIB, in the three-month period ended March 31,
      2025, compared with repurchase for an amount of $97 million in the corresponding period in 2024.
The Corporation’s investing activities during the three-month period ended March 31, 2025 resulted in a net outflow of
$124 million, compared with a net inflow of $423 million in the corresponding period in 2024.
Proceeds from disposal of investments and purchase of investments are comprised of investment activities of the Corporation
and in its investment platforms.
The Corporation decreased its level of fixed income securities with maturities of more than three months, resulting in a net
inflow of $75 million in the three-month period ended March 31, 2025, compared with a net inflow of $39 million in the
corresponding period in 2024.


CAPITAL MANAGEMENT
As a holding company, Power Corporation’s objectives in managing its capital are to:
   provide attractive long-term returns to shareholders of the Corporation;
   provide sufficient financial flexibility to pursue its growth strategy to invest on a timely basis in its operating companies
      and other investments as opportunities arise;
   maintain a capital structure that matches the long-term nature of its investments by maximizing the use of permanent capital;
   maintain an appropriate credit rating to ensure stable access to the capital markets; and
   maintain available cash and cash equivalents at a minimum of two times fixed charges.
The Corporation manages its capital taking into consideration the risk characteristics and liquidity of its holdings. In order to
maintain or adjust its capital structure, the Corporation may adjust the amount of dividends paid to shareholders, return capital
to shareholders or issue capital.
The Board of Directors of the Corporation is responsible for capital management. Management of the Corporation is
responsible for establishing capital management procedures and for implementing and monitoring its capital plans. The
Board of Directors of the Corporation reviews and approves capital transactions such as the issuance, redemption and
repurchase of participating shares, non-participating shares and debentures. The boards of directors of the Corporation’s
subsidiaries, as well as those of Parjointco and GBL, oversee and have the responsibility for their respective company’s capital
management.
With the exception of debentures and other debt instruments, the Corporation’s capital is permanent, matching the long-
term nature of its investments. The capital structure of the Corporation consists of: debentures, non-participating shares,
participating shareholders’ equity, and non-controlling interests. The Corporation views non-participating shares as a cost-
effective source of permanent capital.




                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                      A  57
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       The Corporation’s consolidated capitalization includes the debentures, preferred shares and other equity instruments, and
                                       other debt instruments issued by its consolidated subsidiaries. Debentures and other debt instruments issued by Power
                                       Financial, Lifeco, IGM and controlled investments are non-recourse to the Corporation. The Corporation does not guarantee




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       debt issued by its subsidiaries. Non-participating shares and total equity accounted for 73% of consolidated capitalization at
                                       March 31, 2025.
                                                                                                                                                                                                 March 31,   December 31,
                                                                                                                                                                                                     2025          2024
                                       Debentures and other debt instruments
                                       Power Corporation                                                                                                                                             647            647
                                       Power Financial                                                                                                                                               250            250
                                       Lifeco                                                                                                                                                      9,540          9,469
                                       IGM                                                                                                                                                         2,400          2,400
                                       Other 1                                                                                                                                                     3,858          3,878
                                       Effect of consolidation                                                                                                                                       (88)            (88)
                                                                                                                                                                                                  15,960         15,909
                                                                                                                                                                                                  16,607         16,556
                                       Non-participating shares and other equity instruments
                                       Power Corporation                                                                                                                                             950            950
                                       Power Financial                                                                                                                                             2,830          2,830
                                       Lifeco                                                                                                                                                      4,220          4,220
                                                                                                                                                                                                   7,050          7,050
                                                                                                                                                                                                   8,000          8,000
                                       Equity
                                       Participating shareholders’ equity                                                                                                                         23,199         22,930
                                       Non-controlling interests 2                                                                                                                                13,246         13,056
                                                                                                                                                                                                  36,445         35,986
                                                                                                                                                                                                  61,052         60,542
                                       1 Includes other debt instruments of controlled and consolidated investments and standalone businesses; consists of $479 million ($531 million in 2024) of debt including
                                         revolving credit facilities held by the investment funds, $3,121 million ($3,091 million in 2024) of project-related debt held within the Power Sustainable Energy
                                         Infrastructure platform, and $258 million ($256 million in 2024) of other debt held by standalone businesses. The other debt instruments are secured by the assets of the
                                         controlled investments which are non-recourse to the Corporation. The other debt instruments held by standalone businesses are subject to certain financial covenants
                                         including a minimum cumulative earnings before interest, income taxes, depreciation and amortization (EBITDA) covenant. At March 31, 2025, this covenant was not in
                                         compliance; however, the lenders have provided a tolerance letter valid until September 30, 2025. See Note 9 B) to the Interim Consolidated Financial Statements for
                                         additional information.
                                       2 Represents the non-controlling equity interests of the Corporation’s subsidiaries excluding Power Financial and Lifeco’s preferred shares and limited recourse capital
                                         notes, which are shown in this table as non-participating shares.


                                       Power Corporation
                                          The Corporation filed a short-form base shelf prospectus dated November 19, 2024, pursuant to which, for a period of
                                             25 months thereafter, the Corporation may issue First Preferred Shares, subordinate voting shares, subscription receipts
                                             and unsecured debt securities, or any combination thereof. This filing provides the Corporation with the flexibility to
                                             access debt and equity markets on a timely basis.
                                          The Corporation commenced a NCIB on March 1, 2025 which is effective until the earlier of February 28, 2026 and the
                                             date on which the Corporation has purchased the maximum permitted number of subordinate voting shares. Refer to the
                                             section “Participating Shareholders’ Equity” for more information.

                                       Power Financial
                                          Power Financial filed a short-form base shelf prospectus dated November 28, 2024, pursuant to which, for a period of
                                             25 months thereafter, Power Financial may issue up to an aggregate of $3 billion of First Preferred Shares and unsecured
                                             debt securities, or any combination thereof. This filing provides the Corporation with the flexibility to access debt and
                                             equity markets on a timely basis through Power Financial.
                                       The Corporation itself is not subject to externally imposed regulatory capital requirements; however, Lifeco and certain of its
                                       main subsidiaries, certain of IGM’s subsidiaries and certain of the Corporation’s other subsidiaries are subject to regulatory
                                       capital requirements. Parts B and C of this MD&A further describe the capital management activities of Lifeco and IGM,
                                       respectively. See Note 22 to the Corporation’s 2024 Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.




                                             A  58                                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


RATINGS
The current rating by Standard & Poor’s (S&P) of the Corporation’s debentures is “A+” with a stable outlook. Morningstar
DBRS’ current rating on the Corporation’s debentures is “A” with a stable rating trend.




                                                                                                                                  PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
Credit ratings are intended to provide investors with an independent measure of the credit quality of the securities of a
corporation and are indicators of the likelihood of payment and the capacity of a corporation to meet its obligations in
accordance with the terms of each obligation. Descriptions of the rating categories for each of the agencies set forth below
have been obtained from the respective rating agencies’ websites. These ratings are not a recommendation to buy, sell or
hold the securities of a corporation and do not address market price or other factors that might determine suitability of a
specific security for a particular investor. The ratings also may not reflect the potential impact of all risks on the value of
securities and are subject to revision or withdrawal at any time by the rating organization.
The “A+” rating assigned to the Corporation’s debentures by S&P is the fifth highest of the 22 ratings used for long-term debt.
A long-term debenture rated “A+” is somewhat more susceptible to the adverse effects of changes in circumstances and
economic conditions than obligations in higher-rated categories; however, the obligor’s capacity to meet its financial
commitment on the obligation is still strong.
The “A” rating assigned to the Corporation’s debentures by Morningstar DBRS is the sixth highest of the 26 ratings used for
long-term debt. A long-term debenture rated “A” implies that the capacity for repayment is substantial, but of lesser credit
quality than AA, and may be vulnerable to future events, although qualifying negative factors are considered manageable.
The current rating by S&P of Power Financial’s debentures is “A+” with a stable outlook. Morningstar DBRS’ current rating on
Power Financial’s debentures is “A (High)” with a stable trend.
Parts B and C of this MD&A provide information on the ratings of the debentures of Lifeco and IGM, respectively.




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5   A  59
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       RISK MANAGEMENT
                                       Power Corporation is an international management and holding company that focuses on financial services in North America,




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       Europe and Asia. Its core holdings are leading insurance, retirement, wealth management and investment businesses
                                       including a portfolio of alternative asset investment platforms. The Corporation, through Power Financial, holds a controlling
                                       interest in Lifeco and IGM and also holds a joint controlling interest in Parjointco, which itself holds a controlling interest in
                                       GBL. As a result, the Corporation bears the risks associated with being a significant shareholder of these operating companies.
                                       A complete description of these risks is presented in their public disclosures. The respective boards of directors of Lifeco,
                                       IGM and GBL are responsible for the risk oversight function at their respective companies. The risk committees of the boards
                                       of directors of Lifeco and IGM are responsible for their risk oversight. Certain officers of the Corporation are members of these
                                       boards and committees of these boards, including the risk committees, and, consequently, in their role as directors, they
                                       participate in the risk oversight function at the operating companies. Parts B and C of this MD&A further describe risks related
                                       to Lifeco and IGM, respectively.

                                       RISK OVERSIGHT
                                       The Corporation believes that a prudent approach to risk is achieved through a governance model that focuses on the active
                                       oversight of its investments. Management, under the Board of Directors’ oversight, is responsible for risk management
                                       associated with the investment activities and operations of the holding company and maintain a comprehensive and
                                       appropriate set of policies and controls.
                                       The Board of Directors provides oversight over risk management primarily through the following committees:
                                         The Audit Committee addresses risks related to financial reporting, cybersecurity and the use of artificial intelligence.
                                         The Human Resources Committee considers risks associated with the Corporation’s compensation policies and practices.
                                         The Governance and Sustainability Committee oversees the Corporation’s approach to appropriately address potential
                                           risks related to governance and sustainability matters.
                                         The Related Party and Conduct Review Committee reviews and considers for approval transactions with related parties
                                           of the Corporation.
                                       There are certain risks inherent in an investment in the securities of the Corporation and in the activities of the Corporation,
                                       which investors should carefully consider before investing in securities of the Corporation. The 2024 Annual MD&A reviews
                                       certain risks that could impact the financial condition and financial performance, and the value of the equity of the
                                       Corporation. This description of risks does not include all possible risks, and there may be other risks of which the Corporation
                                       is not currently aware.
                                       During the three-month period ended March 31, 2025, there were no significant changes to the Corporation’s risk oversight
                                       approach, and the identification and management of the specific risks.




                                           A  60                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


FINANCIAL INSTRU MENTS AND OTHER INSTRUMENTS




                                                                                                                                                                        PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT
At March 31, 2025, there have been changes to the carrying amounts and fair value of the Corporation and its subsidiaries’
assets and liabilities recorded at fair value since December 31, 2024. These changes did not have a material impact on the
financial condition of the Corporation and its subsidiaries. See Note 19 to the Corporation’s Interim Consolidated Financial
Statements for additional disclosure of the Corporation’s fair value measurement.

DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
In the course of their activities, the Corporation and its subsidiaries use derivative financial instruments. When using such
derivatives, they only act as limited end-users and not as market makers in such derivatives.
The use of derivatives is monitored and reviewed on a regular basis by senior management of the Corporation and by senior
management of its subsidiaries. The Corporation and its subsidiaries have each established operating policies, guidelines
and procedures relating to the use of derivative financial instruments, which in particular focus on:
  prohibiting the use of derivative instruments for speculative purposes;
  documenting transactions and ensuring their consistency with risk management policies;
  demonstrating the effectiveness of the hedging relationships; and
  monitoring the hedging relationships.
There were no major changes to the Corporation and its subsidiaries’ policies and procedures with respect to the use of
derivative instruments in the three-month period ended March 31, 2025. The following table provides a summary of the
Corporation and its subsidiaries’ derivatives portfolio:
                                                                                                             March 31, 2025                     December 31, 2024
                                                                                               Maximum                 Total               Maximum              Total
                                                                           Notional            credit risk        fair value    Notional   credit risk     fair value

Power Corporation                                                              469                  103                   101      535            64             63
Power Financial                                                                115                    21                  21        37            16             16
Lifeco                                                                     66,265                 2,339                   75    63,066        2,431            294
IGM                                                                          2,033                    29                   2     1,982            36             10
Other subsidiaries                                                           2,440                    31                   6     2,723            90             74
                                                                           70,853                 2,420                   104   67,808        2,573            394
                                                                           71,322                 2,523                   205   68,343        2,637            457


During the three-month period ended March 31, 2025, there was an increase of $3.0 billion in the notional amount of
derivatives outstanding, primarily due to increases in volume of regular hedging activities by Lifeco. The Corporation and its
subsidiaries’ exposure to derivative counterparty risk (which represents the current fair value of instruments in a gain position)
decreased to $2,523 million at March 31, 2025 from $2,637 million at December 31, 2024. The decrease was primarily due
to the euro and British pound strengthening against the U.S. dollar on cross-currency swaps that pay euros or British pounds
and receive U.S. dollars.
Parts B and C of this MD&A provide information on the types of derivative financial instruments used by Lifeco and IGM,
respectively.
See Note 28 to the Corporation’s 2024 Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                  A  61
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       GUARANTEES
                                       In the normal course of their operations, the Corporation and its subsidiaries may enter into certain agreements, the nature
                                       of which precludes the possibility of making a reasonable estimate of the maximum potential amount the Corporation or
                                       subsidiary could be required to pay third parties, as some of these agreements do not specify a maximum amount and the
                                       amounts are dependent on the outcome of future contingent events, the nature and likelihood of which cannot be
                                       determined. See also Note 34 to the Corporation’s 2024 Consolidated Financial Statements.

                                       LETTERS OF CREDIT
                                       In the normal course of its reinsurance business, Lifeco provides letters of credit to other parties or beneficiaries. A beneficiary
                                       will typically hold a letter of credit as collateral to secure statutory credit for insurance and investment contract liabilities ceded
                                       to or amounts due from Lifeco. Lifeco may be required to seek collateral alternatives if it is unable to renew existing letters of
                                       credit on maturity. See also Part B of this MD&A and Note 34 to the Corporation’s 2024 Consolidated Financial Statements.


                                       CONTINGENT LIABILITIES

                                       The Corporation and its subsidiaries are from time to time subject to legal actions, including arbitrations and class actions,
                                       arising in the normal course of business. It is inherently difficult to predict the outcome of any of these proceedings with
                                       certainty, and it is possible that an adverse resolution could have a material adverse effect on the consolidated financial
                                       position of the Corporation. However, based on information presently known, it is not expected that any of the existing legal
                                       actions, either individually or in the aggregate, will have a material adverse effect on the consolidated financial position of the
                                       Corporation. See also Parts B and C of this MD&A and Note 33 to the Corporation’s 2024 Consolidated Financial Statements.


                                       COMMITMENTS AND CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS

                                       At March 31, 2025, there have been no material changes in the contractual obligations of the Corporation and its subsidiaries
                                       from those reported in the 2024 Annual MD&A.


                                       SUMMARY OF CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AN D JU DGMENTS
                                       In the preparation of the financial statements, management of the Corporation and the managements of its subsidiaries are
                                       required to make significant judgments, estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, net
                                       earnings, comprehensive income and related disclosures. The results of the Corporation reflect the judgments of the
                                       managements of the Corporation and of its subsidiaries regarding the impact of prevailing market conditions related to global
                                       credit, equities, investment properties and foreign exchange, as well as, with respect to Lifeco, prevailing health and mortality
                                       experience. Key sources of estimation, uncertainty and areas where significant judgments are made by the management of
                                       the Corporation and the managements of its subsidiaries include: the entities to be consolidated or accounted for using the
                                       equity method, fair value measurements, expected credit losses, valuation of goodwill and intangible assets, valuation of
                                       insurance contract liabilities, income taxes and pension plans and other post-employment benefits. These are described in
                                       the Corporation’s 2024 Annual MD&A and the notes to the Corporation’s 2024 Consolidated Financial Statements.


                                       CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES
                                       There were no changes to the Corporation’s accounting policies from those reported at December 31, 2024, except for:
                                       The Corporation adopted the amendments to IFRS for IAS 21, The Effects of Changes in Foreign Exchange Rates, effective
                                       January 1, 2025. The adoption of these amendments did not have a material impact on the Corporation’s financial statements.




                                           A  62                                      P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


FUTURE ACCOUNTING CHANGES
The Corporation and its subsidiaries monitor changes in IFRS, both proposed and released, by the IASB and analyze the effect




                                                                                                                                     PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
that changes in the standards may have on the consolidated financial statements when they become effective.
There have been no significant changes to the standards released and updates to the future accounting changes as disclosed
in Note 2 to the Corporation’s 2024 Consolidated Financial Statements.


TRANSACTIONS WITH RELATED PARTIES
Power Corporation has a Related Party and Conduct Review Committee composed entirely of Directors who are independent
of management and independent of the Corporation’s controlling shareholder. The mandate of this committee is to review
proposed transactions with related parties of the Corporation, including its controlling shareholder, and to approve only those
transactions that it deems appropriate and that are done at market terms and conditions.
In the normal course of business, Power Corporation and its subsidiaries enter into various transactions which include capital
commitments to investment funds, including commitments from management, performance and base management fees paid
to subsidiaries of the group, employee ownership participations and loans to employees. Such transactions are at market
terms and conditions and are reviewed by the appropriate related party and conduct review committee.
In the normal course of business, Canada Life and other Lifeco subsidiaries enter into various transactions with related
companies which include providing group insurance benefits and sub-advisory services to other companies within the Power
Corporation group of companies. Such transactions are at market terms and conditions. These transactions are reviewed by
the appropriate related party and conduct review committee.
Lifeco provides asset management, employee benefits and administrative services for employee benefit plans relating to
pension and other post-employment benefits for its employees, employees of its subsidiaries, and employees of Power
Corporation and Power Financial. These transactions are at market terms and conditions and are reviewed by the appropriate
related party and conduct review committee.
IGM enters into transactions with subsidiaries of Lifeco. These transactions are in the normal course of operations and include
i) providing certain administrative and technology services; ii) distributing insurance products; and iii) the sale of residential
mortgages to Canada Life. These transactions are at market terms and conditions and are reviewed by the appropriate related
party and conduct review committee.
On March 31, 2025, GBL Capital acquired a minority interest in SHMI. This transaction was at market terms and conditions
and was reviewed and approved by a committee of independent directors appointed by GBL’s board of directors. Refer to
the section “Sagard and Power Sustainable”.
See Note 32 to the Corporation’s 2024 Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5   A  63
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING
                                       The Corporation’s internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       reliability of financial reporting and that the preparation of financial statements for external purposes is in accordance with
                                       IFRS, as issued by the IASB. The Corporation’s management, under the supervision of the Chief Executive Officer and the
                                       Chief Financial Officer, is responsible for establishing and maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting. All
                                       internal control systems have inherent limitations and may become ineffective because of changes in conditions. Therefore, even
                                       those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation
                                       and presentation.
                                       As a management and holding company, the Corporation’s business activities are carried out through its investments in
                                       businesses, each of which has its own management team. Accordingly, the Corporation’s management relies on the
                                       certifications filed by management of Lifeco and IGM pursuant to National Instrument 52-109 – Certification of Disclosure in
                                       Issuers’ Annual and Interim Filings, as well as a sub-certification process by management at its other significant subsidiaries
                                       and investees in order to make determinations regarding the Corporation’s disclosure controls and procedures and internal
                                       control over financial reporting.
                                       There have been no changes in the Corporation’s internal control over financial reporting during the three-month period
                                       ended March 31, 2025 which have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Corporation’s internal
                                       control over financial reporting.


                                       POWER FINANCIAL CORPORATION
                                       Power Financial relies on certain of the continuous disclosure documents filed by Power Corporation of Canada pursuant to
                                       an exemption from the requirements of National Instrument 51-102 – Continuous Disclosure Obligations and as provided in
                                       the decision of the Autorité des marchés financiers and the Ontario Securities Commission, dated September 10, 2024,
                                       regarding Power Financial and Power Corporation (the Decision). The following disclosure is provided further to the
                                       requirements of the Decision:
                                                                                                                                                  Corporate               Effect of                   Total             Total
                                       At March 31, 2025                                                       Lifeco                IGM          and other 1        consolidation          Power Financial Power Corporation

                                       Total assets                                                       804,144               20,225               46,025               (24,775)                845,619          854,836
                                       Total liabilities                                                  771,053               12,269               19,622                   (421)               802,523          810,391
                                       1 Includes Power Financial’s investment activities including its investment in Portage Ventures I, Portage Ventures II and Wealthsimple.




                                                                                                                                                  Corporate               Effect of                  Power            Power
                                       For the twelve-month period ended March 31, 2025                          Lifeco              IGM          and other 1        consolidation                Financial      Corporation



                                       Cash flows from operations                                                                                                                                  5,400              5,310




                                       Further to the Decision, the earnings coverage ratios set forth below have been prepared in accordance with Item 6.1 of
                                       Form 44-101F1 – Short Form Prospectus:
                                                                                                                                                                                                                Net earnings
                                                                                                                                                                                                               attributable to
                                                                                                                                                 Corporate               Effect of         Net earnings of    shareholders of
                                       For the twelve-month period ended March 31, 2025                        Lifeco              IGM          and other 1         consolidation          Power Financial    Power Financial

                                       Earnings coverage ratio (preferred shares (and debt)) 1                                                                                                        7.1                5.2
                                                                             2
                                       Earnings coverage ratio (debt)                                                                                                                               11.2                 8.2
                                       1 The earnings coverage ratio (preferred shares (and debt)) is calculated based on net earnings of Power Financial before financing charges and income taxes for the twelve
                                         months ended March 31, 2025, divided by the aggregate dividend and financing charge requirements for this period. Power Financial’s annualized dividend requirements
                                         on all of its preferred shares, including those of subsidiaries, have been adjusted to a pre-tax equivalent using effective income tax rates of 16.2% for the twelve months
                                         ended March 31, 2025.
                                       2 The earnings coverage ratio (debt) is calculated based on net earnings of Power Financial before financing charges and income taxes for the twelve months ended
                                         March 31, 2025, divided by the aggregate financing charge requirements for this period.




                                             A  64                                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


NON-IFRS FINANCIAL MEASURES




                                                                                                                                                                                     PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
DEFINITIONS
This MD&A presents and discusses financial measures which are not in accordance with IFRS. Management uses these
financial measures in its presentation and analysis of the financial performance of Power Corporation, and believes that they
provide additional meaningful information to readers in their analysis of the results of the Corporation. See also “Statement
Regarding Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Measures”. The non-IFRS financial measures and non-IFRS ratios used in
this MD&A are defined as follows:
Non-IFRS financial measure     Definition                                                                                 Purpose

Adjusted net earnings          Net earnings from continuing operations excluding Adjustments.
                                                                                1
                                                                                                                          Assists in the comparison of the current period’s
  from continuing                                                                                                         underlying operating performance to that of previous
  operations 1                                                                                                            periods as it reflects management’s view of the
                                                                                                                          operating performance of the Corporation and its
                                                                                                                          subsidiaries, excluding items that are not considered to
                                                                                                                          be part of the underlying business results.
                                                                                                                          As a holding company, management reviews and
                                                                                                                          assesses the performance of each operating company’s
                                                                                                                          contribution to net earnings and adjusted net earnings.

  Adjustments                  After-tax impact of any item that in management’s judgment, including                      Identifies items that are not considered part of
                               those identified by management of Lifeco and IGM, would make the                           operating performance by management, including
                               period-over-period comparison of results from operations less                              items identified by management of Lifeco and IGM.
                               meaningful. Adjustments include the Corporation’s share of Lifeco’s
                               impact of:
                                  market-related impacts, where actual market returns in the current
                                    period are different than longer-term expected returns;
                                  assumption changes and management actions that impact the
                                    measurement of assets and liabilities;
                                  direct equity and interest rate impacts on the measurement of surplus
                                    assets and liabilities; and
                                  amortization of acquisition-related finite life intangible assets,
                               as well as items that management believes are not indicative of the
                               underlying business results which include those identified by
                               management of a subsidiary or a jointly controlled corporation,
                               including:
                                  business transformation impacts (including restructuring or
                                    reorganization and integration costs, acquisition and divestiture
                                    costs);
                                  material legal settlements;
                                  material impairment charges;
                                  material impacts of the remeasurement of deferred tax assets and
                                    liabilities including those as a result of income tax rate changes, and
                                    other tax impairments;
                                  certain non-recurring material items, net gains, losses or costs
                                    related to the disposition or acquisition of a business, including
                                    those related to an investment in an associate or jointly controlled
                                    corporation;
                                  impacts related to remeasurements due to market changes that
                                    result in an accounting mismatch including the remeasurement of
                                    derivatives where the hedged item is not also measured at fair value
                                    and hedge accounting is not applied, and the revaluation of
                                    redemption liabilities, share warrants and conversion options on
                                    convertible and exchangeable debt obligations;
                                  the impact of the revaluation of non-controlling interests liabilities
                                    related to PSEIP which result from changes in fair value of assets
                                    held within the fund, and the share of earnings (losses) from the
                                    consolidated activities of PSEIP attributable to third-party investors;
                                    and
                                  other items that, when removed, assist in explaining underlying
                                    operating performance.

1 Attributable to participating shareholders of Power Corporation.




                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                            A  65
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       Non-IFRS financial measure   Definition                                                                            Purpose

                                       Adjusted net asset value     Adjusted net asset value represents the fair value of the participating               Presents the fair value of the participating shareholders’




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                    shareholders’ equity of Power Corporation. Adjusted net asset value is                equity of the holding company and is used to assist in
                                                                    calculated as the fair value of the assets of the combined Power                      assessing value.
                                                                    Corporation and Power Financial holding company less their net debt                   This measure may be used by investors and analysts in
                                                                    and preferred shares.                                                                 determining or comparing the fair value of investments
                                                                    The investments held in publicly traded entities (including Lifeco, IGM               held by the holding company or its overall fair value.
                                                                    and GBL) are measured at their market value and investments in private
                                                                    entities and investment funds are measured at management’s estimate
                                                                    of fair value.
                                                                    The definition of adjusted net asset value involves a number of
                                                                    assumptions, judgments and estimates that may prove to be inaccurate,
                                                                    and the adjusted net asset value per share is not a representation or
                                                                    guarantee of the value a participating shareholder will be able to
                                                                    realize.

                                       Consolidated assets under    Consolidated assets under management and advisement includes                          Consolidated assets under management and
                                         management and             assets managed on behalf of clients which are beneficially owned by                   advisement and Consolidated assets and assets under
                                         advisement, and            clients including:                                                                    administration provide an indicator of the size and
                                       Consolidated assets and          Internally and externally managed funds, including proprietary                   volume of the Corporation’s consolidated businesses,
                                         assets under                     mutual funds, exchange-traded funds and institutional assets,                   including the publicly traded operating companies and
                                         administration                   where the Corporation’s publicly traded operating companies                     alternative asset investment platforms.
                                                                          and alternative asset investment platforms have oversight of the                Consolidated assets and assets under administration
                                                                          investment policies; and                                                        includes assets in which the Corporation’s consolidated
                                                                       The fair value of assets managed on behalf of the clients by asset                publicly traded operating companies and investment
                                                                         managers controlled within the investment platforms, including                   management services businesses only provide
                                                                         assets managed through a separately managed account.                             administration services, which are an important aspect
                                                                                                                                                          of the overall business and should be considered when
                                                                    Services provided in respect of assets under management and                           comparing volumes, size and trends.
                                                                    advisement include the selection of investments, the provision of
                                                                    investment advice, discretionary portfolio management on behalf of
                                                                    clients and/or the provision of financial advice.
                                                                    Consolidated assets and assets under administration includes
                                                                    consolidated assets under management and advisement, assets under
                                                                    administration only, and other assets on the balance sheet. Assets under
                                                                    administration only includes assets where the Corporation’s
                                                                    consolidated publicly traded operating companies and investment
                                                                    management services businesses only provide administration services
                                                                    for which they earn fees and other income. These assets are beneficially
                                                                    owned by the clients and the Corporation’s operating subsidiaries do
                                                                    not direct the investing activities. Services provided relating to assets
                                                                    under administration only include record keeping, safekeeping,
                                                                    collecting investment income, settling of transactions or other
                                                                    administrative services.
                                                                    Other balance sheet assets include insurance contract assets,
                                                                    reinsurance contract assets, goodwill and intangible assets, other assets,
                                                                    as well as the portion of investments (including investments in jointly
                                                                    controlled corporations and associates) and investments on account of
                                                                    segregated fund policyholders not included within consolidated assets
                                                                    under management and advisement.

                                       Fee-related earnings         Fee-related earnings is presented for Sagard and Power Sustainable                    This measure is presented for the alternative asset
                                       (of alternative asset        and includes management fees and fee-related performance revenues                     investment platforms, Sagard and Power Sustainable,
                                       investment platforms)        earned across all asset classes, less investment platform expenses which              and is used to assess the profitability from their asset
                                                                    include i) fee-related compensation including salary, bonus, and                      management activities. This financial measure provides
                                                                    benefits, and ii) operating expenses. Fee-related performance revenues                insight as to whether recurring revenues from
                                                                    represents the realized portion of performance revenues from                          management fees and fee-related performance
                                                                    perpetual capital vehicles that are i) measured and expected to be                    revenues, which are not based on future realization
                                                                    received on a recurring basis, ii) not dependent on realization events                events, are sufficient to cover associated operating
                                                                    from underlying investments, and iii) not subject to clawback. Fee-                   expenses.
                                                                    related earnings is presented on a gross pre-tax basis, including non-
                                                                    controlling interests.
                                                                    Fee-related earnings excludes i) share-based compensation expenses,
                                                                    ii) amortization of acquisition-related finite life intangible assets,
                                                                    iii) foreign exchange-related gains and losses, iv) net interest, and
                                                                    v) other items that in management’s judgment are not indicative of
                                                                    underlying operating performance of the alternative asset investment
                                                                    platforms, which include restructuring costs, transaction and integration
                                                                    costs related to business acquisitions and certain non-recurring material
                                                                    items.




                                            A  66                                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


Non-IFRS ratio                Definition                                                                                  Purpose

Adjusted net earnings         Earnings per share calculated using adjusted net earnings from                              Assists in comparing adjusted net earnings from




                                                                                                                                                                                           PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
  from continuing             continuing operations.                                                                      continuing operations on a per share basis; refer to
  operations per share        Adjusted net earnings from continuing operations divided by the                             “Adjusted net earnings from continuing operations”
                              weighted average number of participating shares outstanding.                                definition above.

Adjusted net asset value      Adjusted net asset value calculated on a per share basis.                                   Assists the reader in comparing the adjusted net asset
  per share                   Adjusted net asset value divided by the number of participating shares                      value on a per share basis; refer to “Adjusted net asset
                              outstanding at the end of the reporting period.                                             value” definition above.



These non-IFRS financial measures do not have a standard meaning and may not be comparable to similar measures used by
other entities.

RECONCILIATIONS OF IFRS AND NON-IFRS FINANCIAL MEASURES
Adjusted Net Earnings
The following table presents a reconciliation of adjusted net earnings, a non-IFRS financial measure, to net earnings reported
in accordance with IFRS. Adjusted net earnings is presented in the section “Contribution to Net Earnings and Adjusted Net
Earnings”:
                                                                                                                                March 31,        December 31,              March 31,
Three months ended                                                                                                                 2025                2024                    2024

Adjusted net earnings from continuing operations –
 Non-IFRS financial measure 1                                                                                                       787                   829                    710
Share of Adjustments 2, net of tax
   Lifeco                                                                                                                           (118)                  (14)                      31
   IGM                                                                                                                                (2)                   19                       1
   GBL                                                                                                                                22                     −                       −
   Sagard and Power Sustainable                                                                                                      (12)                  (12)                      25
   Standalone businesses                                                                                                              12                  111                        (9)
                                                                                                                                     (98)                 104                        48
Net earnings from continuing operations –
 IFRS financial measure 1                                                                                                           689                   933                    758
Net earnings (loss) from discontinued operations – Putnam                                                                              −                     −                   (49)
                                               1
Net earnings – IFRS financial measure                                                                                               689                   933                    709
1 Attributable to participating shareholders of Power Corporation.
2 Refer to the section “Adjustments” for more details on Adjustments from Lifeco, IGM, GBL, Sagard and Power Sustainable and the Standalone businesses.




                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                             A  67
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       Adjustments (excluded from Adjusted net earnings)
                                       The following table presents the Corporation’s share of Adjustments on a pre- and post-tax basis:




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                                                                                       March 31,            December 31,   March 31,
                                       Three months ended                                                                                                                 2025                    2024         2024
                                       Lifeco 1
                                          Market experience relative to expectations (pre-tax)                                                                               (77)                   40          93
                                             Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                                                     15                    (14)       (20)
                                          Assumption changes and management actions (pre-tax)                                                                                (29)                   14            2
                                             Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                                                       7                    (3)         (3)
                                          Business transformation impacts (pre-tax) 2 3                                                                                        (9)                  (23)       (45)
                                             Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                                                       2                     3         12
                                          Amortization of acquisition-related finite life
                                            intangible assets (pre-tax) 3                                                                                                    (35)                   (35)       (34)
                                             Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                                                     10                      9           8
                                          Tax legislative changes and other tax impacts 3                                                                                       −                   10          23
                                                                                                                                                                           (116)                      1         36
                                          Effect of consolidation (pre-tax) 4                                                                                                  (2)                  (19)         (5)
                                             Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                                                       −                     4          −
                                                                                                                                                                           (118)                    (14)        31
                                       IGM 1
                                         Tax loss consolidation                                                                                                                 −                     3          −
                                         Share of Lifeco adjustments (pre-tax)                                                                                                 (2)                    −          (1)
                                             Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                                                       −                     −          −
                                                                                                                                                                               (2)                    3          (1)
                                          Effect of consolidation (pre-tax) 4                                                                                                   −                     −           1
                                             Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                                                       −                   16            1
                                                                                                                                                                               (2)                  19            1
                                       GBL
                                         Share of Affidea's gain on debt modification                                                                                         22                      −          −

                                       Sagard and Power Sustainable
                                         Remeasurement of deferred tax assets                                                                                                   −                   16           −
                                         Currency translation reclassification on
                                           Power Sustainable China (pre-tax)                                                                                                    −                     −         54
                                            Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                                                        −                     −          −
                                         Revaluation of NCI liabilities and other
                                           market-related impacts (pre-tax)                                                                                                  (14)                   (24)       (16)
                                            Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                                                        2                    (4)         (1)
                                         Restructuring charges (pre-tax)                                                                                                        −                     −        (12)
                                            Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                                                        −                     −          −
                                                                                                                                                                             (12)                   (12)        25
                                       Standalone businesses
                                          Gain on disposal of Peak (pre-tax)                                                                                                    −                  279           −
                                             Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                                                       −                     −          −
                                          Lion impairment and other market-related impacts (pre-tax)                                                                            −                   (81)       (12)
                                             Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                                                       −                     −           3
                                          LMPG impairment and other market-related impacts (pre-tax)                                                                            −                   (87)         −
                                             Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                                                       −                     −          −
                                          LMPG remeasurement of deferred tax liabilities                                                                                      12                      −          −
                                                                                                                                                                              12                   111           (9)
                                                                                                                                                                             (98)                  104          48
                                       1 As reported by Lifeco and IGM.
                                       2 Business transformation impacts include restructuring and integration costs as well as acquisition and divestiture costs.
                                       3 Included in other non-market related impacts.
                                       4 The Effect of consolidation reflects i) the elimination of intercompany transactions; and ii) the application of the Corporation’s accounting method for investments under
                                         common control to the Adjustments reported by Lifeco and IGM.




                                             A  68                                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


Adjusted Net Asset Value
The following table presents a reconciliation of the participating shareholders’ equity reported in accordance with IFRS to the




                                                                                                                                                             PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
adjusted net asset value, a non-IFRS financial measure. Adjusted net asset value is presented in the section “Adjusted Net
Asset Value”:
                                                                                                                                 March 31,   December 31,
                                                                                                                                     2025          2024

Participating shareholders’ equity – IFRS financial measure
    Share capital – participating shares                                                                                           9,218          9,236
    Retained earnings                                                                                                             11,556         11,364
    Reserves                                                                                                                       2,425          2,330
                                                                                                                                  23,199         22,930
Fair value adjustments 1
    Lifeco                                                                                                                        18,443         13,184
    IGM                                                                                                                            2,399          2,698
    GBL                                                                                                                           (1,357)         (1,521)
    Sagard and Power Sustainable                                                                                                   1,661          1,687
    Standalone businesses                                                                                                              (9)             (4)
                                                                                                                                  21,137         16,044
Adjusted net asset value – Non-IFRS financial measure                                                                             44,336         38,974

Per share 2
Participating shareholders’ equity (book value)                                                                                    36.10          35.56
Adjusted net asset value                                                                                                           68.99          60.44
1 Refer to the section “Adjusted Net Asset Value” for more details on the fair value adjustments.
2 Attributable to participating shareholders.


Consolidated Assets Under Management and Advisement, and Consolidated Assets and Assets Under Administration
                                                                                                                                 March 31,   December 31,
(In billions of dollars)                                                                                                             2025          2024

Total consolidated assets under management and advisement                                                                          1,273          1,259
Assets under administration only                                                                                                   2,047          2,073
                                                                                                                                   3,320          3,332
Other assets on balance sheets                                                                                                       264            267
Total consolidated assets and assets under administration                                                                          3,584          3,599

    of which: total balance sheet assets                                                                                             855            851




                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                 A  69
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       Fee-related earnings (of alternative asset investment platforms)
                                       The following table presents the reconciliation of the net earnings attributable to participating shareholders of Power




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       Corporation in accordance with IFRS to the fee-related earnings of the alternative asset investment platforms, a non-IFRS
                                       financial measure. Fee-related earnings is presented in the section “Asset Management Activities” of the section “Sagard and
                                       Power Sustainable”.
                                                                                                                                                                     March 31,            December 31,   March 31,
                                       Three months ended                                                                                                               2025                    2024         2024

                                       Net earnings attributable to participating shareholders of
                                        Power Corporation – IFRS financial measure                                                                                        689                    933         709
                                       Excluding:
                                          Contribution to net earnings from Lifeco                                                                                        (580)                  (735)      (641)
                                          Contribution to net earnings from IGM                                                                                           (147)                  (180)      (133)
                                          Contribution to net earnings from GBL                                                                                            (25)                   (18)       (54)
                                          Contribution to net earnings from Lifeco, IGM and GBL                                                                           (752)                  (933)      (828)
                                          Contribution to net earnings from the holding company                                                                             92                    84          82
                                       Contribution to net earnings from Alternative Asset
                                        Investment Platforms and Other                                                                                                      29                    84         (37)
                                       Excluding:
                                          Investing activities                                                                                                             (32)                   12         (22)
                                          Standalone businesses                                                                                                              (7)                 (106)        32
                                       Contribution to net earnings from Asset
                                        Management Activities                                                                                                              (10)                   (10)       (27)
                                       Adjustments:
                                       Sagard
                                          Non-controlling interests                                                                                                          (8)                    2           2
                                          Loss from private wealth platform and other
                                           asset management activities                                                                                                        −                     1           1
                                          Net carried interest                                                                                                               (4)                   (6)         (3)
                                          Share-based compensation                                                                                                            6                     1          −
                                          Amortization of intangibles                                                                                                         1                     1           1
                                          Acquisition-related costs 1                                                                                                         2                     −          −
                                          Income taxes and other                                                                                                             (1)                    7          (4)
                                       Power Sustainable
                                          Non-controlling interests                                                                                                          (2)                   (2)         −
                                          Loss (earnings) from development and asset management
                                           activities provided by Potentia and Nautilus on
                                           behalf of PSEIP                                                                                                                   (2)                   (2)          3
                                          Net carried interest                                                                                                                3                     1           1
                                          Income taxes and other                                                                                                              −                    (1)         −
                                          Restructuring charges                                                                                                               −                     −         12
                                                                                                                                                                             (5)                    2         13
                                       Fee-related earnings (loss) – Non-IFRS financial measure                                                                            (15)                    (8)       (14)

                                       Sagard                                                                                                                                (8)                    5          (4)
                                       Power Sustainable                                                                                                                     (7)                  (13)       (10)
                                       1 Includes transaction costs and changes in fair value related to contingent consideration.




                                             A  70                                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


OTHER MEASURES

This MD&A also includes other measures, which include:




                                                                                                                                                  PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
Term                                  Definition
Assets under management and           Operating asset management and investment management services businesses within the Power
 administration                       group, including IGM, alternative asset managers and Wealthsimple, present the total value of assets
                                      managed or administered which are beneficially owned by clients and are not recognized in the
                                      consolidated financial statements. The composition of the assets under management and
                                      administration is relative to the activities of the asset managers and are further defined as follows:
  Assets under management             AUM&A represents the consolidated AUM and AUA of IGM’s core businesses IG Wealth Management
   and advisement (AUM&A)             and Mackenzie Investments. In IGM’s Wealth Management segment, AUM is a component part of AUA.
   of IGM                             Assets under management are client assets where IGM provides investment management services,
                                      and include investment funds where IGM is the fund manager, investment advisory mandates to
                                      institutions, and other client accounts where IGM has discretionary portfolio management
                                      responsibilities.
                                      Assets under advisement represents savings and investment products held within the client accounts
                                      of IGM’s Wealth Management segment’s core business.
  Assets under management             AUM&A including SI represents IGM’s AUM&A including its proportionate share of the AUM&A of
   and advisement including           strategic investments, based on IGM’s direct and indirect ownership of the strategic investments. The
   strategic investments              strategic investments included are those whose activities are primarily in asset and wealth
   (AUM&A including SI) of IGM        management, and include interests in ChinaAMC, Northleaf, Rockefeller and Wealthsimple.
                                      Rockefeller client assets include assets under management and advisement as well as assets held for
                                      investment purposes and only receiving administrative services.
  Assets under management of          Assets under management of investment platforms include:
   alternative asset investment          Net asset value of the investment funds and co-investment vehicles managed, including unfunded
   platforms                                 commitments and permanent leverage;
                                         Gross asset value of investment funds managed within the real estate platform; and
                                         Fair value of assets managed on behalf of the Corporation and clients by asset managers controlled
                                             within the investment platforms, including assets managed through a separately managed account.
 Assets under administration of       Assets under administration includes the total value of assets held on behalf of clients and includes
  Wealthsimple                        client assets in which investment management services are provided.
Book value per                        Represents Power Corporation’s participating shareholders’ equity divided by the number of
 participating share                  participating shares outstanding at the end of the reporting period.

Carried interest                      Carried interest is earned through a contractual arrangement between alternative asset managers and
                                      the funds managed in which the asset manager earns a fixed percentage of investment returns over a
                                      predetermined hurdle return.

Fee-bearing capital                   Fee-bearing capital includes:
                                         Total capital commitments of venture capital, private equity, and certain private credit funds during
                                             the investment period;
                                         Net invested capital of private credit funds, funds which have completed their investment period,
                                             separately managed accounts within the credit platforms and certain co-investment vehicles;
                                         Net asset value of Power Sustainable Energy Infrastructure including direct investments in energy
                                             assets, and funds within the real estate platform; and
                                         Invested capital or gross asset value of assets managed through separately managed accounts
                                             within the real estate platform.
Market capitalization                 Represents the aggregate market value of a company. Market capitalization is determined at a point
                                      in time and represents the number of outstanding shares multiplied by the closing share price.




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5              A  71
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       Term                               Definition
                                       Net asset value                    On a quarterly basis, GBL reports its net asset value as it represents an important criterion used in
                                        reported by GBL                   assessing its performance. GBL's net asset value represents the fair value of its investment portfolio, its




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                          gross cash, the present value of its Concentrix note and its treasury shares, less its gross debt.
                                                                             GBL’s investments held in listed entities and treasury shares are measured at their market value,
                                                                                the present value of the Concentrix note is calculated at the market rate taking into account
                                                                                Concentrix’s credit quality, investments in private entities are measured using the
                                                                                recommendations of the International Private Equity and Venture Capital Valuation Guidelines,
                                                                                and recent investments are valued at their acquisition cost, which represents GBL management’s
                                                                                best estimate.
                                                                             GBL Capital’s portfolio of investments is measured by adding all investments at fair value
                                                                                provided by the fund managers with GBL Capital’s net cash, less its net debt.
                                                                             Sienna Investment Managers’ assets are valued at the acquisition cost of the management
                                                                                companies, less, where applicable, impairments.
                                                                          For more information on GBL's net asset value and valuation principles, refer to its website
                                                                          (www.gbl.com).
                                       Net asset value of                 Net asset value of investment funds represents the fair value of the investments held within the fund,
                                        investment funds                  net of any liabilities.

                                       Net carried interest               Represents carried interest earned, net of direct employee costs which are usually recognized over
                                                                          the vesting period.

                                       Unfunded commitments               Represents the capital that has been committed by limited partners, but not called by the fund. In
                                                                          some cases, unfunded commitments include distributions for funds currently in the investment
                                                                          period, which are recallable by the fund.
                                       Weighted average                   Represents the weighted average management fee rate charged on the fee-bearing capital across all
                                        management fee rate               asset classes during the period.
                                                                          Management fees earned during the period are divided by the average fee-bearing capital of funds,
                                                                          co-investment vehicles and separately managed accounts during such period. Management fees
                                                                          include retroactive management fees earned during the period related to the timing of subsequent
                                                                          fundraising closes.




                                              A  72                                     P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


ABBREVIATIONS

The following abbreviations are used throughout this report:




                                                                                                                                                                                  PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
adidas                       adidas AG                                                     PEM-PVC III                         Performance Venture Capital III, LP
Adjusted net earnings        Adjusted net earnings from continuing operations              PEM-PVC IV                          Performance Venture Capital IV, LP
Affidea                      Affidea Group B.V.                                            PEM-PVC V                           Performance Venture Capital V, LP
Alternative asset            Alternative Asset Investment Platforms                        PEM-PVC VI                          Performance Venture Capital VI, LP
  investment platforms or                                                                  PEM-PVC SOF                         Performance Venture Capital Special
  Investment platforms                                                                                                           Opportunities Fund I, LP
BEX                          BEX Capital                                                   Pernod Ricard                       Pernod Ricard SA
Canada Life                  The Canada Life Assurance Company                             Portage Capital Solutions           Portage Capital Solutions Fund I LP
Canyon                       Canyon Bicycles GmbH                                          Portage Ventures I                  Portag3 Ventures Limited Partnership
ChinaAMC                     China Asset Management Co., Ltd.                              Portage Ventures II                 Portag3 Ventures II Limited Partnership
Concentrix                   Concentrix Corporation                                        Portage Ventures III                Portage Ventures III Limited Partnership
Diagram                      Diagram Corporation                                           Portage Ventures IV                 Portage Ventures IV Limited Partnership
Diagram ClimateTech          Diagram ClimateTech Fund LP                                   Portage Ventures Funds              Portage Ventures I, Portage Ventures II,
Diagram Funds                Diagram Ventures I, Diagram Ventures II,                                                            Portage Ventures III and Portage Ventures IV
                               Diagram Ventures III, Diagram ClimateTech                   Potentia or Potentia Renewables     Potentia Renewables Inc.
                               Diagram Opportunity                                         Power Financial                     Power Financial Corporation
Diagram Opportunity          Diagram Opportunity Fund I LP                                 Power group                         The Corporation and the subsidiaries and
Diagram Ventures I           Diagram Ventures LP                                                                                 affiliated companies of the Corporation
Diagram Ventures II          Diagram Ventures II LP                                        Power Sustainable                   Power Sustainable Capital Inc.
Diagram Ventures III         Diagram Ventures III LP                                       Power Sustainable Decarb PE         Power Sustainable Decarbonization Private Equity
EBR                          Euronext Brussels                                             Power Sustainable Energy or         Power Sustainable Energy Infrastructure Inc.
Empower                      Empower Annuity Insurance Company of America                    Power Sustainable Energy
EPA                          Euronext Paris                                                  Infrastructure
EverWest                     EverWest Holdings Inc.                                        Power Sustainable                   Power Sustainable Infrastructure
Franklin Templeton           Franklin Resources, Inc.                                        Infrastructure Credit                Credit Manager, LP
Frère Group                  Groupe Frère / Compagnie Nationale à Portefeuille             Power Sustainable Lios              Power Sustainable Lios Inc.
FVOCI                        Fair value through other comprehensive income                 Power Sustainable Manager or PSM    Power Sustainable Manager Inc.
FVPL                         Fair value through profit or loss                             Prudential                          Prudential Financial, Inc.
GBL                          Groupe Bruxelles Lambert                                      PSEIP                               Power Sustainable Energy
GEA                          GEA Group AG                                                                                         Infrastructure Partnership
GMT                          Global Minimum Tax                                            Putnam                              Putnam U.S. Holdings I, LLC
Grayhawk                     Grayhawk Wealth Holdings Inc.                                 Rockefeller                         Rockefeller Capital Management
HalseyPoint                  HalseyPoint Asset Management, LLC                             Sagard                              Sagard Holdings Inc.
IASB                         International Accounting Standards Board                      Sagard Credit Partners I            Sagard Credit Partners, LP
IFRS                         International Financial Reporting Standards                   Sagard Credit Partners II           Sagard Credit Partners II, LP
IGM or IGM Financial         IGM Financial Inc.                                            Sagard Healthcare Partners          Sagard Healthcare Royalty Partners, LP
IG Wealth Management         Investors Group Inc.                                          Sagard MidCap                       Sagard MidCap II, Sagard MidCap 3, and
Imerys                       Imerys SA                                                                                          Sagard MidCap 4
Irish Life                   Irish Life Group Limited                                      Sagard MidCap II                    Sagard II-A FPCI and Sagard II-B FPCI
Lifeco                       Great-West Lifeco Inc.                                        Sagard MidCap 3                     Sagard 3 FPCI
Lion or Lion Electric        The Lion Electric Company                                     Sagard MidCap 4                     Sagard 4A FPCI and Sagard 4 FIPS
LMPG                         LMPG Inc.                                                     Sagard NewGen                       Sagard NewGen FPCI
Mackenzie or                 Mackenzie Financial Corporation                               Sagard Private Credit               Sagard Private Credit LP
   Mackenzie Investments                                                                   Sagard Private Equity Canada        Sagard Private Equity Canada LP
Nautilus or Nautilus Solar   Nautilus Solar Energy, LLC                                    Sagard Private Equity Strategies    Sagard Private Equity Strategies LP
NCIB                         Normal Course Issuer Bid                                      Sagard Senior Lending Partners      Sagard Senior Lending Partners
Northleaf                    Northleaf Capital Group Ltd.                                   or SSLP                              Holdings (I and II) LP, and
Ontex                        Ontex Group NV                                                                                      Sagard Senior Lending Partners
PanAgora                     PanAgora Asset Management, Inc.                                                                     Holdings (I-U and II-U) LP
Pargesa                      Pargesa SA                                                    Sanoptis                            Sanoptis AG
Parjointco                   Parjointco SA                                                 SGS                                 SGS SA
Parques Reunidos             Parques Reunidos Servicios Centrales, S.A.                    SHMI                                Sagard Holdings Management Inc.
Peak                         Peak Achievement Athletics Inc.                               SIX                                 Swiss Stock Exchange
PEM                          Performance Equity Management, LLC                            TSX                                 Toronto Stock Exchange
PEM-PDI III                  Performance Direct Investments III, LP                        Umicore                             Umicore, NV/SA
PEM-PDI IV                   Performance Direct Investments IV, LP                         USPF                                GWL U.S. Property Fund LP
PEM-PDI V                    Performance Direct Investments V, LP                          Wealthsimple                        Wealthsimple Financial Corp.
PEM-PVC I                    Performance Venture Capital, LP                               XETR                                XETRA Stock Exchange
PEM-PVC II                   Performance Venture Capital II, LP




                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                        A  73
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       SUMMARY OF QUARTERLY RESULTS




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                                  2025                                                  2024                                            2023
                                                                                                                     Q1            Q4            Q3           Q2           Q1               Q4        Q3        Q2        Q1
                                       Insurance revenue                                                        5,486         5,399         5,292        5,273        5,250            5,174      5,110     5,081      5,037
                                       Net investment income                                                    2,469         2,931         2,365        2,548        2,516            2,500      2,391     2,154      2,150
                                       Change in FVPL on investments                                            1,406        (2,886)        6,944         (848)      (1,333)         11,098       (5,414)   (2,626)    3,606
                                       Fee income and other revenues                                            3,169         3,201         2,939        2,935        2,729            2,601      2,569     2,564      2,433
                                       Total revenues                                                         12,530          8,645       17,540         9,908        9,162          21,373       4,656     7,173     13,226

                                       Net earnings 1                                                             689            933           371         730           709             406        975       501       313
                                         per share – basic                                                        1.07          1.44          0.58        1.12          1.09            0.63        1.47      0.75      0.47
                                         per share – diluted                                                      1.05          1.43          0.56        1.12          1.08            0.61        1.47      0.75      0.47
                                       Earnings from continuing operations
                                       Net earnings from continuing operations 1                                  689            933           371         730           758             409        997       550       326
                                         per share – basic                                                        1.07          1.44          0.58        1.12          1.17            0.63        1.50      0.82      0.49
                                         per share – diluted                                                      1.05          1.43          0.56        1.12          1.16            0.61        1.50      0.82      0.49
                                       Adjusted net earnings from
                                        continuing operations 1 2 3                                               787            829           693         739           710             688        682       691       610
                                         per share – basic 2                                                      1.22          1.28          1.07        1.14          1.09            1.06        1.03      1.03      0.92
                                       Adjustments 2 3 4                                                           (98)          104         (322)            (9)         48            (279)       315      (141)      (284)
                                         per share – basic 2                                                     (0.15)         0.16         (0.49)      (0.02)         0.08           (0.43)       0.47     (0.21)    (0.43)
                                       1 Attributable to participating shareholders.
                                       2 Adjusted net earnings from continuing operations attributable to participating shareholders and adjusted net earnings from continuing operations per share, and
                                         adjustments and adjustments per share are non-IFRS financial measures or non-IFRS ratios. For a definition of these non-IFRS financial measures, please refer to the section
                                         “Non-IFRS Financial Measures” in this MD&A.
                                       3 GMT legislation was enacted in Canada on June 20, 2024 and applies retroactively to January 1, 2024. As a result, the comparative results for adjusted net earnings and
                                         Adjustments for the first quarter of 2024 are presented on a pro forma basis as if the legislation had been enacted in the first quarter of 2024.
                                       4 The Corporation’s share of Lifeco, IGM and Sagard and Power Sustainable’s Adjustments, including the effect of consolidation, and Adjustments of the Corporation,
                                         including in relation to its investment in ChinaAMC and Standalone businesses, are as follows:

                                                                                                                  2025                                                  2024                                            2023
                                                                                                                     Q1            Q4            Q3          Q2           Q1                Q4        Q3        Q2        Q1
                                          Lifeco
                                             Pre-tax                                                             (152)            (23)       (171)          (29)          11            (398)       (13)     (297)     (200)
                                             Tax effect                                                             34              9           28             6          20             224          2        57        39
                                                                                                                 (118)            (14)       (143)          (23)          31            (174)       (11)     (240)     (161)
                                          IGM
                                            Pre-tax                                                                  (2)            −            (3)          (3)          −              (13)        −       (72)        (9)
                                            Tax effect                                                                −            19             −           −            1                (1)       −        17         7
                                                                                                                     (2)           19            (3)          (3)          1              (14)        −       (55)        (2)
                                          GBL
                                            Pre-tax                                                                 22              −          (44)           −            −              (27)      314        48       (23)
                                            Tax effect                                                                −             −             −           −            −                 −        −         −         −
                                                                                                                    22              −          (44)           −            −              (27)      314        48       (23)
                                          Sagard and Power Sustainable
                                            Pre-tax                                                                (14)           (24)         (38)           (4)         26              (59)       13          9      (48)
                                            Tax effect                                                                2            12             3           −           (1)                3        (3)       (2)       1
                                                                                                                   (12)           (12)         (35)           (4)         25              (56)       10          7      (47)
                                          Standalone businesses
                                             Pre-tax                                                                  −          111           (97)          16          (12)               (9)       2          2        3
                                             Tax effect                                                             12              −             −            5           3                 1        −         −         −
                                                                                                                    12           111           (97)          21           (9)               (8)       2          2        3
                                          Corporate operations and Other
                                            Pre-tax                                                                   −             −             −           −            −                 −        −        97       (14)
                                            Tax effect                                                                −             −             −           −            −                 −        −         −       (40)
                                                                                                                      −             −             −           −            −                 −        −        97       (54)
                                                                                                                   (98)          104         (322)            (9)         48            (279)       315      (141)     (284)




                                             A  74                                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS




                                                                                                                                                             PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
(unaudited)                                                                                                                       March 31,   December 31,
[in millions of Canadian dollars]                                                                                                    2025           2024

Assets
Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                          12,579         13,744
Investments [Note 4]
   Bonds                                                                                                                          171,234        167,400
   Mortgage and other loans                                                                                                        44,921         44,665
   Shares                                                                                                                          20,378         19,572
   Investment properties                                                                                                            8,329          8,350
                                                                                                                                  244,862        239,987
Insurance contract assets [Note 7]                                                                                                  1,275          1,193
Reinsurance contract held assets [Note 7]                                                                                          17,542         17,842
Derivative financial instruments                                                                                                    2,523          2,637
Investments in jointly controlled corporations and associates [Note 5]                                                              8,434          8,801
Owner-occupied properties and capital assets                                                                                        6,382          6,269
Other assets                                                                                                                       43,677         40,668
Deferred tax assets                                                                                                                 2,241          2,181
Intangible assets                                                                                                                   6,982          6,974
Goodwill                                                                                                                           14,716         14,677
Investments on account of segregated fund policyholders [Note 6]                                                                  493,623        496,386
Total assets                                                                                                                      854,836        851,359

Liabilities
Insurance contract liabilities [Note 7]                                                                                           157,971        155,683
Investment contract liabilities                                                                                                    92,033         90,157
Reinsurance contract held liabilities [Note 7]                                                                                        780            795
Obligations to securitization entities                                                                                              5,029          5,025
Power Corporation's debentures and other debt instruments [Note 8]                                                                    647            647
Non-recourse debentures and other debt instruments [Note 9]                                                                        15,960         15,909
Derivative financial instruments                                                                                                    2,318          2,180
Other liabilities                                                                                                                  40,758         39,338
Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                                            1,272          1,253
Insurance contracts on account of segregated fund policyholders [Note 7]                                                           65,868         66,343
Investment contracts on account of segregated fund policyholders                                                                  427,755        430,043
Total liabilities                                                                                                                 810,391        807,373

Equity
Share capital [Note 10]
  Non-participating shares                                                                                                            950            950
  Participating shares                                                                                                              9,218          9,236
Retained earnings                                                                                                                  11,556         11,364
Reserves                                                                                                                            2,425          2,330
Total shareholders' equity                                                                                                         24,149         23,880
Non-controlling interests                                                                                                          20,296         20,106
Total equity                                                                                                                       44,445         43,986
Total liabilities and equity                                                                                                      854,836        851,359




                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                 A  75
                                       POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




                                       CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EARNINGS




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                                                                                                                   Three months ended March 31,
                                       (unaudited)
                                       [in millions of Canadian dollars, except per share amounts]                                                                                             2025                      2024

                                       Insurance service result
                                       Insurance revenue [Note 14]                                                                                                                          5,486                       5,250
                                       Insurance service expenses                                                                                                                          (4,276)                     (4,067)
                                       Net expense from reinsurance contracts                                                                                                                (430)                       (386)
                                       Total insurance service result                                                                                                                          780                       797

                                       Net investment result
                                       Net investment income [Note 4]                                                                                                                       2,469                       2,516
                                       Changes in fair value through profit or loss [Note 4]                                                                                                1,406                      (1,333)
                                                                                                                                                                                            3,875                       1,183
                                       Net finance income (expenses) from insurance contracts                                                                                              (1,426)                         27
                                       Net finance income (expenses) from reinsurance contracts                                                                                              (139)                        (51)
                                       Changes in investment contract liabilities                                                                                                          (1,608)                       (171)
                                       Net investment result                                                                                                                                  702                         988

                                       Net investment result - Insurance contracts on account of segregated fund policyholders
                                       Net investment income (loss)                                                                                                                           (250)                     2,473
                                       Net finance income (expenses) from insurance contracts                                                                                                  250                     (2,473)
                                       Net investment result - Insurance contracts on account of segregated fund policyholders                                                                    -                          -

                                       Other revenues
                                       Fee income                                                                                                                                           2,947                       2,571
                                       Other                                                                                                                                                  222                         158
                                       Total fee income and other revenues                                                                                                                  3,169                       2,729

                                       Other expenses
                                       Operating and administrative expenses                                                                                                                3,230                       2,900
                                       Financing charges                                                                                                                                      218                         201
                                       Total other expenses                                                                                                                                 3,448                       3,101
                                       Earnings before investments in jointly controlled corporations
                                         and associates, and income taxes                                                                                                                   1,203                       1,413
                                       Share of earnings of investments in jointly controlled corporations
                                         and associates [Note 5]                                                                                                                              115                          64
                                       Earnings before income taxes                                                                                                                         1,318                       1,477
                                       Income taxes [Note 16]                                                                                                                                 196                         234
                                       Net earnings from continuing operations                                                                                                              1,122                       1,243
                                       Net loss from discontinued operations                                                                                                                    -                        (115)
                                       Net gain from disposal of discontinued operations                                                                                                        -                          44
                                       Net earnings                                                                                                                                         1,122                       1,172

                                       Attributable to
                                          Non-controlling interests                                                                                                                            420                       450
                                          Non-participating shareholders                                                                                                                        13                        13
                                          Participating shareholders                                                                                                                           689                       709
                                                                                                                                                                                            1,122                       1,172


                                       Earnings per participating share [Note 18]
                                       Net earnings from continuing operations attributable to participating shareholders
                                         Basic                                                                                                                                               1.07                        1.17
                                         Diluted                                                                                                                                             1.05                        1.16
                                       Net earnings attributable to participating shareholders
                                         Basic                                                                                                                                               1.07                        1.09
                                         Diluted                                                                                                                                             1.05                        1.08




                                             A  76                                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME




                                                                                                                                                                    PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                                                     Three months ended March 31,
(unaudited)
[in millions of Canadian dollars]                                                                                                  2025                    2024

Net earnings                                                                                                                      1,122                   1,172

Other comprehensive income (loss)
  Items that may be reclassified subsequently to net earnings
  Net unrealized gains (losses) on FVOCI debt instruments
     Unrealized gains (losses)                                                                                                       71                     (42)
       Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                                                 (16)                      9
     Realized (gains) losses transferred to net earnings                                                                               1                     19
       Income tax expense (benefit)                                                                                                   -                      (5)
                                                                                                                                     56                     (19)

   Net unrealized gains (losses) on cash flow hedges
     Unrealized gains (losses)                                                                                                       61                       24
        Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                                                (17)                      (4)
     Realized (gains) losses transferred to net earnings                                                                            (58)                      (5)
        Income tax expense (benefit)                                                                                                 16                        1
                                                                                                                                      2                       16

   Net unrealized foreign exchange gains (losses) on translation of foreign operations
     Unrealized gains (losses) on translation                                                                                      352                      264
     Realized (gains) losses transferred to net earnings                                                                             -                     (265)
     Unrealized gains (losses) on hedges of net investments in foreign operations                                                 (138)                     (64)
        Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                                                11                        7
                                                                                                                                   225                      (58)

   Share of other comprehensive income (losses) of investments in jointly controlled
    corporations and associates                                                                                                    180                        32

   Total – items that may be reclassified                                                                                          463                      (29)

   Items that will not be reclassified subsequently to net earnings
   Net unrealized gains (losses) on FVOCI equity instruments
      Unrealized gains (losses)                                                                                                     (47)                    (76)
        Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                                                  -                      19
                                                                                                                                    (47)                    (57)

   Share of other comprehensive income (losses) of investments in jointly controlled
    corporations and associates                                                                                                   (172)                        1
   Actuarial gains (losses) on defined benefit plans                                                                                24                     219
     Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                                                   (7)                    (56)
                                                                                                                                    17                     163

   Total – items that will not be reclassified                                                                                    (202)                    107

Other comprehensive income                                                                                                         261                        78

Comprehensive income                                                                                                              1,383                   1,250


Attributable to
   Non-controlling interests                                                                                                        528                     479
   Non-participating shareholders                                                                                                    13                      13
   Participating shareholders                                                                                                       842                     758
                                                                                                                                  1,383                   1,250




                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                       A  77
                                       POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




                                       CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                           Share capital                                                                       Reserves
                                       Three months ended                                                                                                    Other
                                       March 31, 2025                              Non-                                                              comprehensive                                  Non-
                                       (unaudited)                         participating   Participating         Retained        Share-based               income                             controlling     Total
                                       [in millions of Canadian dollars]          shares          shares         earnings       compensation             [Note 17]                  Total       interests    equity

                                       Balance, beginning of year                 950            9,236            11,364                   327                 2,003             2,330          20,106      43,986
                                       Net earnings                                 -                -               702                     -                     -                 -             420       1,122
                                       Other comprehensive income                   -                -                 -                     -                   153               153             108         261
                                       Comprehensive income                           -                 -             702                       -                 153               153            528       1,383

                                       Subordinate voting shares
                                         purchased and cancelled
                                         under Normal Course
                                         Issuer Bid [Note 10]                         -             (45)               (90)                     -                     -                   -            -      (135)
                                       Dividends to shareholders
                                           Non-participating shares                   -                 -             (13)                      -                     -                   -            -       (13)
                                           Participating shares                       -                 -            (394)                      -                     -                   -            -      (394)
                                       Dividends to non-controlling
                                         interests                                    -                 -                 -                     -                     -                   -       (279)       (279)
                                       Expense for share-based
                                         compensation [Note 11]                       -               -                   -                  14                       -              14               9         23
                                       Stock options exercised                        -              27                   -                 (20)                      -             (20)             18         25
                                       Realized gains on FVOCI equity
                                         instruments transferred to
                                         retained earnings                            -                 -               46                      -                 (46)              (46)               -         -
                                       Effects of changes in
                                         capital and ownership of
                                         subsidiaries, and other                    -                -               (59)                    -                    (6)               (6)            (86)       (151)
                                       Balance, end of period                     950            9,218            11,556                   321                 2,104             2,425          20,296      44,445



                                                                                           Share capital                                                                       Reserves
                                       Three months ended                                                                                                    Other
                                       March 31, 2024                              Non-                                                              comprehensive                                  Non-
                                       (unaudited)                         participating   Participating         Retained        Share-based               income                             controlling     Total
                                       [in millions of Canadian dollars]          shares          shares         earnings       compensation             [Note 17]                  Total       interests    equity

                                       Balance, beginning of year                 950            9,284            10,005                   408                 1,496             1,904          19,122      41,265
                                       Net earnings                                 -                -               722                     -                     -                 -             450       1,172
                                       Other comprehensive income                   -                -                 -                     -                    49                49              29          78
                                       Comprehensive income                           -                 -             722                       -                  49                49            479       1,250

                                       Subordinate voting shares
                                         purchased and cancelled
                                         under Normal Course
                                         Issuer Bid [Note 10]                         -             (38)               (59)                     -                     -                   -            -       (97)
                                       Dividends to shareholders
                                           Non-participating shares                   -                 -             (13)                      -                     -                   -            -       (13)
                                           Participating shares                       -                 -            (366)                      -                     -                   -            -      (366)
                                       Dividends to non-controlling
                                         interests                                    -                 -                 -                     -                     -                   -       (266)       (266)
                                       Expense for share-based
                                         compensation [Note 11]                       -                -                  -                    5                      -                5              4          9
                                       Stock options exercised                        -                8                  -                   (2)                     -               (2)             2          8
                                       Realized gains on FVOCI equity
                                         instruments transferred to
                                         retained earnings                            -                 -               11                      -                 (11)              (11)               -         -
                                       Effects of changes in
                                         capital and ownership of
                                         subsidiaries, and other                      -                 -                 -                 (23)                    (2)             (25)          (141)       (166)
                                       Balance, end of period                     950            9,254            10,300                   388                 1,532             1,920          19,200      41,624




                                             A  78                                          P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS




                                                                                                                                                                    PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                                                     Three months ended March 31,
(unaudited)
[in millions of Canadian dollars]                                                                                                    2025                  2024

Operating activities
Earnings before income taxes from continuing and discontinued operations                                                           1,318                  1,316
Income tax paid, net of refunds                                                                                                     (229)                  (163)
Adjusting items
   Change in insurance contract liabilities                                                                                           667                    (4)
   Change in investment contract liabilities                                                                                        1,847                (2,593)
   Change in reinsurance contract held liabilities                                                                                    (26)                   26
   Change in reinsurance contract held assets                                                                                         466                   112
   Change in insurance contract assets                                                                                                (65)                  (87)
   Changes in fair value through profit or loss                                                                                    (1,406)                1,333
   Lifeco’s insurance and investment contract-related activities
      Sales, maturities and repayments of investments                                                                              13,181               10,348
      Purchases of investments                                                                                                    (14,446)              (8,960)
   Other                                                                                                                           (1,584)                (963)
                                                                                                                                     (277)                 365

Financing activities
Dividends paid
   By subsidiaries to non-controlling interests                                                                                      (279)                 (266)
   Non-participating shares                                                                                                           (13)                  (13)
   Participating shares                                                                                                              (363)                 (343)
                                                                                                                                     (655)                 (622)
Issuance of equity
   Corporation’s subordinate voting shares [Note 10]                                                                                  25                       8
   Subsidiaries’ common shares                                                                                                       111                      41
Issuance of investment funds’ limited-life and redeemable units                                                                      136                      70
Repurchase or redemption of equity
   Corporation’s subordinate voting shares for cancellation under normal course issuer bid [Note 10]                                 (135)                  (97)
   Subsidiaries’ common shares                                                                                                       (192)                  (22)
Redemption of investment funds’ limited-life and redeemable units                                                                     (33)                   (2)
Acquisition of non-controlling interests                                                                                               (3)                  (32)
Non-recourse debentures and other debt instruments [Note 9]
   Increase in other debt instruments                                                                                                 143                   255
   Decrease in other debt instruments                                                                                                (168)                 (136)
Repayment of lease liabilities                                                                                                        (28)                  (24)
Increase in obligations to securitization entities                                                                                    285                   256
Repayment of obligations to securitization entities                                                                                  (285)                 (295)
Other                                                                                                                                (484)                  (11)
                                                                                                                                   (1,283)                 (611)
Investing activities
Sales maturities and repayment of investments                                                                                         620                 1,129
Purchases of investments                                                                                                             (618)                 (667)
Investments in jointly controlled corporations and associates [Note 5]                                                                (42)                  (86)
Impact from disposal of discontinued operations                                                                                         -                  (211)
Business acquisitions and asset acquisition, net of cash and cash equivalents acquired                                                  -                   (20)
Distribution and proceeds from disposal of investments in jointly controlled corporations
  and associates [Note 5]                                                                                                            478                     -
Acquisition of capital assets, properties and other                                                                                 (132)                 (158)
                                                                                                                                     306                   (13)
Effect of changes in exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents                                                                      89                    94
Decrease in cash and cash equivalents                                                                                             (1,165)                 (165)
Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year                                                                                      13,744                10,312
Cash and cash equivalents from continuing operations, end of period                                                               12,579                10,147

Net cash from operating activities includes
Interest and dividends received                                                                                                    2,264                  2,112
Interest paid                                                                                                                        297                    246




                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                       A  79
                                       POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




                                       NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (unaudited)




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       (ALL TABULAR AMOUNTS ARE IN MILLIONS OF CANADIAN DOLLARS, UNLESS OTHERWISE NOTED)

                                       Note 1      Corporate Information                                       80            Note 10          Share Capital                                                      94
                                       Note 2      Basis of Presentation and Summary of Material                             Note 11          Share-Based Compensation                                           96
                                                     Accounting Policies                                       81            Note 12          Capital Management                                                 98
                                       Note 3      Business Acquisitions and Other Transactions                83            Note 13          Risk Management                                                   100
                                       Note 4      Investments                                                 84            Note 14          Insurance Revenue                                                 106
                                       Note 5      Investments in Jointly Controlled Corporations                            Note 15          Restructuring and Integration Expenses                            106
                                                     and Associates                                            85
                                                                                                                             Note 16          Income Taxes                                                      107
                                       Note 6      Segregated Funds and Other Structured Entities              86
                                                                                                                             Note 17          Other Comprehensive Income                                        108
                                       Note 7      Insurance Contracts and Reinsurance Contracts Held 88
                                                                                                                             Note 18          Earnings Per Share                                                109
                                       Note 8      Power Corporation’s Debentures and
                                                     Other Debt Instruments                                    90            Note 19          Fair Value Measurement                                            110

                                       Note 9      Non-Recourse Debentures and                                               Note 20          Segmented Information                                             115
                                                    Other Debt Instruments                                     91



                                       The following abbreviations are used in these Consolidated Financial Statements:

                                       Canada Life                 The Canada Life Assurance Company                           PAA                                   Premium allocation approach
                                       ChinaAMC                    China Asset Management Co., Ltd.                            Parjointco                            Parjointco SA
                                       CSM                         Contractual service margin                                  Portage Ventures I                    Portag3 Ventures Limited Partnership
                                       Empower                     Empower Annuity Insurance Company                           Portage Ventures II                   Portag3 Ventures II Limited Partnership
                                                                      of America
                                                                                                                               Portage Ventures III                  Portage Ventures III Limited Partnership
                                       FVOCI                       Fair value through other comprehensive income
                                                                                                                               Power Corporation or                  Power Corporation of Canada
                                       FVPL                        Fair value through profit or loss                            the Corporation
                                       GBL                         Groupe Bruxelles Lambert                                    Power Financial                       Power Financial Corporation
                                       IFRS                        International Financial Reporting Standards                 Power Sustainable                     Power Sustainable Capital Inc.
                                       IGM or IGM Financial        IGM Financial Inc.                                          Power Sustainable Energy              Power Sustainable Energy Infrastructure
                                                                                                                                Infrastructure                        Partnership
                                       IG Wealth Management        Investors Group Inc.
                                                                                                                               Rockefeller                           Rockefeller Capital Management
                                       Lifeco                      Great-West Lifeco Inc.
                                                                                                                               Sagard                                Sagard Holdings Inc.
                                       Lion                        The Lion Electric Co.
                                                                                                                               SHMI                                  Sagard Holdings Management Inc.
                                       LMPG                        LMPG Inc.
                                                                                                                               TSX                                   Toronto Stock Exchange
                                       Mackenzie or                Mackenzie Financial Corporation
                                        Mackenzie Investments                                                                  Wealthsimple                          Wealthsimple Financial Corp.
                                       Northleaf                   Northleaf Capital Group Ltd.
                                       OSFI                        Office of the Superintendent of Financial
                                                                        Institutions




                                       NOTE 1          CORPORATE INFORMATION

                                       Power Corporation of Canada is a publicly listed company (TSX: POW; POW.PR.E) incorporated and domiciled in Canada
                                       and located at 751 Victoria Square, Montréal, Quebec, Canada, H2Y 2J3.
                                       Power Corporation is an international management and holding company that focuses on financial services in North America,
                                       Europe and Asia. Its core holdings are leading insurance, retirement, wealth management and investment businesses,
                                       including a portfolio of alternative asset investment platforms.
                                       The unaudited Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (financial statements) of Power Corporation as at and
                                       for the three months ended March 31, 2025 were approved by its Board of Directors on May 13, 2025.




                                              A  80                                             P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




NOTE 2       BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES




                                                                                                                                           PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
BA SIS OF P RESENTATION
The financial statements of Power Corporation as at March 31, 2025 have been prepared in accordance with International
Accounting Standard 34, Interim Financial Reporting (IAS 34) using the same accounting policies as set out in Note 2 to the
Consolidated Financial Statements of the Corporation for the year ended December 31, 2024 except as described in the
section Changes in Accounting Policies below. The financial statements should be read in conjunction with the Corporation’s
December 31, 2024 Consolidated Financial Statements and notes thereto.
The financial statements include the accounts of Power Corporation and its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis after
elimination of intercompany transactions and balances, and consolidation adjustments.
The financial statements of Power Corporation include, on a consolidated basis, the results of Power Financial, a reporting
issuer in all of the provinces and territories of Canada, and Lifeco and IGM Financial, which are both public companies. The
amounts shown on the consolidated balance sheets (balance sheets), consolidated statements of earnings (statements of
earnings), consolidated statements of comprehensive income (statements of comprehensive income), consolidated
statements of changes in equity (statements of changes in equity) and consolidated statements of cash flows (statements of
cash flows) are mainly derived from the publicly disclosed consolidated financial statements of Lifeco and IGM Financial, all
as at and for the three months ended March 31, 2025. Certain notes to Power Corporation’s financial statements are derived
from the notes to the financial statements of Lifeco and IGM Financial.

SUBSIDIARIES
Subsidiaries, including controlled investment funds, are entities the Corporation controls when: (i) the Corporation has power
over the entity; (ii) it is exposed or has rights to variable returns from its involvement; and (iii) it has the ability to affect those
returns through its use of power over the entity. Subsidiaries of the Corporation are consolidated from the date of acquisition,
being the date on which the Corporation obtains control, and continue to be consolidated until the date such control ceases.
The Corporation reassesses whether or not it controls an entity if facts and circumstances indicate there are changes to one
or more of the elements of control.

JOINTLY CONTROLLED CORPORATIONS AND ASSOCIATES
Jointly controlled corporations are entities in which unanimous consent is required for decisions relating to relevant activities.
Associates are entities in which the Corporation exercises significant influence over the entity’s operating and financial
policies, without having control or joint control. Investments in jointly controlled corporations and associates are accounted
for using the equity method. Under the equity method, the Corporation recognizes its share of net earnings (losses) and other
comprehensive income (loss) of the jointly controlled corporations and associates, and dividends received.
In the case of investments in jointly controlled corporations and associates held by entities that meet the definition of a venture
capital organization, the Corporation has elected to measure certain of its investments in jointly controlled corporations and
associates at FVPL.




                           P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5       A  81
                                       POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




                                       NOTE 2 BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES, JOINTLY CONTROLLED CORPORATIONS AND ASSOCIATES

                                       The financial statements of Power Corporation include the operations of the following direct and indirect subsidiaries and
                                       investments in jointly controlled corporations and associates:
                                                                                                                                                                                                    % equity interest
                                                                                                                                                                                                   March 31,   December 31,
                                       Corporation                                          Classification       Incorporated             Primary business operation                                  2025           2024
                                       Holding company
                                       Power Corporation of Canada                          Parent               Canada                   Holding company
                                       Power Financial Corporation                          Subsidiary           Canada                   Holding company                                            100.0              100.0
                                       Publicly traded companies
                                       Great-West Lifeco Inc. 1                             Subsidiary           Canada                   Financial services holding company                          70.7               70.6
                                         The Canada Life Assurance Company                  Subsidiary           Canada                   Insurance and wealth management                            100.0              100.0
                                         Irish Life Group Limited                           Subsidiary           Ireland                  Insurance and wealth management                            100.0              100.0
                                         Empower Annuity Insurance                          Subsidiary           United States            Financial services                                         100.0              100.0
                                            Company of America
                                       IGM Financial Inc.2                                  Subsidiary           Canada                   Wealth and asset management                                 66.4               66.1
                                         IG Wealth Management                               Subsidiary           Canada                   Financial services                                         100.0              100.0
                                         Mackenzie Financial Corporation                    Subsidiary           Canada                   Asset management company                                   100.0              100.0
                                           China Asset Management Co., Ltd.                 Associate            China                    Asset management company                                    27.8               27.8
                                           Northleaf Capital Group Ltd. 3                   Associate            Canada                   Alternative asset manager                                   70.0               70.0
                                         Rockefeller Capital Management                     Associate            United States            Financial services                                          20.5               20.5
                                       Parjointco SA                                        Joint control        Belgium                  Holding company                                             50.0               50.0
                                         Groupe Bruxelles Lambert 4                         Subsidiary           Belgium                  Holding company                                             32.9               32.9
                                       Alternative asset investment platforms
                                         and other
                                       Power Sustainable Capital Inc.                       Subsidiary           Canada                   Holding company                                            100.0              100.0
                                         Power Sustainable Manager Inc. 5                   Subsidiary           Canada                   Alternative asset manager                                   95.5               95.5
                                         Power Sustainable Energy Infrastructure            Subsidiary           Canada                   Renewable energy fund                                       46.2               46.5
                                          Partnership 6
                                         Potentia Renewables Inc.                           Subsidiary           Canada                   Renewable energy                                           100.0              100.0
                                         Nautilus Solar Energy, LLC                         Subsidiary           United States            Renewable energy                                           100.0              100.0
                                       Sagard Holdings Inc.                                 Subsidiary           Canada                   Holding company                                            100.0              100.0
                                         Sagard Holdings Management Inc. 7                  Subsidiary           Canada                   Alternative asset manager                                   59.2               63.5
                                         Wealthsimple Financial Corp. 8                     Subsidiary           Canada                   Financial services                                          54.3               54.4
                                         Portag3 Ventures LP 9                              Subsidiary           Canada                   Venture capital fund                                       100.0              100.0
                                         Portag3 Ventures II LP 10                          Subsidiary           Canada                   Venture capital fund                                        27.9               27.9
                                         Portage Ventures III LP 11                         Subsidiary           Canada                   Venture capital fund                                        15.4               15.4
                                         Portage Capital Solutions Fund I LP 12             Subsidiary           Canada                   Venture capital fund                                        57.1               57.1
                                       Standalone Businesses
                                         LMPG Inc.                                          Subsidiary           Canada                   Lighting solutions                                          49.6               49.6
                                       1 Power Financial holds a 68.3% equity interest and IGM Financial holds a 2.4% equity interest in Lifeco (68.2% and 2.4%, respectively, at December 31, 2024).
                                       2 Power Financial holds a 62.5% equity interest and Canada Life holds a 3.9% equity interest in IGM Financial (62.2% and 3.9%, respectively, at December 31, 2024).
                                       3 Represents a 49.9% non-controlling voting interest. Held through an acquisition vehicle 80% owned by Mackenzie Investments and 20% by Lifeco.
                                       4 Parjointco has a controlling interest in GBL and holds a 47.0% voting interest.
                                       5 Power Corporation and Lifeco hold an equity interest of 74.7% and 20.8%, respectively, in Power Sustainable Manager Inc.
                                       6 Power Corporation holds a 32.6% equity interest and Lifeco holds a 13.6% equity interest in Power Sustainable Energy Infrastructure Partnership (32.8% and 13.7%,
                                         respectively, at December 31, 2024).
                                       7 Power Corporation and Lifeco hold an equity interest of 47.4% and 11.8%, respectively, in Sagard Holdings Management Inc. (50.8% and 12.7%, respectively, at
                                         December 31, 2024). In March 2025, GBL acquired a 5% fully diluted interest in SHMI for a consideration of US$33 million. GBL also agreed to make future commitments
                                         of €250 million over the next five years in SHMI–managed strategies. GBL holds an equity interest of 5.2% in SHMI at March 31, 2025.
                                       8 Power Financial, Portage Ventures I and IGM Financial hold an equity interest of 13.7%, 10.5% and 30.1%, respectively, in Wealthsimple (13.8%, 10.5% and 30.1%,
                                         respectively, at December 31, 2024).
                                       9 Power Financial holds a 63.0% equity interest and Lifeco and IGM Financial each hold an equity interest of 18.5% in Portage Ventures I.
                                       10 Power Financial, Lifeco and IGM Financial each hold an equal equity interest of 7.7% and Sagard holds a 4.7% equity interest in Portage Ventures II.
                                       11 Sagard, Lifeco and IGM Financial hold an equity interest of 2.4%, 9.0% and 4.0%, respectively, in Portage Ventures III.
                                       12 Sagard and Lifeco hold an equity interest of 29.2% and 27.9%, respectively, in Portage Capital Solutions Fund I LP (29.2% and 27.9%, respectively, at December 31, 2024).




                                             A  82                                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




NOTE 2 BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)




                                                                                                                                 PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
CHA NGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES
The Corporation adopted the amendments to IFRS for IAS 21, The Effects of Changes in Foreign Exchange Rates, effective
January 1, 2025. The adoption of these amendments did not have a material impact on the Corporation’s financial statements.

USE OF SIGNIFICA NT JUDGMENTS, ESTIMATES AND ASSUMPTIONS
In the preparation of the financial statements, management of the Corporation and management of its subsidiaries are
required to make significant judgments, estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, net
earnings, comprehensive income and related disclosures. Key sources of estimation, uncertainty and areas where significant
judgments have been made by the management of the Corporation and the management of its subsidiaries are further
described in the relevant accounting policies in the Corporation’s consolidated Financial Statements and notes thereto for
the year ended December 31, 2024.

FUTURE ACCOUNTING CHANGES
The Corporation and its subsidiaries monitor changes in IFRS, both proposed and released, by the International Accounting
Standards Board (IASB) and analyze the effect that changes in the standards may have on the consolidated financial
statements when they become effective.


NOTE 3      BUSINESS ACQUISITIONS AND OTHER TRANSACTIONS

LIFECO
Sale of United Kingdom Onshore Bond Business
On December 23, 2024, Canada Life U.K., a subsidiary of Lifeco, announced the signing of an agreement to transfer its
onshore bond business to Countrywide Assured plc (Countrywide), a subsidiary of Chesnara plc. Concurrently, the two parties
entered into a reinsurance agreement such that the risks and rewards of the underlying business are transferred to
Countrywide. For the year ended December 31, 2024, the transaction resulted in a net gain of $21 million pre-tax, mainly
driven by recognition of assets associated with the reinsurance agreement. The underlying assets and the related liabilities
on account of segregated fund policyholders, with a carrying value of $2,746 million as at March 31, 2025 ($2,750 million as
at December 31, 2024), are to be transferred to Countrywide pending court approval, which is expected to occur towards the
end of 2025.




                         P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5   A  83
                                       POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




                                       NOTE 4         INVESTMENTS




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       CARRYING VALUES AND FAIR VALUES
                                       Carrying values and estimated fair values of investments are as follows:

                                                                                                                                            March 31, 2025                                      December 31, 2024
                                                                                                                          Carrying                     Fair                        Carrying                   Fair
                                                                                                                             value                    value                           value                  value

                                       Bonds
                                         Designated as FVPL                                                             154,265                    154,265                        151,279               151,279
                                         Classified as FVPL                                                               1,940                      1,940                          1,987                 1,987
                                         FVOCI                                                                           14,730                     14,730                         13,758                13,758
                                         Amortized cost                                                                     299                        301                            376                   377
                                                                                                                        171,234                    171,236                        167,400               167,401
                                       Mortgage and other loans
                                         Designated as FVPL                                                               28,904                     28,904                        29,046                 29,046
                                         Classified as FVPL                                                                5,248                      5,248                         4,886                  4,886
                                         FVOCI                                                                               443                        443                           461                    461
                                         Amortized cost                                                                   10,326                      9,749                        10,272                  9,685
                                                                                                                          44,921                     44,344                        44,665                 44,078
                                       Shares
                                         Classified as FVPL                                                               19,503                     19,503                        18,649                 18,649
                                         Designated as FVOCI                                                                 875                        875                           923                    923
                                                                                                                          20,378                     20,378                        19,572                 19,572
                                       Investment properties                                                               8,329                      8,329                         8,350                  8,350
                                                                                                                        244,862                    244,287                        239,987               239,401
                                       N




                                       NET INVESTMENT INCOME
                                                                                                                 Mortgage and                                    Investment
                                       Three months ended March 31, 2025                            Bonds          other loans                 Shares             properties                Other            Total

                                       Net investment income
                                         Investment income earned                                  1,803                    393                  145                    140                   101          2,582
                                         Net realized losses on derecognition of:
                                             FVOCI assets                                             (1)                     -                     -                       -                    -            (1)
                                         Net expected credit loss (ECL) recovery                        -                     3                     -                       -                    -             3
                                         Other income (expenses)                                        -                     3                   (1)                    (52)                 (65)          (115)
                                                                                                   1,802                    399                  144                      88                   36          2,469
                                       Changes in FVPL                                               704                    307                  204                     (18)                 209          1,406
                                       Net investment income (loss)                                2,506                    706                  348                      70                  245          3,875


                                                                                                                 Mortgage and                                   Investment
                                       Three months ended March 31, 2024                           Bonds           other loans                Shares             properties                 Other            Total

                                       Net investment income
                                         Investment income earned                                  1,669                    376                 169                    124                    213          2,551
                                         Net realized losses on derecognition of:
                                             FVOCI assets                                           (19)                       -                  -                        -                    -             (19)
                                         Net ECL recovery                                              -                      2                   -                        -                    -               2
                                         Other income (expenses)                                       -                      7                   8                     (44)                  11              (18)
                                                                                                  1,650                     385                 177                      80                  224            2,516
                                       Changes in FVPL                                           (1,572)                    (30)                640                     (66)                (305)          (1,333)
                                       Net investment income (loss)                                    78                   355                 817                      14                   (81)         1,183


                                       Investment income from bonds and mortgage and other loans includes interest income and premium and discount
                                       amortization. Income from shares includes dividends and distributions from equity investment funds and gains realized on
                                       deconsolidation of subsidiaries and investment funds. Investment properties income includes rental income earned on
                                       investment properties, ground rent income earned on leased and subleased land, fee recoveries, lease cancellation income,
                                       and interest and other investment income earned on investment properties. Other income includes foreign exchange gains
                                       and losses, income earned from derivative financial instruments and other miscellaneous income.




                                            A  84                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




NOTE 5           INVESTMENTS IN JOINTLY CONTROLLED CORPORATIONS AND ASSOCIATES




                                                                                                                                                                                       PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
The carrying values of the investments in jointly controlled corporations and associates are as follows:
                                                                        Jointly controlled
                                                                             corporations                                                                  Associates
March 31, 2025                                                    Parjointco       Other ¹        ChinaAMC              Lion     Northleaf   Rockefeller    Other ¹ ²       Total

Carrying value, beginning of year                                    3,683             413             1,661               -         354           903        1,787        8,801
  Acquisition and investments                                            -               2                 -               -          11              -          40           53
  Disposal                                                               -               -                 -               -           -              -          (5)          (5)
  Share of earnings (losses)                                            25               -                30               -           8            (4)           9           68
  Changes in FVPL                                                        -               -                 -               -           -              -          47           47
  Share of other comprehensive
    income (loss)                                                      (10)              9                 7               -            -           (1)           3            8
  Dividends and distributions                                             -             (2)              (66)              -            -             -        (471)        (539)
  Effects of changes in ownership and other                              7                -                 -              -          (3)             -          (3)           1
Carrying value, end of period                                        3,705             422             1,632               -         370           898        1,407        8,434

1 Includes investments in jointly controlled corporations and associates held by entities that meet the definition of a venture capital organization, which have been elected
  to be measured at FVPL of $1,034 million at March 31, 2025 ($950 million at December 31, 2024).
2 Includes the investment in Desert Quartzite, LLC, a solar and storage project located in California. In the first quarter of 2025, the Corporation received a distribution of
  $470 million following the closing of a financing transaction. The investment is classified as an associate with a carrying value of $122 million at March 31, 2025
  ($594 million at December 31, 2024).



                                                                       Jointly controlled
                                                                            corporations                                                                   Associates
March 31, 2024                                                   Parjointco        Other ¹       ChinaAMC               Lion     Northleaf   Rockefeller     Other ¹        Total

Carrying value, beginning of year                                    3,717            564             1,535            181           302           845        1,008        8,152
  Acquisition and investments                                            -             23                 -               -            -              -          63           86
  Share of earnings (losses)                                            54             (3)               27            (10)            7            (4)           4           75
  Changes in FVPL                                                        -               -                -               -            -              -           9            9
  Impairment                                                             -               -                -            (20)            -              -           -          (20)
  Share of other comprehensive
    income (loss)                                                          1             6                 3              (3)            -          19             7             33
  Dividends and distributions                                              -              -              (73)               -          (8)           -             -            (81)
  Effects of changes in ownership and other                                8            (7)                 -               -            -           -            14             15
Carrying value, end of period                                        3,780            583             1,492            148           301           860        1,105        8,269
1 Includes investments in jointly controlled corporations and associates held by entities that meet the definition of a venture capital organization, which have been elected
  to be measured at FVPL of $921 million at March 31, 2024 ($832 million at December 31, 2023).


NORTHLEAF CAPITAL GROUP LTD.
Additional consideration of up to $245 million may be payable at the end of five years from the acquisition date, on
October 29, 2020, subject to Northleaf achieving exceptional growth in certain performance measures over this period. As at
March 31, 2025, the estimated fair value of the additional consideration was $51 million ($40 million at December 31, 2024).
The change in fair value of $11 million in the three months ended March 31, 2025 was recorded as an adjustment to the cost
of the investment in Northleaf.

LION ELECTRIC CO.
The Corporation held a 34.1% equity interest in Lion at March 31, 2025 (unchanged from December 31, 2024).
On December 19, 2024, Lion and its subsidiaries were granted protection under the Companies' Creditors Arrangement Act
("CCAA"). The fair value of the Corporation's interest in Lion was nil at March 31, 2025 (nil at December 31, 2024).




                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                          A  85
                                       POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




                                       NOTE 6           SEGREGATED FUNDS AND OTHER STRUCTURED ENTITIES




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       The following presents details of the investments, determined in accordance with the relevant statutory reporting
                                       requirements of each region of Lifeco’s operations, on account of segregated fund policyholders:

                                       INVESTMENTS ON ACCOUNT OF SEGREGATED FUND POLICYHOLDERS
                                                                                                                                                                                     March 31,                 December 31,
                                                                                                                                                                                        2025                         2024

                                       Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                                     21,009                        18,895
                                       Bonds                                                                                                                                         75,884                        74,444
                                       Mortgage loans                                                                                                                                 2,081                         2,083
                                       Shares and units in unit trusts                                                                                                              156,111                       154,439
                                       Mutual funds                                                                                                                                 221,927                       232,073
                                       Investment properties                                                                                                                         11,369                        11,317
                                                                                                                                                                                    488,381                       493,251
                                       Accrued income                                                                                                                                   990                           882
                                       Other liabilities                                                                                                                             (2,084)                       (3,829)
                                       Non-controlling mutual fund interest                                                                                                           6,336                         6,082
                                       Total 1 2                                                                                                                                    493,623                       496,386
                                       1 At March 31, 2025, $60,512 million of investments on account of segregated fund policyholders are reinsured by Lifeco on a modified co-insurance basis ($65,315 million
                                         at December 31, 2024). Included in this amount are $679 million of cash and cash equivalents, $10,775 million of bonds, $16 million of shares and units in unit trusts,
                                         $49,005 million of mutual funds, $94 million of accrued income and $57 million of other liabilities.
                                       2 At March 31, 2025, $2,746 million of investments on account of segregated fund policyholders on the balance sheets are expected to be transferred to Countrywide
                                         towards the end of 2025 ($2,750 million at December 31, 2024) (Note 3). Included in this amount are $103 million of cash and cash equivalents, $2,664 million of shares
                                         and units in unit trusts and $21 million of other liabilities.


                                       CHANGES IN INSURANCE AND INVESTMENT CONTRACTS ON ACCOUNT OF SEGREGATED FUND POLICYHOLDERS
                                                                                                                                                                                                Three months ended March 31,
                                                                                                                                                                                           2025                       2024

                                       Balance, beginning of year                                                                                                                    496,386                      422,956
                                       Additions (deductions):
                                         Policyholder deposits                                                                                                                         17,442                       12,473
                                         Net investment income                                                                                                                          1,132                          993
                                         Net realized capital gains on investments                                                                                                      5,583                        2,281
                                         Net unrealized capital gains (losses) on investments                                                                                         (14,017)                      20,037
                                         Unrealized gains due to changes in foreign exchange rates                                                                                      6,856                        3,202
                                         Policyholder withdrawals                                                                                                                     (20,032)                     (13,737)
                                         Change in segregated fund investment in general fund                                                                                              13                            2
                                         Change in general fund investment in segregated fund                                                                                               -                           (1)
                                         Net transfer from general fund                                                                                                                      6                           7
                                         Non-controlling mutual fund interest                                                                                                             254                        1,110
                                                                                                                                                                                       (2,763)                      26,367
                                       Balance, end of period                                                                                                                        493,623                      449,323




                                            A  86                                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




NOTE 6 SEGREGATED FUNDS AND OTHER STRUCTURED ENTITIES (continued)




                                                                                                                                                                                         PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
INVESTMENTS ON ACCOUNT OF SEGREGATED FUND POLICYHOLDERS
(by fair value hierarchy level)
                                                                                                                                                                        March 31, 2025
                                                                                                                Level 1              Level 2               Level 3               Total

Investments on account of segregated fund policyholders                         1
                                                                                                            346,939                134,477             13,694                495,110
1 Excludes other liabilities, net of other assets, of $1,487 million.


                                                                                                                                                                     December 31, 2024
                                                                                                                Level 1              Level 2               Level 3               Total

Investments on account of segregated fund policyholders                         1
                                                                                                             348,889               136,947               13,354              499,190
1 Excludes other liabilities, net of other assets, of $2,804 million.


During the three months ended March 31, 2025, certain foreign equity holdings valued at $2,442 million were transferred
from Level 1 to Level 2 ($1,624 million were transferred from Level 1 to Level 2 at December 31, 2024), primarily based on
Lifeco’s change in use of inputs in addition to quoted prices in active markets for certain foreign equity holdings. Level 2 assets
include the assets where fair value is not available from normal market pricing sources, where inputs are utilized in addition
to quoted prices in active markets and where Lifeco does not have access to the underlying asset details within an investment
fund.
The following presents additional information about Lifeco’s investments on account of segregated fund policyholders for
which Lifeco has utilized Level 3 inputs to determine fair value:
                                                                                                                                               March 31,                 December 31,
                                                                                                                                                  2025                         2024

Balance, beginning of year                                                                                                                     13,354                        13,792
  Total gains (losses) included in segregated fund investment income                                                                              149                          (758)
  Purchases                                                                                                                                       283                         1,130
  Sales                                                                                                                                          (120)                         (872)
  Transfers into Level 3                                                                                                                           32                            97
  Transfers out of Level 3                                                                                                                         (4)                          (35)
Balance, end of period                                                                                                                         13,694                        13,354


Transfers into Level 3 are due primarily to decreased observability of inputs in valuation methodologies. Transfers out of
Level 3 are due primarily to increased observability of inputs in valuation methodologies as evidenced by corroboration of
market prices with multiple pricing vendors.




                                     P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                            A  87
                                       POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




                                       NOTE 7           INSURANCE CONTRACTS AND REINSURANCE CONTRACTS HELD




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       INSURANCE CONTRACT (ASSETS) LIABILITIES
                                                                                                                                     Not measured under the PAA
                                                                                                         Estimates of                      Risk
                                                                                                        present value              adjustment
                                                                                                             of future        for non-financial
                                       March 31, 2025                                                      cash flows                      risk            CSM                           PAA        Total

                                       Assets                                                                (4,369)                       577                  2,686                   (169)    (1,275)
                                       Liabilities                                                          125,904                      6,157                 12,049                 13,861    157,971
                                       Liabilities on account of segregated fund policyholders               65,868                          -                      -                      -     65,868
                                                                                                            187,403                      6,734                 14,735                 13,692    222,564



                                                                                                                                     Not measured under the PAA
                                                                                                         Estimates of                      Risk
                                                                                                        present value              adjustment
                                                                                                             of future        for non-financial
                                       December 31, 2024                                                   cash flows                      risk            CSM                           PAA        Total

                                       Assets                                                                (4,397)                       584                  2,672                    (52)    (1,193)
                                       Liabilities                                                          124,143                      6,155                 11,768                 13,617    155,683
                                       Liabilities on account of segregated fund policyholders               66,343                          -                      -                      -     66,343
                                                                                                            186,089                      6,739                 14,440                 13,565    220,833


                                       REINSURANCE CONTRACT HELD ASSETS (LIABILITIES)
                                                                                                                                      Not measured under the PAA
                                                                                                         Estimates of                       Risk
                                                                                                        present value               adjustment
                                                                                                             of future         for non-financial
                                       March 31, 2025                                                      cash flows                       risk            CSM                          PAA       Total

                                       Assets                                                                 16,106                        743                     594                   99     17,542
                                       Liabilities                                                            (2,230)                       998                     475                  (23)      (780)
                                                                                                              13,876                     1,741                    1,069                   76     16,762



                                                                                                                                      Not measured under the PAA
                                                                                                          Estimates of                      Risk
                                                                                                         present value              adjustment
                                                                                                              of future        for non-financial
                                       December 31, 2024                                                    cash flows                      risk            CSM                          PAA       Total

                                       Assets                                                                 16,644                        731                     344                 123      17,842
                                       Liabilities                                                            (2,488)                     1,021                     728                 (56)       (795)
                                                                                                              14,156                      1,752                   1,072                   67     17,047




                                            A  88                                       P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




NOTE 7 INSURANCE CONTRACTS AND REINSURANCE CONTRACTS HELD (continued)




                                                                                                                                                         PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
DISCOUNT RATES
The following tables provide the lower and upper end of the range of the spot rates used by Lifeco to discount liability cash
flows by major currency:

March 31, 2025                                                         Year 1              Year 5              Year 10   Year 20   Year 30     Year 50
         Lower                                                         3.8%                  3.9%                 4.4%    4.6%      4.6%        4.7%
CAD
         Upper                                                         4.2%                  4.3%                 4.7%    4.9%      5.0%        5.0%
         Lower                                                         4.9%                  4.9%                 5.2%    5.8%      5.5%        5.0%
USD
         Upper                                                         5.3%                  5.4%                 5.6%    6.2%      6.0%        5.3%
         Lower                                                         2.4%                  2.7%                 3.2%    3.5%      3.7%        4.4%
EUR
         Upper                                                         3.4%                  3.6%                 4.1%    4.4%      4.5%        4.6%
         Lower                                                         4.7%                  4.8%                 5.3%    5.9%      6.0%        4.2%
GBP
         Upper                                                         5.4%                  5.6%                 6.1%    6.7%      6.7%        4.9%



December 31, 2024                                                      Year 1              Year 5              Year 10   Year 20   Year 30     Year 50
         Lower                                                         4.2%                  4.2%                 4.5%    4.6%      4.6%        4.9%
CAD
         Upper                                                         4.6%                  4.6%                 4.9%    5.0%      5.0%        5.0%
         Lower                                                         4.9%                  5.2%                 5.4%    5.8%      5.6%        5.1%
USD
         Upper                                                         5.4%                  5.7%                 5.8%    6.2%      5.9%        5.3%
         Lower                                                         2.5%                  2.5%                 2.8%    3.0%      3.2%        4.3%
EUR
         Upper                                                         3.6%                  3.6%                 3.8%    4.0%      4.1%        4.5%
         Lower                                                         4.9%                  4.8%                 5.1%    5.7%      5.7%        4.3%
GBP
         Upper                                                         5.7%                  5.5%                 5.9%    6.5%      6.5%        5.1%

The spot rates in the tables above are calculated based on prevailing interest rates observed in their respective markets.
When interest rates are not observable, the yield curve to discount cash flows transitions to an ultimate rate composed of a
risk-free rate and illiquidity premium. These amounts are set based on historical data.




                         P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                         A  89
                                       POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




                                       NOTE 7 INSURANCE CONTRACTS AND REINSURANCE CONTRACTS HELD (continued)




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       CSM
                                       The concentration of insurance risk of Lifeco by business is as follows:

                                                                                                                     Non-participating (excluding segregated funds)
                                                                                                                                                                                                   Participating
                                                                                                                                                                                                        account
                                                                                                                                                      Capital                                         surplus in
                                                                                                                      United                         and Risk                      Segregated            Lifeco's
                                       Three months ended March 31, 2025                                Canada        States         Europe         Solutions           Total           funds       subsidiaries 1       Total 2

                                       CSM, beginning of year                                             690             55         3,664            2,436           6,845              3,268          3,255         13,368
                                         CSM recognized for services provided                             (18)            (2)          (78)             (62)           (160)              (100)           (38)          (298)
                                         Contracts initially recognized in the period                       7              -            69               67             143                 37             28            208
                                         Changes in estimates that adjust the CSM                          14             16            23                4              57                (46)            46             57
                                         Net finance (income) expenses from
                                           insurance contracts                                                5             1            22               16             44                  (4)             -            40
                                         Effect of movement in exchange rates                                -             -            139               82            221                  70              -           291
                                       CSM, end of period                                                 698             70         3,839            2,543           7,150              3,225          3,291         13,666
                                       1 Included in non-controlling interests on the balance sheets.
                                       2 The amounts in the table above are presented net of reinsurance.



                                                                                                                     Non-participating (excluding segregated funds)
                                                                                                                                                                                                   Participating
                                                                                                                                                                                                        account
                                                                                                                                                      Capital                                         surplus in
                                                                                                                       United                        and Risk                      Segregated            Lifeco's
                                       Year ended December 31, 2024                                     Canada         States        Europe         Solutions           Total           funds       subsidiaries 1       Total 2

                                       CSM, beginning of year                                           1,159             24         3,255            1,745           6,183              3,298          3,154         12,635
                                         CSM recognized for services provided                            (103)            (5)         (286)            (178)           (572)              (408)          (151)        (1,131)
                                         Contracts initially recognized in the year                        36              -           371              251             658                170            119            947
                                         Changes in estimates that adjust the CSM                        (431)            31            79              477             156                197            113            466
                                         Net finance (income) expenses from
                                           insurance contracts                                             29              1            79               47             156                (17)             -            139
                                         Effect of movement in exchange rates                               -              4           166               94             264                 28             20            312
                                       CSM, end of year                                                   690             55         3,664            2,436           6,845              3,268          3,255         13,368
                                       1 Included in non-controlling interests on the balance sheets.
                                       2 The amounts in the table above are presented net of reinsurance.



                                       NOTE 8           POWER CORPORATION’S DEBENTURES AND OTHER DEBT INSTRUMENTS

                                                                                                                                                                                           March 31,             December 31,
                                                                                                                                                                                              2025                     2024

                                       POWER CORPORATION
                                       Debentures – unsecured
                                         8.57% debentures due April 22, 2039                                                                                                                     150                    150
                                         4.81% debentures due January 31, 2047                                                                                                                   249                    249
                                         4.455% debentures due July 27, 2048                                                                                                                     248                    248

                                       Total Power Corporation                                                                                                                                   647                    647

                                       The Corporation has a line of credit of $500 million bearing interest at Adjusted Term SOFR plus 0.70%. At March 31, 2025
                                       and December 31, 2024, the Corporation was not using its line of credit.




                                            A  90                                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




NOTE 9           NON-RECOURSE DEBENTURES AND OTHER DEBT INSTRUMENTS




                                                                                                                                                           PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
A) POWER FINANCIAL, LIFECO AND IGM
The following table presents the debentures and other debt instruments issued by Power Financial, Lifeco and IGM. The
debentures of Power Financial are direct obligations of Power Financial and are non-recourse to the Corporation. All
debentures and other debt instruments of Lifeco and its subsidiaries are direct obligations of Lifeco or its subsidiaries, as
applicable, and are non-recourse to the Corporation. All of the debentures of IGM are direct obligations of IGM and are non-
recourse to the Corporation.
                                                                                                                                March 31,   December 31,
                                                                                                                                   2025           2024

POWER FINANCIAL
Debentures – unsecured
  6.90% debentures due March 11, 2033                                                                                              250             250

Total Power Financial                                                                                                              250             250

LIFECO
Debentures and Senior Bonds – unsecured
   1.75% senior bonds due December 7, 2026 (€500 million) 1                                                                        779             743
   3.337% debentures due February 28, 2028                                                                                         499             499
   6.40% subordinated debentures due December 11, 2028                                                                             100             100
   4.70% senior bonds due November 16, 2029 (€500 million) 1                                                                       777             742
   2.379% debentures due May 14, 2030                                                                                              598             598
   6.74% debentures due November 24, 2031                                                                                          197             197
   6.67% debentures due March 21, 2033                                                                                             396             396
   5.998% debentures due November 16, 2039                                                                                         343             343
   2.981% debentures due July 8, 2050                                                                                              494             494
   7.529% capital trust debentures due June 30, 2052 (face value of $150 million)                                                  155             155
                                                                                                                                 4,338           4,267

Other Debt Instruments – unsecured
  Commercial paper and other short-term debt instruments with interest rate of
    4.614% (4.930% at December 31, 2024)                                                                                           144             144
  0.904% senior notes due August 12, 2025 (US$500 million)                                                                         719             719
  1.357% senior notes due September 17, 2027 (US$400 million)                                                                      575             575
  4.047% senior notes due May 17, 2028 (US$300 million)                                                                            431             431
  4.51% mortgage on investment property due January 1, 2029 (US$39 million)                                                         54              54
  1.776% senior notes due March 17, 2031 (US$400 million)                                                                          574             574
  4.15% senior notes due June 3, 2047 (US$700 million)                                                                             993             993
  4.581% senior notes due May 17, 2048 (US$500 million)                                                                            714             714
  3.075% senior notes due September 17, 2051 (US$700 million)                                                                      998             998
                                                                                                                                 5,202           5,202

Total Lifeco                                                                                                                     9,540           9,469
1 Designated by Lifeco as hedges of the net investment in foreign operations.




                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                 A  91
                                       POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




                                       NOTE 9 NON-RECOURSE DEBENTURES AND OTHER DEBT INSTRUMENTS (continued)




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                                                                                                 March 31,     December 31,
                                                                                                                                                                                    2025             2024

                                       IGM FINANCIAL
                                       Debentures – unsecured
                                         3.44% debentures due January 26, 2027                                                                                                          400           400
                                         6.65% debentures due December 13, 2027                                                                                                         125           125
                                         7.45% debentures due May 9, 2031                                                                                                               150           150
                                         7.00% debentures due December 31, 2032                                                                                                         175           175
                                         7.11% debentures due March 7, 2033                                                                                                             150           150
                                         6.00% debentures due December 10, 2040                                                                                                         200           200
                                         4.56% debentures due January 25, 2047                                                                                                          200           200
                                         4.115% debentures due December 9, 2047                                                                                                         250           250
                                         4.174% debentures due July 13, 2048                                                                                                            200           200
                                         4.206% debentures due March 21, 2050                                                                                                           250           250
                                         5.426% debentures due May 26, 2053                                                                                                             300           300
                                       Debentures of IGM held by Lifeco as investments                                                                                                  (88)          (88)

                                       Total IGM                                                                                                                                       2,312        2,312

                                       Total Power Financial, Lifeco and IGM                                                                                                      12,102           12,031


                                       CHANGES IN DEBENTURES AND OTHER DEBT INSTRUMENTS – POWER FINANCIAL, LIFECO AND IGM
                                       The table below details changes in the debentures and other debt instruments arising from financing activities, including both
                                       cash and non-cash changes.
                                                                                                                                                                                 March 31,        March 31,
                                                                                                                                                                                    2025             2024

                                       Balance, beginning of year                                                                                                                 12,031           11,608
                                         Decrease in other debt instruments                                                                                                            -              (60)
                                         Changes in foreign exchange rates and other                                                                                                  71               73
                                       Balance, end of period                                                                                                                     12,102           11,621




                                           A  92                                         P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




NOTE 9 NON-RECOURSE DEBENTURES AND OTHER DEBT INSTRUMENTS (continued)




                                                                                                                                                                             PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
B) ALTERNATIVE ASSET INVESTMENT PLATFORMS AND OTHER – PROJECT AND OTHER DEBT
The following table presents the other debt instruments held by alternative asset investment platforms and other. All other
debt instruments are credit or loan facilities that are direct obligations, and secured by the assets, of subsidiaries of the
Corporation and are non-recourse to the Corporation.
                                                                                                                                     March 31,           December 31,
                                                                                                                                        2025                   2024

OTHER DEBT INSTRUMENTS
Investment Funds and Other – secured
   Revolving credit facility up to $450 million, with interest equal to CORRA plus 2.75%,
    prime rate plus 1.75%, U.S. base rate plus 1.75% or SOFR plus 2.75%
    ($13 million and US$186 million) ($17 million and US$179 million at December 31, 2024)                                               280                      274
   Revolving credit facility up to US$90 million, with interest equal to SOFR plus 1.8%
    (US$58 million at December 31, 2024)                                                                                                   -                        83
   Revolving credit facility up to US$75 million, with interest equal to the U.S. base rate
    minus 0.35% (US$3 million) (US$11 million at December 31, 2024)                                                                         4                       16
   Revolving credit facility up to US$53 million, with interest equal to U.S. base rate
     plus 0.5% or SOFR rate plus 2.1% (US$23 million) (US$5 million at December 31, 2024)                                                  33                        7
   Revolving credit facility up to US$50 million with interest equal to
    SOFR plus 1.75% or SOFR plus 2.65% (US$30 million) (US$26 million at December 31, 2024)                                                42                       37
   Revolving credit facility up to US$49 million, with interest equal to SOFR plus 2.0%
    (US$46 million) (US$49 million at December 31, 2024)                                                                                   66                       71
   Revolving credit facility up to $14 million, with interest equal to prime rate plus 0.25%                                                2                        -
   Revolving credit facility up to $12 million, with interest equal to prime rate plus 0.25%                                                8                        -
   Mortgage on investment property, due in December 2029, with interest equal to 5.34%
    (US$30 million) (US$29 million at December 31, 2024)                                                                                   44                       43
Renewable Energy – Project debt – secured
   Construction loan facilities due in May 2026, bearing interest at rates equal to
    SOFR plus 2.25% or U.S. base rate plus 1.25% (US$467 million)
    (US$420 million at December 31, 2024)                                                                                                671                      604
   Loan facilities due from December 2030 to December 2037, bearing interest at
    various rates from 4.23% to 6.0% and CORRA plus 1.625%                                                                               490                      496
   Loan facilities due from May 2027 to December 2059, bearing interest at
    various rates from 3.62% to 6.93% and prime rate plus 1.5% ($1,079 million and
    US$152 million) ($1,105 million and US$160 million at December 31, 2024)                                                           1,298                    1,335
   Loan facilities due from June 2025 to March 2048, bearing interest at
    various rates from 2.73% to 6.89% and SOFR plus 2.0% (US$402 million)
    (US$395 million at December 31, 2024)                                                                                                576                      568
   Mezzanine loans due from January 2035 to June 2035, bearing interest at
    various rates from 7.36% to 7.5%                                                                                                       86                       88
Standalone Businesses – secured
   Revolving credit facility and term loan facilities due in September 2025 bearing interest at
    various rates equal to prime rate plus 4.0%, CORRA plus 5.0% or SOFR plus 5.0% 1                                                     187                      186
   Subordinated term facility of $65 million, bearing interest at 13.5%, principal and accrued
    interest payable at maturity in March 2026 1                                                                                           71                       70

Total alternative asset investment platforms and other                                                                                 3,858                    3,878
1 The revolving credit, term loan and subordinated term facilities are subject to certain financial covenants including a minimum cumulative EBITDA covenant. At March 31,
  2025, this covenant was not in compliance; however, the lenders have provided a tolerance letter valid until September 30, 2025.


CHANGES IN OTHER DEBT INSTRUMENTS – ALTERNATIVE ASSET INVESTMENT PLATFORMS AND OTHER
The table below details changes in the other debt instruments arising from financing activities, including both cash and non-
cash changes.
                                                                                                                                     March 31,                March 31,
                                                                                                                                        2025                     2024

Balance, beginning of year                                                                                                              3,878                   3,017
  Increase in other debt instruments                                                                                                      143                     255
  Decrease in other debt instruments                                                                                                     (168)                    (76)
  Changes in foreign exchange rates and other                                                                                               5                      18
Balance, end of period                                                                                                                  3,858                   3,214




                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                A  93
                                       POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




                                       NOTE 10 SHARE CAPITAL




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       AUTHORIZED
                                       The authorized capital of Power Corporation consists of an unlimited number of First Preferred Shares, issuable in series; an
                                       unlimited number of Participating Preferred Shares; and an unlimited number of Subordinate Voting Shares.

                                       ISSUED AND OUTSTANDING
                                                                                                                                                        March 31, 2025                         December 31, 2024
                                                                                                                                           Number                Share                   Number            Share
                                                                                                                                           of shares            capital                  of shares        capital
                                                                                                                                                                          $                                    $
                                       Non-Participating Shares
                                       First Preferred Shares
                                          Non-cumulative Redeemable, fixed rate
                                              Series A                                                                                 6,000,000                     150               6,000,000            150
                                              Series B                                                                                 8,000,000                     200               8,000,000            200
                                              Series C                                                                                 6,000,000                     150               6,000,000            150
                                              Series D                                                                                10,000,000                     250              10,000,000            250
                                              Series G                                                                                 8,000,000                     200               8,000,000            200
                                       Total Non-Participating Shares                                                                                                950                                    950

                                       Participating Shares
                                       Participating Preferred Shares                                                                 54,860,866                     233              54,860,866            233
                                       Subordinate Voting Shares
                                         Balance, beginning of year                                                                 589,948,328                    9,003             597,387,873          9,051
                                             Issued under Stock Option Plan                                                             818,566                       27               3,165,255            113
                                             Purchased for cancellation under Normal Course Issuer Bid                               (2,965,900)                     (45)            (10,604,800)          (161)
                                         Balance, end of period                                                                     587,800,994                    8,985             589,948,328          9,003

                                       Total Participating Shares                                                                                                  9,218                                  9,236




                                           A  94                                       P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




NOTE 10   SHARE CAPITAL (continued)




                                                                                                                                PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
Participating Shares
During the three months ended March 31, 2025, 818,566 Subordinate Voting Shares were issued under the Corporation’s
Executive Stock Option Plan for a consideration of $25 million (241,417 Subordinate Voting Shares issued for the three
months ended March 31, 2024 for a consideration of $8 million).
During the three months ended March 31, 2025, dividends declared on the Corporation’s participating shares amounted to
$0.6125 per share ($0.5625 per share in 2024).

Normal Course Issuer Bids
On March 1, 2024, the Corporation commenced a Normal Course Issuer Bid (NCIB) which was effective until February 28,
2025. During the three months ended March 31, 2025, 2,347,800 Subordinate Voting Shares were purchased for cancellation
by the Corporation pursuant to this NCIB for a total of $104 million (2,519,700 Subordinate Voting Shares for a total of
$97 million during the three months ended March 31, 2024).
On March 1, 2025, the Corporation commenced a new NCIB which is effective until the earlier of February 28, 2026 and the
date on which the Corporation has purchased the maximum permitted number of Subordinate Voting Shares. Pursuant to
this NCIB, the Corporation may purchase up to 20 million of its Subordinate Voting Shares outstanding (representing
approximately 3.7% of the public float of Subordinate Voting Shares outstanding as at February 18, 2025) at market prices.
During the three months ended March 31, 2025, the Corporation purchased for cancellation 618,100 Subordinate Voting
Shares pursuant to this NCIB for a total of $31 million.
In the three months ended March 31, 2025, the Corporation’s share capital was reduced by the average carrying value of the
shares repurchased for cancellation. The excess paid over the average carrying value of share capital was $90 million and was
recognized as a reduction to retained earnings ($59 million during the three months ended March 31, 2024).
In connection with its NCIB, the Corporation has entered into an automatic share purchase plan (ASPP) and may provide
parameters thereunder from time to time to allow a designated broker to purchase Subordinate Voting Shares under the
NCIB at times when the Corporation would ordinarily not be permitted to purchase shares due to regulatory restrictions or
self-imposed blackout periods. Outside of these predetermined trading blackout periods, purchases under the Corporation’s
NCIB will be completed at management’s discretion.
Subsequent event
Subsequent to quarter-end, the Corporation purchased, as of May 13, 2025, an additional 743,700 Subordinate Voting Shares
pursuant to its current NCIB, for a total of $37 million.




                         P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5   A  95
                                       POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




                                       NOTE 11 SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       STOCK OPTION PLAN
                                       On March 31, 2025, there were 19,544,216 Subordinate Voting Shares and 5,592,528 Subordinate Voting Shares reserved
                                       for issuance under Power Corporation’s Executive Stock Option Plan and under Power Financial’s Employee Stock Option
                                       Plan, assumed by Power Corporation (Stock Option Plans).
                                       A summary of the status of the Corporation’s Stock Option Plans, including tandem share appreciation rights (TSARs), as at
                                       March 31, 2025 and 2024, and changes during the respective periods then ended, is as follows:

                                                                                                                                                March 31, 2025                                         March 31, 2024
                                                                                                                                              Weighted-average                                       Weighted-average
                                                                                                                               Options            exercise price                       Options           exercise price
                                                                                                                                                                   $                                                   $
                                       Outstanding, beginning of year                                                      18,804,983                       32.77                23,532,731                     32.41
                                         Granted                                                                            1,158,924                       50.37                 1,292,486                     38.09
                                         Exercised or surrendered for cash                                                 (2,676,798)                      32.31                (1,106,886)                    31.23
                                       Outstanding, end of period                                                          17,287,109                       34.02                23,718,331                     32.77

                                       Options exercisable, end of period                                                  13,211,428                       32.03                19,115,795                     32.01

                                       The exercise price of the 17,287,109 outstanding options ranges from $28.51 to $50.37.

                                       TANDEM SHARE APPRECIATION RIGHTS
                                       A summary of the status of the Corporation’s options with TSARs attached, as at March 31, 2025 and 2024, and changes
                                       during the respective periods ended is as follows:

                                                                                                                              March 31, 2025                                                            March 31, 2024
                                                                                               Weighted-average                    Fair value                             Weighted-average                   Fair value
                                                                                         TSARs     exercise price                  of liability                     TSARs     exercise price                 of liability
                                                                                                                       $                       $                                                 $                     $
                                       Outstanding, beginning of year                7,751,627                  31.40                        84            10,606,606                    31.71                       67
                                         Surrendered for cash                       (1,858,232)                 33.00                       (29)             (865,469)                   31.10                       (6)
                                         Change in fair value                                -                      -                        35                     -                        -                        1
                                       Outstanding, end of period                    5,893,395                  30.90                        90             9,741,137                    31.76                       62

                                       TSARs exercisable, end of period             5,893,395                   30.90                                        9,741,137                   31.76


                                       The fair value of the outstanding cash-settled liability was $90 million at March 31, 2025 ($84 million at December 31, 2024)
                                       and is recorded in other liabilities. The intrinsic value of this liability at March 31, 2025 was $118 million ($104 million at
                                       December 31, 2024).
                                       The fair value of the TSARs was estimated using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model with the following weighted-average
                                       assumptions:
                                                                                                                                                                            March 31,                        March 31,
                                                                                                                                                                               2025                             2024

                                       Dividend yield                                                                                                                        5.6%                              5.4%
                                       Expected volatility                                                                                                          17.7% – 19.9%                     17.5% – 20.8%
                                       Risk-free interest rate                                                                                                               2.7%                       3.9% – 5.3%
                                       Expected remaining life (years)                                                                                                   1.0 – 4.0                         0.1 – 5.0
                                       Share price ($/share)                                                                                                                50.88                             37.98
                                       Weighted-average exercise price ($/option)                                                                                           30.90                             31.76
                                       Weighted-average fair value ($/option)                                                                                               15.35                              6.39


                                       The Corporation entered into total return swap agreements to manage exposure to the volatility of a portion of its cash-settled
                                       share-based payments and related liability. For the three months ended March 31, 2025, a net gain of $4 million (a net loss
                                       of $1 million in 2024) arising from the change in fair value of the liability, net of the gain on the remeasurement to fair value
                                       of the derivative instruments, was included in operating and administrative expenses in the statements of earnings.




                                           A  96                                         P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




NOTE 11    SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION (continued)




                                                                                                                                                 PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
COMPENSATION EXPENSE
During the three months ended March 31, 2025, Power Corporation granted 1,158,924 options (1,292,486 options for the
three months ended March 31, 2024) under its Executive Stock Option Plan. Generally, the options vest on the basis of [i] the
first 50%, three years from the date of the grant and [ii] the remaining 50% four years from the date of the grant.
The fair value of the options granted was estimated using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model with the following weighted-
average assumptions:
                                                                                                                         March 31,   March 31,
                                                                                                                            2025        2024

Dividend yield                                                                                                             5.7%         5.5%
Expected volatility                                                                                                       18.3%        18.6%
Risk-free interest rate                                                                                                    3.1%         3.4%
Expected life (years)                                                                                                       9.1          9.2
Fair value ($/option)                                                                                                      4.00         3.53
Weighted-average exercise price ($/option)                                                                                50.37        38.09


The expected volatility has been estimated based on the historical volatility of the Corporation’s share price using the
expected option life.
Lifeco, IGM and Wealthsimple have also established stock option plans pursuant to which options may be granted to certain
officers and employees. In addition, other subsidiaries of the Corporation have established share-based compensation plans.
Compensation expense related to equity-settled stock option plans is recorded based on the fair value of the options or the
fair value of the equity instruments at the grant date, amortized over the vesting period. For the three months ended March 31,
2025, total compensation expense relating to the equity-settled stock options granted by the Corporation and its subsidiaries
amounted to $23 million ($9 million in 2024) and was recorded in operating and administrative expenses in the statements
of earnings.

RESTRICTED SHARE UNITS
The Corporation granted Restricted Share Units (RSUs) to an executive to assist in retention and further alignment of their
interests with those of the shareholders. The fair value of the RSUs granted was measured based on the market value of the
Corporation’s Subordinate Voting Shares at the grant date and vest on the basis of [i] 25% two years from the date of grant;
[ii] 50% three years from the date of grant; and [iii] 25% four years from the date of grant. Additional RSUs are issued in respect
to dividends declared on the Subordinate Voting Shares at the dividend payment date. At March 31, 2025, 310,524 RSUs
were outstanding and have not vested.




                           P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5               A  97
                                       POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




                                       NOTE 12 CAPITAL MANAGEMENT




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       POWER CORPORATION
                                       As a holding company, Power Corporation’s objectives in managing its capital are to:
                                         provide attractive long-term returns to shareholders of the Corporation;
                                         provide sufficient financial flexibility to pursue its growth strategy to invest on a timely basis in its operating companies
                                           and other investments as opportunities arise;
                                         maintain a capital structure that matches the long-term nature of its investments by maximizing the use of permanent
                                           capital;
                                         maintain an appropriate credit rating to ensure stable access to the capital markets; and
                                         maintain available cash and cash equivalents at a minimum of two times fixed charges.
                                       The Corporation manages its capital taking into consideration the risk characteristics and liquidity of its holdings. In order to
                                       maintain or adjust its capital structure, the Corporation may adjust the amount of dividends paid to shareholders, return capital
                                       to shareholders or issue capital.
                                       The capital structure of the Corporation consists of debentures, non-participating shares, participating shareholders’ equity
                                       and non-controlling interests. The Corporation views non-participating shares as a cost-effective source of permanent capital.
                                       The Corporation is a long-term investor and as such holds positions in long-term investments as well as cash and fixed income
                                       securities for liquidity purposes.
                                       The Board of Directors of the Corporation is responsible for capital management. Management of the Corporation is
                                       responsible for establishing capital management procedures and for implementing and monitoring its capital plans. The
                                       Board of Directors of the Corporation reviews and approves capital transactions such as the issuance, redemption and
                                       repurchase of participating shares, non-participating shares and debentures. The boards of directors of the Corporation’s
                                       subsidiaries, as well as those of Parjointco and GBL, oversee and have the responsibility for their respective company’s capital
                                       management.
                                       The Corporation itself is not subject to externally imposed regulatory capital requirements. However, Lifeco and certain of its
                                       main subsidiaries, certain of IGM’s subsidiaries and certain of the Corporation’s other subsidiaries are subject to regulatory
                                       capital requirements and they manage their capital as described below.




                                           A  98                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




NOTE 12 CAPITAL MANAGEMENT (continued)




                                                                                                                                        PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
LIFECO
Lifeco manages its capital on a consolidated basis as well as at the individual operating subsidiary level. The primary objectives
of Lifeco’s capital management strategy are:
  to maintain the capitalization of its regulated operating subsidiaries at a level that will exceed the relevant minimum
    regulatory capital requirements in the jurisdictions in which they operate;
  to maintain strong credit and financial strength ratings of Lifeco ensuring stable access to capital markets; and
  to provide an efficient capital structure to maximize shareholder value in the context of Lifeco’s operational risks and
    strategic plans.
Management of Lifeco is responsible for establishing capital management procedures for implementing and monitoring the
capital plan.
The target level of capitalization for Lifeco and its subsidiaries is assessed by considering various factors such as the probability
of falling below the minimum regulatory capital requirements in the relevant operating jurisdiction, the views expressed by
various credit rating agencies that provide financial strength and other ratings to Lifeco, and the desire to hold sufficient
capital to be able to honour all policyholder and other obligations of Lifeco with a high degree of confidence.
In Canada, OSFI has established a regulatory capital adequacy measurement for life insurance companies incorporated under
the Insurance Companies Act (Canada) and their subsidiaries known as the Life Insurance Capital Adequacy Test (LICAT). The
LICAT ratio compares the regulatory capital resources of a company to its required capital, defined by OSFI as the aggregate
of all defined capital requirements. The total capital resources are provided by the sum of available capital, surplus allowance
and eligible deposits. OSFI has established a supervisory target total ratio of 100%, and a supervisory minimum total ratio of
90%. Canada Life’s consolidated LICAT ratio at March 31, 2025 was 130% (130% at December 31, 2024).
Other foreign operations and foreign subsidiaries of Lifeco are required to comply with local capital or solvency requirements
in their respective jurisdictions.

IGM FINANCIAL
IGM’s capital management objective is to maximize shareholder returns while ensuring that IGM is capitalized in a manner
which appropriately supports regulatory capital requirements, working capital needs and business expansion. IGM’s capital
management practices are focused on preserving the quality of its financial position by maintaining a solid capital base and
a strong balance sheet. IGM regularly assesses its capital management practices in response to changing economic
conditions.
IGM’s capital is primarily used in its ongoing business operations to support working capital requirements, long-term
investments made by IGM, business expansion and other strategic objectives.
The IGM subsidiaries that are subject to regulatory capital requirements include investment dealers, mutual fund dealers,
exempt market dealers, portfolio managers, investment fund managers and a trust company. These IGM subsidiaries are
required to maintain minimum levels of capital based on either working capital, liquidity or shareholders’ equity. At March 31,
2025, IGM subsidiaries have complied with all regulatory capital requirements.

ALTERNATIVE ASSET INVESTMENT PLATFORMS AND OTHER
Certain subsidiaries are subject to regulatory capital requirements, including portfolio managers, asset managers and an
order-execution-only broker. These subsidiaries are required to maintain levels of capital based on their working capital,
liquidity or shareholders’ equity. At March 31, 2025, these subsidiaries have complied with all regulatory capital requirements.




                           P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5    A  99
                                       POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




                                       NOTE 13 RISK MANAGEMENT




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       The Corporation and its subsidiaries have established policies, guidelines and procedures designed to identify, measure,
                                       monitor, report and mitigate material risks associated with financial instruments and insurance contracts. The key risks related
                                       to financial instruments are liquidity risk, credit risk and market risk.
                                         Liquidity risk is the risk that the Corporation and its subsidiaries would not be able to meet all cash outflow obligations as
                                           they come due or be able to, in a timely manner, raise capital or monetize assets at normal market conditions.
                                         Credit risk is the potential for financial loss to the Corporation and its subsidiaries if a counterparty in a transaction fails
                                           to meet its payment obligations. Credit risk can be related to the default of a single debt issuer, the variation of credit
                                           spreads on tradable fixed income securities and also to counterparty risk relating to derivative products.
                                         Market risk is the risk that the market value or future cash flows of a financial instrument and the value of insurance and
                                           investment contract liabilities will fluctuate as a result of changes in market factors. Market factors include three types of
                                           risks: foreign exchange risk, interest rate (including inflation) risk and equity risk.
                                            Foreign exchange risk relates to the Corporation, its subsidiaries and its jointly controlled corporations and associates
                                             operating in different currencies and converting non-Canadian investments and earnings at different points in time at
                                             different foreign exchange levels when adverse changes in foreign currency exchange rates occur.
                                            Interest rate risk is the risk that the fair value of a financial instrument will fluctuate following changes in the interest
                                             rates.
                                            Equity risk is the potential loss associated with the sensitivity of the market price of a financial instrument arising from
                                             volatility in equity markets.
                                       Estimates of sensitivities and risk exposure measures are included for certain risks, such as the sensitivity due to specific
                                       changes in interest rate levels projected and market prices as at the valuation date. Actual results can differ significantly from
                                       these estimates for a variety of reasons, including, but not limited to, changes in the Corporation and its subsidiaries’ asset or
                                       liability profile, changes in business mix, effective income tax rates, other market factors, differences in the actual exposure
                                       relative to broad market indices, variation in exposures by geography, and general limitations of the Corporation and its
                                       subsidiaries’ internal models.
                                       For these reasons, the sensitivities should only be viewed as directional estimates of the underlying sensitivities for the
                                       respective factors. Given the nature of these calculations, the Corporation cannot provide assurance that the actual impact on
                                       net earnings will be as indicated.
                                       The following is a summary of risks in respect to the Corporation and its subsidiaries’ financial instruments and insurance
                                       contracts. In the first section below, the risk management policies and procedures of Power Corporation, Power Financial and
                                       the Corporation’s alternative asset investment platforms and other (other subsidiaries) are discussed. Risks related to Lifeco
                                       and IGM are discussed in subsequent sections. For a more detailed discussion, refer to Note 23 to the Corporation’s
                                       Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended December 31, 2024.




                                           A  100                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




NOTE 13 RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)




                                                                                                                                    PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
P OWER CORPORA TION, POWER FINANCIAL AND ALTERNATIVE ASSET INVESTMENT
P LA TFORMS AND OTHER

LIQUIDITY RISK
Power Corporation is a holding company. As such, the holding company’s cash flows are principally derived from dividends
received from its subsidiaries and income from investments, less operating expenses, financing charges, income taxes and
payment of dividends to its participating and non-participating shareholders. As a holding company, the Corporation’s ability
to pay dividends is dependent upon the Corporation receiving dividends from its principal operating subsidiaries and other
investments. Lifeco and its subsidiaries are subject to restrictions set out in relevant corporate and insurance laws and
regulations, which require that solvency and capital ratios be maintained. IGM’s subsidiaries are also subject to minimum
capital requirements. Regulatory requirements may change from time to time, and thereby impact the ability of the operating
subsidiaries to pay dividends. The declaration and payment of dividends by the Corporation in future periods remains at the
discretion of its Board of Directors and is dependent on the operating performance, profitability, financial position and
creditworthiness of its operating subsidiaries and other investments, as well as on their ability to pay dividends.

Power Corporation and Power Financial believe their ongoing cash flows from operations, available cash balances and
liquidity available through their lines of credit are sufficient to address their liquidity needs.

CREDIT RISK
Power Corporation, Power Financial and other subsidiaries’ cash and cash equivalents, including fixed income securities,
client funds on deposit, other loans and derivatives are subject to credit risk.
Power Corporation, Power Financial and other subsidiaries manage credit risk on their fixed income securities by adhering to
an investment policy that establishes guidelines which provide exposure limits by defining admissible securities, minimum
ratings and concentration limits.
The maximum exposure to credit risk on these financial instruments is limited to their carrying value.

MARKET RISK
Power Corporation and Power Financial and other subsidiaries’ financial instruments are comprised of cash and cash
equivalents, fixed income securities, other investments (consisting of equity securities, other loans and private investment
funds), derivatives and debentures and other debt instruments.

Equity Risk
Power Corporation, Power Financial and other subsidiaries held other investments either classified as FVOCI or FVPL.
Unrealized gains and losses on investments classified as FVOCI are recorded in other comprehensive income and transferred
directly to retained earnings on realization. Unrealized gains and losses on investments classified as FVPL are recorded directly
in net earnings. As at March 31, 2025, the Corporation’s investments classified as FVOCI are not significant. At March 31,
2025, the impact of a 10% decrease in the value of other investments held by Power Corporation, Power Financial and other
subsidiaries would have resulted in an approximate $371 million loss recorded in net earnings related to investments
classified as FVPL, including investments in jointly controlled corporations and associates measured at FVPL ($342 million at
December 31, 2024).
GBL holds a portfolio of investments which are classified as FVOCI or FVPL. Unrealized gains and losses on investments
classified as FVOCI are recorded in other comprehensive income and transferred directly to retained earnings on realization.
Unrealized gains and losses on investments classified as FVPL are recorded directly in net earnings. As at March 31, 2025, the
impact of a 10% decrease in equity markets would have resulted in an approximate $195 million unrealized loss ($220 million
at December 31, 2024) to be recorded in other comprehensive income related to investments classified as FVOCI and a
$80 million loss ($75 million at December 31, 2024) recorded in net earnings related to investments classified as FVPL,
representing the Corporation’s share of Parjointco’s unrealized losses.
Power Corporation, Power Financial and other subsidiaries’ exposure and management of liquidity risk, credit risk and market
risk have not changed materially since December 31, 2024.




                          P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5   A  101
                                       POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




                                       NOTE 13 RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       LIFECO
                                       The risk committee of the board of directors of Lifeco is responsible for the oversight of Lifeco’s key risks. Lifeco has
                                       established policies and procedures designed to identify, measure, manage, monitor and report material risks associated
                                       with financial instruments and insurance contracts. Lifeco’s approach to risk management has not changed significantly since
                                       December 31, 2024. Certain risks are presented below. For a more detailed discussion of Lifeco’s risk governance structure
                                       and risk management approach, refer to Note 23 to the Corporation’s Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended
                                       December 31, 2024.

                                       LIQUIDITY RISK
                                       Lifeco has the following policies and procedures in place to manage liquidity risk:
                                         Management of Lifeco closely manages operating liquidity through cash flow matching of assets and liabilities and
                                           forecasting earned and required yields, to ensure consistency between policyholder requirements and the yield of assets.
                                         Management of Lifeco closely monitors the solvency and capital positions of its principal subsidiaries opposite liquidity
                                           requirements at the holding company. Additional liquidity is available through established lines of credit or via capital
                                           market transactions. Lifeco maintains committed lines of credit with Canadian chartered banks.

                                       CREDIT RISK
                                       Concentrations of Credit Risk
                                       Concentrations of credit risk arise from exposures to a single debtor, a group of related debtors or groups of debtors that
                                       have similar credit risk characteristics in that they operate in the same geographic region or in similar industries. The
                                       characteristics of such debtors are similar in that changes in economic or political environments may impact their ability to
                                       meet obligations as they come due. No significant changes have occurred from the year ended December 31, 2024.
                                       Expected Credit Losses
                                       The majority of Lifeco’s financial assets are measured at FVPL and therefore are not subject to the ECL model. The ECL model
                                       only applies to FVOCI and amortized cost fixed income investments. The ECL allowance at Lifeco was $30 million at March 31,
                                       2025, of which $4 million was Stage 1, $19 million was Stage 2 and $7 million was Stage 3 ($33 million at December 31, 2024,
                                       of which $5 million was Stage 1, $21 million was Stage 2 and $7 million was Stage 3).

                                       Credit Impact on Financial Assets Designated as FVPL
                                       The carrying value of Lifeco’s portfolio investments designated as FVPL represents the maximum exposure to credit risk for
                                       those assets. The change in fair value attributable to the change in credit risk of these assets is generally insignificant in the
                                       absence of significant credit events occurring on specific assets. For the three months ended March 31, 2025, a fair value loss
                                       of $56 million (nil in 2024) is reflected in changes in FVPL in the statement of earnings related to significant credit events
                                       occurring on assets designated as FVPL.

                                       MARKET RISK
                                       Foreign Exchange Risk
                                       If the assets backing insurance and investment contract liabilities are not matched by currency, changes in foreign exchange
                                       rates can expose Lifeco to the risk of foreign exchange losses not offset by liability decreases.
                                         A 10% weakening of the Canadian dollar against foreign currencies would be expected to increase non-participating
                                           insurance and investment contract liabilities and their supporting assets by approximately the same amount, resulting in
                                           an immaterial immediate change to net earnings. A 10% strengthening of the Canadian dollar against foreign currencies
                                           would be expected to decrease non-participating insurance and investment contract liabilities and their supporting
                                           assets by approximately the same amount, resulting in an immaterial immediate change to net earnings.
                                       Lifeco has net investments in foreign operations. Lifeco’s debt obligations are denominated in Canadian dollars, euros and
                                       U.S. dollars. In accordance with IFRS, foreign currency translation gains and losses from net investments in foreign operations,
                                       net of related hedging activities and tax effects, are recorded in other comprehensive income. Strengthening or weakening
                                       of the Canadian dollar spot rate compared to the U.S. dollar, British pound and euro spot rates impacts Lifeco’s total equity.
                                       Correspondingly, Lifeco’s book value per share and capital ratios monitored by rating agencies are also impacted.




                                           A  102                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




NOTE 13 RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)




                                                                                                                                                                               PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
Interest Rate Risk
The following policies and procedures are in place to mitigate Lifeco’s exposure to interest rate risk:
  Lifeco manages its interest rate risk by investing in assets that are suitable for the products sold.
  Lifeco uses a formal process for managing the matching of assets and liabilities. This involves grouping general fund
    assets and liabilities into each of its segments. Assets in each of its segment are generally managed in relation to the
    liabilities in the segment.
  For products with fixed and highly predictable benefit payments, investments are generally made in fixed income assets
    or investment properties whose cash flows closely match the liability product cash flows. Where assets are not available
    to match certain period cash flows, such as long-tail cash flows, a portion of these are invested in equities and other non-
    fixed income assets while the rest are duration matched.
  Hedging instruments are employed when there is a lack of suitable permanent investments or to manage the level of loss
    exposure to interest rate changes.
  To the extent asset and liability cash flows are matched, protection against interest rate change is achieved and any
    change in the fair value of the assets will be offset by a similar change in the fair value of the liabilities.
  For products with less predictable timing of benefit payments, investments are made in fixed income assets with cash
    flows of a shorter duration than the anticipated timing of benefit payments, or equities and non-fixed income assets.
  The risks associated with the mismatch in portfolio duration and cash flow, asset prepayment exposure and the pace of
    asset acquisition are quantified and reviewed regularly.
The impact to net earnings from changes in the interest rates would be largely offset by changes in the value of financial assets
supporting the liabilities. However, differences in the interest rate sensitivity in the value of assets and the value of insurance
and investment contract liabilities leads to a sensitivity to interest rate movements in net earnings.
Lifeco’s asset liability management strategy uses equities and other non-fixed income assets as a component of general fund
assets supporting liabilities, which leads to interest rate exposure in the net earnings. Further, the classification of financial
assets, such as mortgage assets in the United Kingdom which are valued at amortized cost and held in the general fund assets
supporting liabilities, also contributes to interest rate exposure in net earnings.
The impact to net earnings and equity from an immediate parallel 50 basis point increase or decrease in interest rates is
illustrated in the table below, rounded to the nearest $25 million:
Change in market yield curves
                                                                                                                  March 31, 2025                        December 31, 2024
                                                                                               Increase                 Decrease            Increase              Decrease
                                                                                        50 basis points           50 basis points    50 basis points        50 basis points
                                                                                          interest rates            interest rates     interest rates         interest rates

Net earnings                                                                                       125                     (150)               125                    (150)
Equity                                                                                             100                     (150)                75                    (125)

The sensitivities above reflect the immediate impacts on net earnings and equity from market movements.
Actual impacts of interest rate changes will vary depending upon the geography where the changes occur. Net earnings are
positively impacted by a parallel increase in interest rates in Canada, the United States and the United Kingdom and are
positively impacted by a parallel decrease in interest rates in the eurozone. Actual impacts of interest rate changes also vary
by the level of change in interest rates by term. Therefore, actual impacts from interest rate changes may differ from the
estimated impact of parallel movements in all geographies, which is presented above.
The potential impact on the net earnings does not take into account any future potential changes to Lifeco’s ultimate
investment rate (UIR) assumptions. As at both March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, the sensitivity of net earnings to a
10 basis point increase or decrease in the UIR in all geographies would be an increase of $25 million or a decrease of
$25 million post-tax, respectively.




                           P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                        A  103
                                       POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




                                       NOTE 13 RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       The impact to net earnings and equity from an immediate parallel 50 basis point increase or decrease in credit spreads is
                                       illustrated in the table below, rounded to the nearest $25 million, with no change to the ultimate illiquidity premium.
                                       Change in credit spreads
                                                                                                                                                March 31, 2025                                 December 31, 2024
                                                                                                                             Increase                 Decrease                     Increase              Decrease
                                                                                                                      50 basis points           50 basis points             50 basis points        50 basis points
                                                                                                                       credit spreads            credit spreads              credit spreads         credit spreads

                                       Net earnings                                                                              225                        (300)                     250                   (300)
                                       Equity                                                                                    300                        (400)                     325                   (400)

                                       The sensitivities above reflect the immediate impacts on net earnings and equity from market movements.
                                       Actual impacts of credit spread changes will vary depending on the geographies where the changes occur, and the changes
                                       in credit spreads by term. A change in credit spreads may also lead to a change in the allowance for credit risk within the
                                       discount rate, depending on prevailing market and credit conditions at the time; any potential earnings impacts that may arise
                                       from such a change are not reflected in the sensitivities above.

                                       Equity Risk
                                       Lifeco has investment policy guidelines in place that provide for prudent investment in equity markets with clearly defined
                                       limits to mitigate price risk. The risks associated with segregated fund guarantees on lifetime Guaranteed Minimum
                                       Withdrawal Benefits have been mitigated through a hedging program using equity futures, currency forwards and interest
                                       rate derivatives.
                                       Some insurance and investment contract liabilities with long-tail cash flows are supported by publicly traded common shares
                                       and investments in other non-fixed income assets, primarily comprised of investment properties, real estate funds, private
                                       equities, and equity-release mortgages. Net earnings will reflect changes in the value of non-fixed income assets. However,
                                       in most cases the value of the liabilities will not fluctuate with changes in the value of the non-fixed income assets.
                                       The liabilities for segregated fund products with guarantees will fluctuate with changes in the value of the non-fixed income
                                       assets. Under current market conditions, there are no earnings impacts to Lifeco on segregated fund business that it does not
                                       hedge, as changes in the cost of guarantees are fully offset within the CSM. For segregated fund business that Lifeco hedges,
                                       there is a limited earnings impact with respect to the change in liability versus the change in hedge assets.
                                       The following table provides information on the expected immediate impacts of an immediate 10% or 20% increase or
                                       decrease in the value of publicly traded common shares on net earnings and equity, rounded to the nearest $25 million:
                                       Change in publicly traded common share values
                                                                                                                              March 31, 2025                                                    December 31, 2024
                                                                                                 Increase                            Decrease                              Increase                      Decrease
                                                                                  20%                 10%              10%                 20%              20%                 10%            10%            20%

                                       Net earnings                              100                  50              (50)               (100)              100                 50             (50)          (100)
                                       Equity                                    550                 275             (275)               (550)              525                250            (250)          (525)

                                       The sensitivities above reflect the immediate impacts on the net earnings and equity from market movements.
                                       The following table provides information on the expected impacts of an immediate 5% or 10% increase or decrease in the
                                       value of other non-fixed income assets on net earnings and equity, rounded to the nearest $25 million:
                                       Change in other non-fixed income asset values
                                                                                                                              March 31, 2025                                                    December 31, 2024
                                                                                                 Increase                            Decrease                              Increase                      Decrease
                                                                                  10%                  5%                5%                10%              10%                  5%             5%            10%

                                       Net earnings                              425                 200             (225)               (450)              425                225            (225)          (450)
                                       Equity                                    450                 225             (225)               (475)              475                250            (250)          (500)

                                       The sensitivities above reflect the immediate impacts on net earnings and equity from market movements.




                                           A  104                                      P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




NOTE 13 RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)




                                                                                                                                           PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
IGM FINANCIA L
The risk committee of the board of IGM is responsible for assisting the board of directors of IGM in reviewing and overseeing
the risk governance structure and risk management program of IGM.
The risk management policies and procedures of IGM have not changed materially since December 31, 2024. Certain risks
are presented below. For a more detailed discussion of IGM’s risk governance structure and risk management approach, refer
to Note 23 to the Corporation’s Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended December 31, 2024.

LIQUIDITY RISK
IGM’s liquidity profile is structured to ensure it has sufficient liquidity to satisfy current and prospective requirements in both
normal and stressed conditions. IGM’s liquidity management practices include:
  Maintaining liquid assets and lines of credit to satisfy near-term liquidity needs.
  Ensuring effective controls over liquidity management processes.
  Performing regular cash forecasts and stress testing.
  Regular assessment of capital market conditions and IGM’s ability to access bank and capital market funding.
  Ongoing efforts to diversify and expand long-term mortgage funding sources.
  Oversight of liquidity risks by its internal financial risk management committee.
A key liquidity requirement for IGM is the funding of advisor network compensation paid for the distribution of financial
products and services. This compensation continues to be paid from operating cash flows.
IGM believes its cash flows from operations, available cash balances and other sources of liquidity are sufficient to meet its
liquidity needs. IGM’s liquidity position and its management of liquidity and funding risk have not changed materially since
December 31, 2024.

CREDIT RISK
IGM’s cash and cash equivalents, client funds on deposit, mortgage portfolios and derivatives are subject to credit risk. IGM
monitors its credit risk management practices on an ongoing basis to evaluate their effectiveness.
IGM’s allowance for expected credit losses was $1 million at March 31, 2025 ($1 million at December 31, 2024), and is
considered adequate by IGM’s management to absorb all credit-related losses in the mortgage portfolios based on:
i) historical credit performance experience; ii) recent trends in interest rates; iii) current portfolio credit metrics and other
relevant characteristics; iv) its strong financial planning relationship with its clients; and v) stress testing of losses under adverse
real estate market conditions.
IGM’s exposure to and management of credit risk related to cash and cash equivalents, fixed income securities and mortgage
portfolios have not changed materially since December 31, 2024.

MARKET RISK
Foreign Exchange Risk
IGM is exposed to foreign exchange risk on its investment in ChinaAMC and Rockefeller. Changes to the carrying value due
to changes in foreign exchange rates are recognized in other comprehensive income. As of March 31, 2025, a 5% appreciation
in Canadian currency relative to foreign currencies would decrease the aggregate carrying value of foreign investments by
approximately $136 million ($138 million at December 31, 2024).




                           P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5      A  105
                                       POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




                                       NOTE 14 INSURANCE REVENUE




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                                                                                                      Three months ended March 31,
                                                                                                                                                                                 2025                       2024

                                       Contracts not measured under the PAA
                                       Amounts relating to changes in liabilities for remaining coverage
                                         Experience adjustments                                                                                                                  (27)                         (9)
                                         CSM recognized for services provided                                                                                                    331                         310
                                         Change in risk adjustment for non-financial risk for risk expired                                                                       153                         152
                                         Expected incurred claims and other insurance service expenses                                                                         2,440                       2,332
                                         Recovery of insurance acquisition cash flows                                                                                            167                         143
                                                                                                                                                                               3,064                       2,928
                                       Contracts measured under the PAA                                                                                                        2,422                       2,322
                                       Total insurance revenue                                                                                                                 5,486                       5,250



                                       NOTE 15 RESTRUCTURING AND INTEGRATION EXPENSES

                                       Restructuring and integration expenses are recorded in operating and administrative expenses on the statements of earnings
                                       and include:

                                       LIFECO
                                       Canada restructuring
                                       No restructuring provision was recorded by Lifeco for the three months ended March 31, 2025 in Canada ($23 million in
                                       2024). The restructuring was related to the transitioning of some of the information technology operations functions to a
                                       managed service arrangement with an external provider. At March 31, 2025, Lifeco has a provision of $6 million remaining in
                                       other liabilities related to this restructuring ($7 million at December 31, 2024) and expects to utilize a significant portion of
                                       that amount during 2025.

                                       Empower Restructuring and Integration
                                       No restructuring provision was recorded by Lifeco for the three months ended March 31, 2025 in the United States
                                       ($17 million in 2024). At March 31, 2025, Lifeco has a provision of $1 million remaining in other liabilities related to this
                                       restructuring ($10 million at December 31, 2024). The restructuring was primarily attributable to staff reductions and other
                                       exit costs related to Lifeco's acquisition of the retirement services businesses of Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Company
                                       and Prudential Financial, Inc. Lifeco expects to pay out of that amount during 2025.
                                       For the three months ended March 31, 2025, Lifeco recorded integration expenses of $1 million ($28 million in 2024).




                                           A  106                                       P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




NOTE 16 INCOME TAXES




                                                                                                                                                        PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
INCOME TAXES
The components of income tax expense (recovery) recognized in net earnings are:

                                                                                                                         Three months ended March 31,
                                                                                                                        2025                   2024

Current taxes
  Current income tax                                                                                                    216                     265
  Global Minimum Tax (GMT)                                                                                               31                       4
                                                                                                                        247                     269
Deferred taxes                                                                                                          (51)                    (35)
                                                                                                                        196                     234


EFFECTIVE INCOME TAX RATE
The effective income tax rate for the Corporation for the three months ended March 31, 2025, was 14.9%, compared with
15.8% for the three months ended March 31, 2024.
The effective income tax rate for the three months ended March 31, 2025, is lower than the effective income tax rate for the
same period last year primarily due to the remeasurement of certain deferred tax liabilities of a subsidiary, partially offset by
the GMT, which was not fully reflected in the first quarter of 2024 due to the timing of the enactment of the Canadian
legislation.
The effective income tax rates are generally lower than the Corporation’s statutory income tax rate of 26.5% due to non-
taxable investment income, lower tax in certain foreign jurisdictions and results from jointly controlled corporations and
associates that are not taxable.




                          P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                    A  107
                                       POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




                                       NOTE 17 OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                           Items that may be reclassified                        Items that will not be reclassified
                                                                                                            subsequently to net earnings                                            to net earnings
                                                                                                                                                                       Actuarial
                                                                                                                                                                   gains (losses)
                                                                                                                            Share of jointly                         on defined      Share of jointly
                                                                                                               Foreign          controlled                               benefit          controlled
                                                                            Investment   Cash flow            currency        corporations           Investment pension plans          corporations
                                       Three months ended March 31, 2025   revaluation    hedges            translation     and associates           revaluation      and other      and associates      Total

                                       Balance, beginning of year               (174)           32              1,778                     18               (285)                   8           626      2,003
                                         Other comprehensive
                                           income (loss)                          16             -                157                   174                  (33)                11           (172)      153
                                         Realized (gains) losses on
                                           FVOCI equity instruments
                                           transferred to retained
                                           earnings                                -             -                  -                     -                   -                   -            (46)       (46)
                                         Other                                    (1)            -                   3                  (16)                  -                   -              8         (6)
                                       Balance, end of period                   (159)           32              1,938                   176                (318)                 19            416      2,104


                                                                                                           Items that may be reclassified                        Items that will not be reclassified
                                                                                                            subsequently to net earnings                                            to net earnings
                                                                                                                                                                       Actuarial
                                                                                                                                                                   gains (losses)
                                                                                                                            Share of jointly                         on defined      Share of jointly
                                                                                                               Foreign          controlled                               benefit          controlled
                                                                            Investment   Cash flow            currency        corporations           Investment pension plans          corporations
                                       Three months ended March 31, 2024   revaluation    hedges            translation     and associates           revaluation      and other      and associates      Total

                                       Balance, beginning of year               (206)           25              1,115                  (276)                 (36)             (150)          1,024      1,496
                                         Other comprehensive
                                           income (loss)                           (8)          16                 (54)                   25                 (40)              110                -       49
                                         Realized (gains) losses on
                                           FVOCI equity instruments
                                           transferred to retained
                                           earnings                                -             -                  -                     -                   29                  -            (40)       (11)
                                         Other                                     -             -                 (1)                   (7)                   -                  -              6         (2)
                                       Balance, end of period                   (214)           41              1,060                  (258)                 (47)               (40)           990      1,532




                                            A  108                                       P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




NOTE 18 EARNINGS PER SHARE




                                                                                                                                                                               PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
The following is a reconciliation of the numerators and the denominators used in the computations of earnings per share:

                                                                                                                                          Three months ended March 31,
                                                                                                                                              2025                  2024

Earnings
Net earnings attributable to shareholders                                                                                                     702                   722
Dividends on non-participating shares                                                                                                         (13)                  (13)
Net earnings attributable to participating shareholders                                                                                       689                   709
Net loss attributable to participating shareholders from discontinued operations                                                                -                    79
Net gain attributable to participating shareholders from disposal of discontinued operations                                                    -                   (30)
Net earnings attributable to participating shareholders from continuing operations                                                            689                   758
Dilutive effect of subsidiaries’ outstanding stock options                                                                                     (3)                   (3)
Effect of equity-settled method for TSARs 1                                                                                                    (4)                    1
Net earnings adjusted for dilutive effect from continuing operations                                                                          682                   756

Number of participating shares [millions]
Weighted average number of participating shares outstanding – Basic                                                                        643.0                  650.6
  Effect of potential exercise of outstanding stock options and RSUs                                                                         5.1                    3.6
Weighted average number of participating shares outstanding – Diluted                                                                      648.1                  654.2


Net earnings per participating share from continuing operations
Basic                                                                                                                                        1.07                   1.17
Diluted                                                                                                                                      1.05                   1.16
Net earnings per participating share
Basic                                                                                                                                        1.07                   1.09
Diluted                                                                                                                                      1.05                   1.08
1 Options with TSARs are accounted for as cash-settled share-based payments. As these options can be exercised in exchange for subordinate voting shares or for cash,
  they are considered potentially dilutive and are included in the calculation of the diluted net earnings per share if they have a dilutive impact in the year, and the net
  earnings used in the diluted calculation is adjusted to reflect the expense had these options been classified as equity-settled.


For the three months ended March 31, 2025, 1.2 million stock options (1.3 million in 2024) were excluded from the
computation of diluted earnings per share as they were anti-dilutive.




                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                               A  109
                                       POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




                                       NOTE 19 FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       The Corporation’s assets and liabilities recorded at fair value have been categorized based upon the following fair value
                                       hierarchy:
                                       Level            Definition                                                                          Financial assets and liabilities
                                       Level 1          Utilize observable, unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for                      actively exchange-traded equity securities;
                                                        identical assets or liabilities that the Corporation has the ability to                 exchange-traded futures;
                                                        access.                                                                                 mutual and segregated funds which have available
                                                                                                                                                 prices in an active market with no redemption
                                                                                                                                                 restrictions;
                                                                                                                                                open-end investment fund units and other liabilities in
                                                                                                                                                 instances where there are quoted prices available
                                                                                                                                                 from active markets.
                                       Level 2          Utilize other-than-quoted prices included in Level 1 that are                           assets and liabilities priced using a matrix which is
                                                        observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly.                    based on credit quality and average life;
                                                        Level 2 inputs include quoted prices for similar assets and                             government and agency securities;
                                                        liabilities in active markets, and inputs other-than-quoted prices                      restricted shares;
                                                        that are observable for the asset or liability, such as interest rates                  certain private bonds and investment funds;
                                                        and yield curves that are observable at commonly quoted                                 most investment-grade and high-yield corporate
                                                        intervals.                                                                               bonds;
                                                                                                                                                most asset-backed securities;
                                                                                                                                                most over-the-counter derivatives;
                                                                                                                                                most mortgage and other loans;
                                                                                                                                                certain other debt instruments;
                                                                                                                                                most of the investment contracts that are measured at
                                                                                                                                                 FVPL;
                                                                                                                                                notes issued by consolidated collateralized loan
                                                                                                                                                 obligations (CLOs);
                                                                                                                                                certain limited-life and redeemable fund units.
                                       Level 3          Utilize one or more significant inputs that are not based on                            certain bonds;
                                                        observable market inputs and include situations where there is                          certain asset-backed securities;
                                                        little, if any, market activity for the asset or liability.                             certain private equities;
                                                        The values of the majority of Level 3 securities were obtained                          certain investments in jointly controlled corporations
                                                        from single-broker quotes, internal pricing models, external                             and associates;
                                                        appraisers or by discounting projected cash flows.                                      certain mortgage and other loans, including
                                                                                                                                                 equity-release mortgages;
                                                                                                                                                investments in mutual and segregated funds where
                                                                                                                                                 there are redemption restrictions;
                                                                                                                                                certain over-the-counter derivatives;
                                                                                                                                                investment properties;
                                                                                                                                                most of the limited-life and redeemable fund units.




                                               A  110                                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




NOTE 19 FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT (continued)




                                                                                                                                                                            PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
The Corporation’s assets and liabilities recorded at fair value, including their levels in the fair value hierarchy using the
valuation methods and assumptions described in the summary of material accounting policies of the Corporation’s
December 31, 2024 Consolidated Financial Statements and above, are presented below. Fair values represent management’s
estimates and are generally calculated using market information at a specific point in time and may not reflect future fair
values. The calculations are subjective in nature, and involve uncertainties and matters of significant judgment.
                                                                                                                                                                   Total
March 31, 2025                                                                                          Level 1                   Level 2    Level 3          fair value

Assets
Bonds
   FVPL                                                                                                     39                  155,904        262           156,205
   FVOCI                                                                                                     -                   14,730          -            14,730
Mortgage and other loans
   FVPL                                                                                                        -                 28,657      5,495            34,152
   FVOCI                                                                                                       -                    443          -               443
Shares
   FVPL                                                                                               11,610                        267      7,626            19,503
   FVOCI                                                                                                 875                          -          -               875
Investment in jointly controlled corporations and associates ¹                                             -                          -      1,034             1,034
Investment properties                                                                                      -                          -      8,329             8,329
Derivative instruments                                                                                     5                      2,513          5             2,523
Trading account assets                                                                                   246                      3,643          -             3,889
Other assets                                                                                               -                        185        185               370
                                                                                                      12,775                    206,342     22,936           242,053

Liabilities
Investment contract liabilities                                                                               -                  92,033          -            92,033
Derivative instruments                                                                                        1                   2,303         14             2,318
Collateralized loan obligation liabilities                                                                    -                   4,104          -             4,104
Limited-life and redeemable fund units                                                                        -                       1      3,104             3,105
Other debt instruments                                                                                        -                      54          -                54
Other liabilities                                                                                             -                     185         21               206
                                                                                                              1                  98,680      3,139           101,820
1   Represents investments in jointly controlled corporations and associates held by entities that meet the definition of a venture capital organization, which have been
    elected to be measured at FVPL.




                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                             A  111
                                       POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




                                       NOTE 19 FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT (continued)




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Total
                                       December 31, 2024                                                                                    Level 1                     Level 2                    Level 3   fair value

                                       Assets
                                       Bonds
                                          FVPL                                                                                                     -                153,088                          178     153,266
                                          FVOCI                                                                                                    -                 13,758                            -      13,758
                                       Mortgage and other loans
                                          FVPL                                                                                                     -                  28,790                       5,142      33,932
                                          FVOCI                                                                                                    -                     461                           -         461
                                       Shares
                                          FVPL                                                                                            11,174                        260                        7,215      18,649
                                          FVOCI                                                                                              923                          -                            -         923
                                       Investment in jointly controlled corporations and associates ¹                                          -                          -                          950         950
                                       Investment properties                                                                                   -                          -                        8,350       8,350
                                       Derivative instruments                                                                                  1                      2,630                            6       2,637
                                       Trading account assets                                                                                252                      3,449                            -       3,701
                                       Other assets                                                                                            -                        219                          176         395
                                                                                                                                          12,350                    202,655                       22,017     237,022

                                       Liabilities
                                       Investment contract liabilities                                                                             -                  90,157                           -      90,157
                                       Derivative instruments                                                                                      -                   2,171                           9       2,180
                                       Collateralized loan obligation liabilities                                                                  -                   3,791                           -       3,791
                                       Limited-life and redeemable fund units                                                                      -                      22                       2,906       2,928
                                       Other debt instruments                                                                                      -                      54                           -          54
                                       Other liabilities                                                                                           -                     219                          21         240
                                                                                                                                                   -                  96,414                       2,936      99,350
                                       1 Represents investments in jointly controlled corporations and associates held by entities that meet the definition of a venture capital organization, which have been elected
                                         to be measured at FVPL.


                                       There were no significant transfers between Level 1 and Level 2 in these periods.




                                             A  112                                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




NOTE 19 FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT (continued)




                                                                                                                                                                                        PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
Additional information about assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis for which the Corporation and
its subsidiaries have utilized Level 3 inputs to determine fair value is presented below.

                                                                       Shares and
                                                                      investments
                                                                          in jointly
                                                         Mortgage       controlled
                                                         and other   corporations                                                Limited-life
                                            Bonds            loans and associates                                                       and      Assets         Other
Three months ended                                                                            Investment        Derivatives,    redeemable      held for        assets
March 31, 2025                               FVPL             FVPL              FVPL ²        properties                net       fund units        sale   (liabilities)        Total

Balance, beginning of year                    178            5,142              8,165             8,350                   (3)       (2,906)           -          155          19,081
  Total gains (losses)
     Net earnings                                 -              69                252                (18)                (3)           (87)          -              9          222
     Other comprehensive
       income ¹                                  -              98                  (1)             (195)                   -           (1)           -               -          (99)
  Purchases                                     8               85                 344               212                    -             -           -              1           650
  Issues                                         -             181                    -                 -                   -         (146)           -               -           35
  Sales                                        (2)                -               (106)              (20)                   -             -           -             (1)         (129)
  Settlements                                    -             (80)                   -                 -                 (3)           36            -               -          (47)
  Transfers into Level 3                       78                 -                  6                  -                   -             -           -               -           84
Balance, end of period                        262            5,495              8,660             8,329                   (9)       (3,104)           -          164          19,797
1 Amount of other comprehensive income for FVPL investments, investment properties, limited-life and redeemable fund units and other assets and liabilities represents
  the unrealized gains (losses) on foreign exchange.
2 Includes investments in mutual and segregated funds where there are redemption restrictions. The fair value is based on observable, quoted prices.



                                                                       Shares and
                                                                      investments
                                                                          in jointly
                                                         Mortgage       controlled
                                                         and other   corporations                                                Limited-life
                                            Bonds            loans and associates                                                       and      Assets         Other
Year ended                                                                                    Investment        Derivatives,    redeemable      held for        assets
December 31, 2024                            FVPL             FVPL              FVPL ²        properties                net       fund units       sale    (liabilities)        Total

Balance, beginning of year                    252            4,248              5,797             7,870                    8        (1,815)       907             (64)        17,203
  Total gains (losses)
     Net earnings                                7             196                799               (154)                (12)         (143)           -            86           779
     Other comprehensive
       income ¹                                 -              169                218                270                    -         (119)           -            9             547
  Business acquisition                          -                -                  -                  -                    -         (177)           -            -            (177)
  Purchases                                    29              327              1,969                707                  (2)             -           -          130           3,160
  Sale of discontinued
    operations                                   -                -                  -                  -                  -              -      (907)                -         (907)
  Issues                                         -             481                   -                  -                  -          (771)          -                -         (290)
  Sales                                       (27)             (41)              (563)              (334)                  -              -          -                -         (965)
  Settlements                                    -            (227)                  -                  -                  3           118           -                -         (106)
  Transferred to owner-
    occupied properties                          -                -                  -               (9)                    -             -           -             -             (9)
  Transfers into Level 3                         -                -                 1                  -                    -             -           -             -              1
  Transfers out of Level 3                    (83)                -                  -                 -                    -             -           -             -            (83)
  Other                                          -             (11)               (56)                 -                    -            1            -           (6)            (72)
Balance, end of year                          178            5,142              8,165             8,350                   (3)       (2,906)           -          155          19,081
1 Amount of other comprehensive income for FVPL investments, investment properties, limited-life and redeemable fund units and other assets and liabilities represents
  the unrealized gains (losses) on foreign exchange.
2 Includes investments in mutual and segregated funds where there are redemption restrictions. The fair value is based on observable, quoted prices.


Transfers into Level 3 are due primarily to decreased observability of inputs in valuation methodologies or the placement of
redemption restrictions on investments in mutual and segregated funds. Transfers out of Level 3 are due primarily to
increased observability of inputs in valuation methodologies as evidenced by corroboration of market prices with multiple
pricing vendors or the lifting of redemption restrictions on investments in mutual and segregated funds.




                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                              A  113
                                       POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




                                       NOTE 19 FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT (continued)




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       Significant unobservable inputs used at period-end in measuring assets categorized as Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy are
                                       presented below.
                                                                                                                                                                                   Interrelationship between key
                                                                                                         Significant                                                               unobservable inputs and fair value
                                       Type of asset             Valuation approach                      unobservable input                Input value                             measurement

                                       Investment properties     Investment property valuations   Discount rate                            Range of 4.2% – 12.6%                   A decrease in the discount
                                                                 are generally determined using                                                                                    rate would result in an
                                                                 property valuation models based                                                                                   increase in fair value.
                                                                 on expected capitalization rates
                                                                 and models that discount                                                                                          An increase in the discount
                                                                 expected future net cash flows.                                                                                   rate would result in a
                                                                 The determination of the fair                                                                                     decrease in fair value.
                                                                 value of investment property
                                                                 requires the use of estimates    Reversionary rate                        Range of 4.3% – 8.0%                    A decrease in the
                                                                 such as future cash flows (such                                                                                   reversionary rate would
                                                                 as future leasing assumptions,                                                                                    result in an increase in fair
                                                                 rental rates, capital and                                                                                         value.
                                                                 operating expenditures) and                                                                                       An increase in the
                                                                 discount, reversionary and                                                                                        reversionary rate would
                                                                 overall capitalization rates                                                                                      result in a decrease in fair
                                                                 applicable to the asset based                                                                                     value.
                                                                 on current market rates.
                                                                                                         Vacancy rate                      Weighted average                        A decrease in the expected
                                                                                                                                           of 5.8%                                 vacancy rate would
                                                                                                                                                                                   generally result in an
                                                                                                                                                                                   increase in fair value.
                                                                                                                                                                                   An increase in the expected
                                                                                                                                                                                   vacancy rate would
                                                                                                                                                                                   generally result in
                                                                                                                                                                                   a decrease in fair value.

                                       Mortgage and              The valuation approach for         Discount rate                          Range of 4.9% – 6.6%                    A decrease in the discount
                                       other loans –             equity-release mortgages is to                                                                                    rate would result in an
                                       Equity-release            use an internal valuation model to                                                                                increase in fair value.
                                       mortgages                 determine the projected asset
                                       (FVPL)                    cash flows, including the cost of                                                                                 An increase in the discount
                                                                 the no-negative-equity guarantee                                                                                  rate would result in a
                                                                 for each individual loan, to                                                                                      decrease in fair value.
                                                                 aggregate these across all loans
                                                                 and to discount those cash flows
                                                                 back to the valuation date. The
                                                                 projection is done monthly until
                                                                 expected redemption of the loan
                                                                 either voluntarily or on the
                                                                 death/entering into long-term
                                                                 care of the loanholders.

                                       Shares and                The determination of the fair       Discount rate                         Various                                 A decrease in the discount
                                       investments in jointly    value of shares requires the use of                                                                               rate would result in an
                                       controlled corporations   estimates such as future cash                                                                                     increase in fair value.
                                       and associates (FVPL)     flows, discount rates, projected
                                                                 earnings multiples, or recent                                                                                     An increase in the discount
                                                                 transactions.                                                                                                     rate would result in a
                                                                                                                                                                                   decrease in fair value.

                                       Limited-life and          The determination of the fair       Discount rate                         Various                                 A decrease in the discount
                                       redeemable fund units     value of the limited-life and                                                                                     rate would result in an
                                                                 redeemable fund units is based                                                                                    increase in fair value.
                                                                 on the fair value of the underlying
                                                                 fund’s investments.                                                                                               An increase in the discount
                                                                                                                                                                                   rate would result in a
                                                                                                                                                                                   decrease in fair value.




                                            A  114                                       P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




NOTE 20 SEGMENTED INFORMATION




                                                                                                                                  PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
The Corporation is an international management and holding company. Its core holdings are leading insurance, retirement,
wealth management and investment businesses, including a portfolio of alternative asset investment platforms.
As a holding company, the Corporation evaluates the performance of each operating segment based on its contribution to
the earnings attributable to participating shareholders. The contribution to the earnings attributable to participating
shareholders from Lifeco, IGM Financial, GBL, Sagard, Power Sustainable and other, represents the Corporation’s share of
their net earnings.
The Corporation’s reportable segments include Lifeco and IGM Financial due to their quantitative contribution, and the
Corporation also considers GBL as a reportable segment. Together, they represent the Corporation’s investments in publicly
traded operating companies. As well, the Corporation considers the Holding company to be a reportable segment.
  Lifeco is a financial services holding company with interests in life insurance, health insurance, retirement and investment
    services, asset management, and reinsurance businesses, primarily in Canada, the U.S. and Europe.
  IGM Financial is a leading wealth and asset management company supporting advisors and the clients they serve in
    Canada, and institutional investors globally.
  GBL is indirectly held through Parjointco. GBL is a Belgian investment holding company and leading investor in Europe.
    Its portfolio is comprised of a portfolio of listed, direct private and indirect private investments composed of global
    companies, which are leaders in their sectors.
  Holding company comprises the corporate activities of the Corporation and Power Financial, on a combined basis, and
    presents the investment activities of the Corporation including its investments in consolidated entities. The Holding
    company activities present the Holding company’s assets and liabilities, including cash, investments, debentures and
    non-participating shares. The Holding company cash flows are primarily comprised of dividends received, income from
    investments and income (loss) from cash and cash equivalents, less operating expenses, financing charges, income taxes
    and non-participating and participating share dividends.
The Corporation’s asset management activities through the investment platforms, Sagard and Power Sustainable, together
with their investing activities, are presented on a combined basis in another category, Alternative asset investment platforms
and other, as they do not qualify as reportable segments.
Alternative asset investment platforms and other are comprised of the results of:
     Alternative asset management businesses, Sagard and Power Sustainable;
     Investments managed by Sagard and Power Sustainable on behalf of the Corporation;
     Entities held through the alternative asset managers which are consolidated; and
     Standalone businesses which are managed to realize value over time.
Effect of consolidation represents the reconciliation between the measurement basis used for the presentation of the Holding
company with the consolidated financial statements, as well as the intersegment elimination for investments under common
control and other consolidation entries.
The segmented assets present the activities of the holding company, including its investments in consolidated entities, Lifeco
and IGM, as well as other controlled entities, using the equity method of accounting as a measurement basis. These entities
are consolidated in the Corporation’s consolidated balance sheets. Common equity interests in Lifeco, IGM, and alternative
asset investment platforms and other (intersegment investments) are included in their respective segment’s assets.




                         P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5   A  115
                                       POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




                                       NOTE 20        SEGMENTED INFORMATION (continued)




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       CONSOLIDATED NET EARNINGS
                                                                                                                                                                                  Alternative
                                                                                                                                                                                        asset
                                                                                                                                                                                  investment
                                                                                                                                                                  Holding      platforms and           Effect of
                                       Three months ended March 31, 2025                                             Lifeco           IGM            GBL         company                other     consolidation      Total

                                       Segment revenue
                                       Insurance revenue 1                                                          5,486               -              -                 -                  -                -      5,486
                                       Net investment income 2                                                      2,327                8             -                13                110               11      2,469
                                       Changes in fair value through profit or loss 2                               1,259               -              -                  9               162              (24)     1,406
                                       Fee income 3 4                                                               1,911             897              -                 -                191              (52)     2,947
                                       Other 3                                                                          -               -              -                 -                222                -        222
                                       Total segment revenue                                                       10,983             905              -                22                685              (65)    12,530

                                       Other insurance and investment results
                                       Insurance service expenses 1                                                (4,276)              -              -                 -                  -                -     (4,276)
                                       Net expense from reinsurance contracts 1                                      (430)              -              -                 -                  -                -       (430)
                                       Net investment result from insurance activities 2 5                         (3,173)              -              -                 -                  -                -     (3,173)
                                       Net investment result from insurance contracts on
                                         account of segregated fund policyholders                                                       -              -                 -                  -                -         -
                                       Total other insurance and investment results                                (7,879)              -              -                 -                  -                -     (7,879)

                                       Other expenses
                                       Operating and administrative expenses 4                                      1,931             624              -                53                675              (53)     3,230
                                       Financing charges                                                              103              32              -                13                 67                3        218
                                       Total other expenses                                                         2,034             656              -                66                742              (50)     3,448
                                       Earnings before investments in jointly controlled
                                         corporations and associates, and income taxes                              1,070             249              -               (44)               (57)             (15)     1,203
                                       Share of earnings (losses) of investments in jointly
                                         controlled corporations and associates                                           8            56             25                 -                 54              (28)      115
                                       Earnings before income taxes                                                 1,078             305             25               (44)                (3)             (43)     1,318
                                       Income taxes                                                                   157              70              -                 -                (33)               2        196
                                       Net earnings                                                                   921             235             25               (44)                30              (45)     1,122

                                       Attributable to
                                          Non-controlling interests                                                   341              88              -                35                   1             (45)      420
                                          Non-participating shareholders                                                -               -              -                13                  -                -        13
                                          Participating shareholders 6 7                                              580             147             25               (92)                29                -       689
                                                                                                                      921             235             25               (44)                30              (45)     1,122
                                       1 Included within insurance service result in the statements of earnings.
                                       2 Included within net investment result in the statements of earnings.
                                       3 Included within fee income and other revenues in the statements of earnings.
                                       4 Dealer compensation expenses at IGM are included in operating and administrative expenses.
                                       5 Includes net finance income (expenses) from insurance contracts, net finance income (expenses) from reinsurance contracts and changes in investment contract liabilities.
                                       6 The contribution from Lifeco, IGM, GBL and alternative asset investment platforms and other to net earnings attributable to participating shareholders of the Corporation
                                         includes the effect of consolidation.
                                       7 The contribution from Lifeco and IGM includes an allocation for the results of investments under common control based on their respective interests.




                                             A  116                                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




NOTE 20        SEGMENTED INFORMATION (continued)




                                                                                                                                                                                            PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
CONSOLIDATED NET EARNINGS
                                                                                                                                               Alternative
                                                                                                                                                     asset
                                                                                                                                               investment
                                                                                                                                  Holding   platforms and         Effect of
Three months ended March 31, 2024                                                 Lifeco           IGM            GBL            company             other   consolidation         Total

Segment revenue
Insurance revenue 1                                                              5,250               -              -                 -               -                 -         5,250
Net investment income 2                                                          2,321              12              -                16             151                16         2,516
Changes in fair value through profit or loss 2                                  (1,385)               4             -                  7             43                (2)       (1,333)
Fee income 3 4                                                                   1,672             824              -                 -             118               (43)        2,571
Other 3                                                                              -               -              -                 -             158                 -           158
Total segment revenue                                                            7,858             840              -                23             470               (29)        9,162

Other insurance and investment results
Insurance service expenses 1                                                    (4,067)              -              -                 -                -                -        (4,067)
Net expense from reinsurance contracts 1                                          (386)              -              -                 -                -                -          (386)
Net investment result from insurance activities 2 5                               (195)              -              -                 -                -                -          (195)
Net investment result from insurance contracts on
  account of segregated fund policyholders                                            -              -              -                 -                -                -              -
Total other insurance and investment results                                    (4,648)              -              -                 -                -                -        (4,648)

Other expenses
Operating and administrative expenses 4                                          1,871             568              -                43             455               (37)        2,900
Financing charges                                                                  100              32              -                14              53                 2           201
Total other expenses                                                             1,971             600              -                57             508               (35)        3,101
Earnings before investments in jointly controlled
  corporations and associates, and income taxes                                  1,239             240              -                (34)            (38)               6         1,413
Share of earnings (losses) of investments in jointly
  controlled corporations and associates                                             19             52             54                 -              (18)             (43)             64
Earnings before income taxes                                                     1,258             292             54                (34)            (56)             (37)        1,477
Income taxes                                                                       169              67              -                  -              (8)                6          234
Net earnings from continuing operations                                          1,089             225             54                (34)            (48)             (43)        1,243
Net loss from discontinued operations                                             (115)              -              -                  -               -                -          (115)
Net gain from disposal of discontinued operations                                   44               -              -                  -               -                -            44
Net earnings                                                                     1,018             225             54                (34)            (48)             (43)        1,172

Attributable to
   Non-controlling interests                                                       377              92              -                 35             (11)             (43)          450
   Non-participating shareholders                                                    -               -              -                 13               -                -            13
   Participating shareholders 6 7                                                  641             133             54                (82)            (37)               -           709
                                                                                 1,018             225             54                (34)            (48)             (43)        1,172
1 Included within insurance service result in the statements of earnings.
2 Included within net investment result in the statements of earnings.
3 Included within fee income and other revenues in the statements of earnings.
4 Dealer compensation expenses at IGM are included in operating and administrative expenses.
5 Includes net finance income (expenses) from insurance contracts, net finance income (expenses) from reinsurance contracts and changes in investment contract liabilities.
6 The contribution from Lifeco, IGM, GBL and alternative asset investment platforms and other to net earnings attributable to participating shareholders of the Corporation
  includes the effect of consolidation.
7 The contribution from Lifeco and IGM includes an allocation for the results of investments under common control based on their respective interests.




                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                                A  117
                                       POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




                                       NOTE 20       SEGMENTED INFORMATION (continued)




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       TOTAL ASSETS AND LIABILITIES
                                                                                                                                                                               Alternative
                                                                                                                                                                                     asset
                                                                                                                                                                               investment
                                                                                                                                                                Holding     platforms and            Effect of
                                       March 31, 2025                                                         Lifeco             IGM               GBL         company               other      consolidation       Total

                                       Cash and cash equivalents                                           9,943                772                 -            1,375                753              (264)      12,579
                                       Investments                                                       236,195              5,593                 -              111              2,739               224      244,862
                                       Investments in Lifeco, IGM and alternative asset
                                         investment platforms and other                                     1,167             1,994                 -          23,431                     -         (26,592)          -
                                       Investments in jointly controlled corporations
                                         and associates                                                      502              3,330            3,705                  -             1,392              (495)       8,434
                                       Other assets                                                       46,271              4,623                -                413            22,498              (165)      73,640
                                       Goodwill and intangible assets                                     16,607              3,929                -                   1            1,160                 1       21,698
                                       Investments on account of
                                         segregated fund policyholders                                   493,623                    -               -                 -                   -                -     493,623
                                       Total assets 1                                                    804,308            20,241             3,705           25,331              28,542           (27,291)     854,836

                                       Insurance and investment contract liabilities                     250,004                  -                 -                 -                   -                -     250,004
                                       Obligations to securitization entities                                  -              5,029                 -                 -                   -                -       5,029
                                       Power Corporation’s debentures and
                                         other debt instruments                                                   -                 -               -               647                   -                -        647
                                       Non-recourse debentures and
                                         other debt instruments                                            9,540              2,400                 -              250              3,858               (88)      15,960
                                       Other liabilities                                                  17,886              4,840                 -            1,160             22,037              (795)      45,128
                                       Insurance and investment contracts on account
                                         of segregated fund policyholders                                493,623                    -               -                 -                   -                -     493,623
                                       Total liabilities                                                 771,053            12,269                  -            2,057             25,895              (883)     810,391
                                       1 Total assets of the Lifeco and IGM operating segments include the allocation of goodwill and certain consolidation adjustments.


                                                                                                                                                                               Alternative
                                                                                                                                                                                     asset
                                                                                                                                                                               investment
                                                                                                                                                                Holding     platforms and            Effect of
                                       December 31, 2024                                                      Lifeco             IGM               GBL         company               other      consolidation       Total

                                       Cash and cash equivalents                                          10,709                910                 -            1,606                858              (339)      13,744
                                       Investments                                                       231,478              5,600                 -              101              2,497               311      239,987
                                       Investments in Lifeco, IGM and alternative asset
                                         investment platforms and other                                     1,112             1,965                 -          22,940                     -         (26,017)          -
                                       Investments in jointly controlled corporations
                                         and associates                                                      486              3,346            3,683                  -             1,780              (494)       8,801
                                       Other assets                                                       45,606              4,948                -                349            20,047              (160)      70,790
                                       Goodwill and intangible assets                                     16,550              3,930                -                   1            1,170                 -       21,651
                                       Investments on account of
                                         segregated fund policyholders                                   496,386                 -                 -                -                   -                 -      496,386
                                       Total assets 1                                                    802,327            20,699             3,683           24,997              26,352           (26,699)     851,359

                                       Insurance and investment contract liabilities                     245,840                  -                 -                 -                   -                -     245,840
                                       Obligations to securitization entities                                  -              5,025                 -                 -                   -                -       5,025
                                       Power Corporation’s debentures and
                                         other debt instruments                                                   -                 -               -               647                   -                -        647
                                       Non-recourse debentures and
                                         other debt instruments                                            9,469              2,400                 -              250              3,878               (88)      15,909
                                       Other liabilities                                                  17,814              5,387                 -            1,073             20,050              (758)      43,566
                                       Insurance and investment contracts on account
                                         of segregated fund policyholders                                496,386                 -                  -                -                  -                 -      496,386
                                       Total liabilities                                                 769,509            12,812                  -            1,970             23,928              (846)     807,373
                                       1 Total assets of the Lifeco and IGM operating segments include the allocation of goodwill and certain consolidation adjustments.




                                            A  118                                                P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




NOTE 20      SEGMENTED INFORMATION (continued)




                                                                                                                                                                                     PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
                                                                                                                                        Alternative
                                                                                                                                              asset
                                                                                                                                        investment
                                                                                                                       Holding       platforms and         Effect of
Three months ended March 31, 2025                                                   Lifeco              IGM           company                 other   consolidation         Total

Operating activities                                                                 (167)              70                    420            (156)           (444)          (277)
Financing activities                                                                 (686)            (191)                  (527)           (206)            327         (1,283)
Investing activities                                                                   (2)             (17)                  (124)            257             192            306
Effect of changes in exchange rates on
  cash and cash equivalents                                                            89                 -                    -                -                -              89
Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                                   (766)              (138)              (231)               (105)             75         (1,165)
Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year                                     10,709                910              1,606                 858            (339)        13,744
Cash and cash equivalents, end of period                                          9,943                772              1,375                 753            (264)        12,579


                                                                                                                                        Alternative
                                                                                                                                              asset
                                                                                                                                        investment
                                                                                                                       Holding       platforms and         Effect of
Three months ended March 31, 2024                                                   Lifeco             IGM            company                 other   consolidation         Total

Operating activities                                                                 253               132                    416            (68)            (368)           365
Financing activities                                                                (536)             (191)                  (480)           (91)             687           (611)
Investing activities                                                                (214)               14                    423            142             (378)           (13)
Effect of changes in exchange rates on
  cash and cash equivalents                                                           88                 -                  -                  6                -             94
Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                                    (409)              (45)               359                (11)             (59)          (165)
Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year                                       8,117               545              1,218                639             (207)        10,312
Cash and cash equivalents, end of period                                           7,708               500              1,577                628             (266)        10,147




                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                             A  119
Page intentionally left blank.




     A  120                      P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
                        Great-West Lifeco Inc.
                                                   PART B




Management’s Discussion and Analysis
PAGE B 2



Financial Statements and Notes
PAGE B 4 4




                                                                                                     PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
Please note that the bottom of each page in Part B contains two different page
numbers. A page number with the preﬁx “B” refers to the number of such page
in this document and the page number without any preﬁx refers to the number
of such page in the original document issued by Great-West Lifeco Inc.



The attached documents concerning Great-West Lifeco Inc. are documents
prepared and publicly disclosed by such subsidiary, and are available under
such subsidiary’s profile on SEDAR+, at www.sedarplus.ca. Certain statements
in the attached documents, other than statements of historical fact, are forward-
looking statements based on certain assumptions and reﬂect the current
expectations of the subsidiary as set forth therein. Forward-looking statements
are provided for the purposes of assisting the reader in understanding the
subsidiary’s ﬁnancial performance, ﬁnancial position and cash ﬂows as at and
for the periods ended on certain dates and to present information about the
subsidiary’s management’s current expectations and plans relating to the
future and the reader is cautioned that such statements may not be appropriate
for other purposes.

By its nature, forward-looking information is subject to inherent risks and
uncertainties that may be general or speciﬁc and which give rise to the possibility
that expectations, forecasts, predictions, projections or conclusions will not
prove to be accurate, that assumptions may not be correct and that objectives,
strategic goals and priorities will not be achieved.

For further information provided by the subsidiary as to the material factors that
could cause actual results to differ materially from the content of forward-looking
statements, the material factors and assumptions that were applied in making
the forward-looking statements, and the subsidiary’s policy for updating the
content of forward-looking statements, please see the attached documents,
including the section entitled Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking
Information. The reader is cautioned to consider these factors and assumptions
carefully and not to put undue reliance on forward-looking statements.




P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5   B  1
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis



                                                                        MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                                                          FOR THE PERIOD ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
                                                                                   DATED: MAY 7, 2025
                                  This Management’s Discussion and Analysis (MD&A) presents management’s view of the financial condition, financial
                                  performance and cash flows of Great-West Lifeco Inc. (Lifeco or the Company) for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and
                                  includes a comparison to the corresponding period in 2024, to the three months ended December 31, 2024, and to the
                                  Company’s financial condition as at December 31, 2024, as applicable. This MD&A provides an overall discussion, followed by
                                  analysis of the performance of Lifeco's four major reportable segments: United States (U.S.), Canada, Europe, and Capital and
                                  Risk Solutions.

                                  TABLE OF CONTENTS
                                      Basis of Presentation and Summary of Accounting Policies                                    Liquidity and Capital Management
                                  2   Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Information                             25        Liquidity
                                  2   Cautionary Note Regarding Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios                  26        Cash Flows
                                                                                                                        26        Commitments/Contractual Obligations
                                      Consolidated Operating Results                                                    27        Capital Management and Adequacy
                                  4   Financial Highlights                                                              28        Return on Equity
                                  5   2025 Developments                                                                 28        Ratings
                                  7   Base and Net Earnings
                                  8   Taxes                                                                                       Risk Management and Control Practices
                                  10 Lifeco Lines of Business                                                           29        Risk Management and Control Practices
                                                                                                                        29        Exposures and Sensitivities




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                      Segmented Operating Results
                                  13 United States                                                                                Accounting Policies
                                  15 Canada                                                                             31        International Financial Reporting Standards
                                  18 Europe
                                  20 Capital and Risk Solutions                                                                   Other Information
                                  21 Corporate                                                                          32        Summary of Earnings Reclassifications
                                                                                                                        33        Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios
                                      Consolidated Financial Position                                                   38        Glossary
                                  22 Assets                                                                             41        Disclosure Controls and Procedures
                                  23 Liabilities                                                                        41        Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
                                  25 Lifeco Capital Structure                                                           41        Transactions with Related Parties
                                                                                                                        41        Quarterly Financial Information
                                                                                                                        42        Translation of Foreign Currency
                                                                                                                        42        Additional Information

                                  Basis of Presentation and Summary of Material Accounting Policies
                                  The condensed consolidated financial statements of Lifeco, which are the basis for data presented in this report, have been
                                  prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as issued by the International Accounting
                                  Standards Board (IASB) unless otherwise noted and are presented in millions of Canadian dollars unless otherwise indicated.
                                  This MD&A should be read in conjunction with the Company's condensed consolidated interim unaudited financial
                                  statements for the period ended March 31, 2025. Refer also to the "Accounting Policies" section of this MD&A and the Annual
                                  MD&A and audited consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2024.
                                  The Company has enhanced its disclosures and updated segment and line of business classifications for 2025 which has
                                  resulted in the restatement of certain comparative amounts in this MD&A. Refer to the "Summary of Key Changes to Lifeco's
                                  Disclosures for 2025" section of this MD&A for additional information.




                                                                                                               Great-West Lifeco Inc. First Quarter 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis   1


                                       B  2                                         P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Management's Discussion and Analysis



Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Information
From time to time, Lifeco makes written and/or oral forward-looking statements within the meaning of applicable securities laws, including in this
MD&A. Forward-looking information includes statements that are predictive in nature, depend upon or refer to future events or conditions, or
include words such as "achieve", "ambition", "anticipate", "believe", "could", "estimate", "expect", "initiatives", "intend", "may", "objective",
"opportunity", "plan", "potential", "project", "target", "will" and other similar expressions or negative versions of those words. Forward-looking
information in this MD&A includes, without limitation, statements about the Company and its operations, business (including business mix),
financial condition, expected financial performance (including revenues, earnings or growth rates, and medium-term financial objectives), strategies
and prospects, expected costs and benefits of acquisitions and divestitures (including timing of integration activities and timing and extent of revenue
and expense synergies), the timing and extent of expected transformation charges and related expected run-rate base earnings savings, expected
expenditures or investments (including but not limited to investment in technology infrastructure and digital capabilities and solutions and
investments in strategic partnerships), value creation and realization and growth opportunities, product and service innovation, expected dividend
levels, expected cost reductions and savings, expected capital management activities and use of capital, the timing and extent of possible share
repurchases, market position, estimates of risk sensitivities affecting capital adequacy ratios, estimates of financial risk sensitivities (including as a
result of current market conditions), anticipated global economic conditions, potential impacts of catastrophe events, potential impacts of
geopolitical events and conflicts and the impact of regulatory developments on the Company’s business strategy, growth objectives and capital.
Lifeco's medium-term financial objectives are forward-looking non-GAAP financial measures. Lifeco's ability to achieve those objectives depends on
whether the Company is able to achieve segment earnings growth ambitions and other business growth objectives and on certain key assumptions,
including: (i) the performance of equity, interest rate and credit markets during the relevant period is consistent with management’s expectations,
which take into account current market information and assume no credit impairments; (ii) the achievement of the Company's segment base
earnings growth ambitions; (iii) the achievement of enterprise and segment efficiency ambitions; (iv) capital levels and available and attractive
options for capital deployment; (v) no significant changes in the level of our regulatory capital requirements; (vi) no significant changes to the
Company's effective income tax rate; (vii) no significant changes to the Company's number of shares outstanding; (viii) no material assumption
changes and no material accounting standard changes. Our medium-term financial objectives do not reflect indirect effects of equity, interest rate
and credit market movements, including the potential impacts of those movements on goodwill or the current valuation allowance on deferred tax
assets as well as other items that may be non-operational in nature. Further, Lifeco's target base dividend payout ratio assumes that the Company's
financial results and market conditions will enable us to maintain our payout ratio in the target range. Dividends on outstanding common shares of
the Company are declared and paid at the sole discretion of the Company's board of directors. The decision to declare a dividend on the common
shares of the Company takes into account a variety of factors including the level of earnings, adequacy of capital and availability of cash resources.




                                                                                                                                                                                 PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
Forward-looking statements are based on expectations, forecasts, estimates, predictions, projections and conclusions about future events that were
current at the time of the statements and are inherently subject to, among other things, risks, uncertainties and assumptions about the Company,
economic factors and the financial services industry generally, including the insurance, wealth and retirement solutions industries. They are not
guarantees of future performance, and actual events and results could differ materially from those expressed or implied by forward-looking
statements. Many of these assumptions are based on factors and events that are not within the control of the Company and there is no assurance that
they will prove to be correct. In arriving at our assessment of the Company’s potential exposure to Global Minimum Tax and our expectation
regarding the impact on our effective income tax rate and base earnings, management has relied on its interpretation of the relevant legislation. It has
also assumed a starting point of its current mix of business and base earnings growth consistent with management’s base earnings growth ambitions.
With respect to possible share repurchases, the amount and timing of actual repurchases will depend on the earnings, cash requirements and
financial condition of the Company, market conditions, our ability to effect the repurchases on a prudent basis, capital requirements, applicable law
and regulations (including applicable securities laws), and other factors deemed relevant by the Company, and may be subject to regulatory approval
or conditions. In all cases, whether or not actual results differ from forward-looking information may depend on numerous factors, developments
and assumptions, including, without limitation, the ability to integrate and leverage acquisitions and achieve anticipated benefits and synergies, the
achievement of expense synergies and client retention targets from the acquisition of the Prudential retirement business, the Company’s ability to
execute strategic plans and adapt or recalibrate these plans as needed, the Company’s reputation, business competition, assumptions around sales,
pricing, fee rates, customer behaviour (including contributions, redemptions, withdrawals and lapse rates), mortality and morbidity experience,
expense levels, reinsurance arrangements, global equity and capital markets (including continued access to equity and debt markets and credit
instruments on economically feasible terms), geopolitical tensions and related economic impacts, interest and foreign exchange rates, inflation
levels, liquidity requirements, investment values and asset breakdowns, hedging activities, financial condition of industry sectors and individual
issuers that comprise part of the Company’s investment portfolio, credit ratings, taxes, impairments of goodwill and other intangible assets,
technological changes, breaches or failure of information systems and security (including cyber attacks), assumptions around third-party suppliers,
changes in local and international laws and regulations, changes in accounting policies and the effect of applying future accounting policy changes,
changes in actuarial standards, unexpected judicial or regulatory proceedings, catastrophic events, continuity and availability of personnel and third-
party service providers, unplanned changes to the Company’s facilities, customer and employee relations, levels of administrative and operational
efficiencies, and other general economic, political and market factors in North America and internationally.
The above list is not exhaustive, and there may be other factors listed in other filings with securities regulators, including those set out in the "Risk
Management" and "Summary of Critical Accounting Estimates" sections of the Company's Annual MD&A for the year ended December 31, 2024 and
in the Company's annual information form dated February 5, 2025 under "Risk Factors". These, along with other filings, are available for review at
www.sedarplus.com. The reader is cautioned to consider these and other factors, uncertainties and potential events carefully and not to place undue
reliance on forward-looking information.
Other than as specifically required by applicable law, the Company does not intend to update any forward-looking information whether as a result of
new information, future events or otherwise.




                                                                                           Great-West Lifeco Inc. First Quarter 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis    2


                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                               B  3
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis



                                  Cautionary Note Regarding Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios
                                  This MD&A contains some non-Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP) financial measures and non-GAAP ratios as defined in National
                                  Instrument 52-112 “Non-GAAP and Other Financial Measures Disclosure”. Terms by which non-GAAP financial measures are identified include, but
                                  are not limited to, "base earnings (loss)", "base earnings (loss) (US$)", base earnings (loss) - pre-tax "base earnings: insurance service result", "base
                                  earnings: net investment result", "assets under management or advisement", "assets under administration only", "client assets", "non-par base
                                  operating and administration expenses", and "run-rate insurance earnings". Terms by which non-GAAP ratios are identified include, but are not
                                  limited to, “base earnings per common share (EPS)”, “base return on equity (ROE)”, "base dividend payout ratio", "base capital generation",
                                  "efficiency ratio", “effective income tax rate – base earnings – common shareholders” and "pre-tax base operating margin". Non-GAAP financial
                                  measures and ratios are used to provide management and investors with additional measures of performance to help assess results where no
                                  comparable GAAP (IFRS) measure exists. However, non-GAAP financial measures and ratios do not have standard meanings prescribed by GAAP
                                  (IFRS) and are not directly comparable to similar measures used by other companies. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios"
                                  section in this MD&A for the appropriate reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to measures prescribed by GAAP as well as additional
                                  details on each measure and ratio.




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.




                                                                                                                    Great-West Lifeco Inc. First Quarter 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis   3


                                       B  4                                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Management's Discussion and Analysis



Consolidated Operating Results

    Selected consolidated financial information
                                                                                                                                         As at or for the three months ended
                                                                                                                                        Mar. 31          Dec. 31              Mar. 31
    (in Canadian $ millions, except per share amounts)                                                                                   2025             2024                 2024
    Base earnings1                                                                                                                  $      1,030     $       1,115       $             978
    Net earnings from continuing operations2                                                                                                860              1,116                    1,031
    Net earnings - common shareholders                                                                                                      860              1,116                     960
      Per common share
        Basic:
          Base earnings3                                                                                                                    1.11               1.20                    1.05
          Net earnings from continuing operations                                                                                           0.92               1.20                    1.10
          Net earnings                                                                                                                      0.92               1.20                    1.03
        Dividends paid                                                                                                                     0.610             0.555                    0.555
    Base dividend payout ratio3                                                                                                             55.0 %             46.3 %                  52.9 %
    Dividend payout ratio2                                                                                                                  66.3 %             46.3 %                  54.4 %
    Efficiency ratio3                                                                                                                       56.7 %             56.7 %                  57.9 %
    Book value per common share2                                                                                                    $      27.61     $       27.17       $            24.74
    Base return on equity3                                                                                                                  17.2 %             17.5 %                  17.0 %
    Return on equity - continuing operations2                                                                                               15.6 %             16.7 %                  14.6 %
    Financial leverage ratio4                                                                                                                 28 %               29 %                   30 %




                                                                                                                                                                                                   PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
    Total assets per financial statements                                                                                           $     804,144    $      802,163      $       736,722
    Total assets under management or advisement1                                                                                        1,013,530         1,006,384              917,836
    Total assets under administration only2                                                                                             1,993,588         2,026,945            1,738,875
    Total client assets1                                                                                                                3,007,118         3,033,329            2,656,711
    Total assets under administration1                                                                                                  3,238,101         3,266,298            2,855,164

    Total contractual service margin (net of reinsurance contracts held)                                                            $      13,666    $       13,368      $            13,047

    Total equity                                                                                                                    $      33,091    $       32,654      $            30,239

    Canada Life Assurance Company consolidated LICAT Ratio5                                                                                 130 %             130%                    129%

1
      This metric is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details.
2
      Refer to the "Glossary" section of this document for additional details on the composition of this measure.
3
      This metric is a non-GAAP ratio. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details.
4
      The calculation for financial leverage ratio includes the after-tax non-participating contractual service margin (CSM) balance in the denominator, excluding CSM associated with
      segregated fund guarantees. This reflects that the CSM represents future profit and is considered available capital under LICAT. These ratios are estimates based on available data.
5
      The Life Insurance Capital Adequacy Test (LICAT) Ratio is based on the consolidated results of The Canada Life Assurance Company, Lifeco's major Canadian operating subsidiary.
      The LICAT Ratio is calculated in accordance with the Office of Superintendent of Financial Institutions' guideline - Life Insurance Capital Adequacy Test. Refer to the "Capital
      Management and Adequacy" section of this document for additional details.




                                                                                                     Great-West Lifeco Inc. First Quarter 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis            4


                                      P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                               B  5
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis



                                  2025 Developments
                                  Lifeco has updated its financial performance ambitions by updating its medium-term financial objectives effective January 1,
                                  2025 as follows:
                                      •      Increased its base return on equity (ROE) objective to 19%+ from 16-17%,
                                      •      Introduced a new base capital generation objective of 80%+, and
                                      •      Reaffirmed its base earnings per share (EPS) growth objective of 8-10% and base earnings dividend payout ratio
                                             objective of 45-55%.
                                      The Company's base capital generation measure, calculated over the trailing 12 months ending March 31, 2025, exceeded
                                      80%. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details on base
                                      capital generation, which is a non-GAAP ratio.
                                  •   Lifeco plans to incur an estimated $250 million to $300 million of post-tax business transformation costs by March 31, 2028
                                      through investment in modernized technology platforms and retiring legacy systems as well as enhanced productivity
                                      through increased automation and leveraging a global workplace.
                                  •   The Company's efficiency ratio for the first quarter of 2025 was 56.7% compared to 57.9% in the same quarter last year. The
                                      improvement in Lifeco's efficiency ratio was driven primarily by increased scale at Empower.
                                  •   During 2025, Lifeco intends to purchase $500 million of its common shares under its current NCIB, in addition to the
                                      purchases made to offset dilution under its share compensation plans. This is subject to market conditions, the Company's
                                      ability to effect the purchases on a prudent basis, and other strategic opportunities emerging.
                                  •   The Company’s financial leverage ratio at March 31, 2025 was 28% compared to 29% at the end of 2024. This reduction is
                                      primarily due to growth in equity and non-participating CSM, excluding segregated funds as well as the impact of currency
                                      movement.




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  •   On February 23, 2025, the transfer of Canada Life U.K’s onshore individual protection customer policies to Countrywide
                                      Assured plc, a subsidiary of Chesnara plc, was concluded. The completion of this transfer enables Canada Life U.K. to
                                      focus on core product lines. Through a separate transaction dated December 23, 2024, Canada Life U.K.’s onshore bond
                                      business is to be transferred to Countrywide Assured plc pending court approval, which is expected to occur towards the
                                      end of 2025.
                                  Macroenvironmental Risks
                                  Many factors contribute to the economic uncertainty in the geographies in which the Company operates and to the elevated
                                  volatility of global financial markets. Elevated global financial market volatility is due, in part, to certain geopolitical conflicts
                                  and trade policy developments, which the Company actively monitors. Central banks are weighing these factors in
                                  consideration of interest rate decisions in many of the countries in which the Company operates. The outlook for financial and
                                  real estate markets over the short and medium-term remains uncertain and the Company actively monitors events and
                                  information globally.
                                  The Company's strategies are resilient and flexible, positioning it to navigate current market conditions and continue to
                                  identify and pursue opportunities, including organic growth and acquisition activities, while supporting customers and
                                  employees in an evolving environment.




                                                                                                             Great-West Lifeco Inc. First Quarter 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis   5


                                          B  6                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Management's Discussion and Analysis



Summary of Key Changes to Lifeco's Disclosures for 2025
The Company has updated its disclosures for 2025 to provide enhanced information to analysts, investors and other
stakeholders. Accordingly, the Company has restated results for 2024 to conform with the updated segment and line of
business classifications as noted below. There is no change to total Lifeco base or net earnings on a consolidated basis as a
result of these reclassifications. See the "Summary of Earnings Reclassifications" section of this document for additional detail.
•   Separating Workplace Solutions - Separated the current Workplace Solutions line of business results into Retirement and
    Group Benefits to provide greater clarity on the distinct drivers of earnings growth for each business. Within the Group
    Benefits line of business, key metrics are presented separately for group insurance and administrative services only (ASO)
    products.
•   Reclassifying certain expenses, financing charges and related taxes - Reclassified certain expenses, financing charges,
    and related taxes and other items that are not directly associated with the Company's operating segments to the Corporate
    segment. This change will better reflect the performance of each operating segment on a standalone basis.
•   Reclassification of certain businesses or results previously attributed to the United States segment - Reclassified
    results of PanAgora Asset Management (PanAgora), Franklin Templeton shareholdings, legacy insurance portfolios and
    guaranteed lifetime withdrawal benefit (GLWB) product previously attributed to the United States segment to the
    Corporate segment. This change will better highlight the results of Empower and exclude results that are not part of
    Empower's primary business going forward.
•   More granular assets under administration (AUA) disclosures - Enhanced disclosure of the components of total AUA
    including assets under management and advisement (AUMA) and assets under administration only (AUAO), the total of
    which is total client assets. Total client assets, when combined with other balance sheet assets, equals total AUA. This
    change provides greater visibility into the scale of wealth management and higher value-added solutions within the
    portfolio.




                                                                                                                                                                             PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
•   Introduced efficiency ratio - This metric has been introduced to provide greater transparency with respect to Lifeco's
    expense management discipline.
•   Restated segment return on equity (ROE) - Adjusted previous segment returns on equity to reflect the changes in
    classification for segment base earnings allocations as well as an updated capital allocation methodology to track allocated
    capital required by each segment on a standalone basis.
•   Lifeco's updated lines of business, previously referred to as value drivers, are displayed by operating segment below. See
    the 'Lines of Business' section of this document for descriptions and key metrics.


                                                                                         Operating Segments

                                                                                                                                                 Capital and
        Lines of Business                              U.S.                            Canada                          Europe
                                                                                                                                                Risk Solutions

            Retirement
                                                       ü                                   ü                              ü
               Wealth
                                                       ü                                   ü                              ü
          Group Benefits
                                                                                           ü                              ü
         Insurance & Risk
             Solutions                                                                     ü                              ü                              ü




                                                                                       Great-West Lifeco Inc. First Quarter 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis    6


                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                               B  7
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis



                                  Base and Net Earnings
                                  Consolidated base earnings and net earnings of Lifeco include the base earnings and net earnings of Empower, Canada Life
                                  (and its operating subsidiaries) and the Company's Corporate operating results (including PanAgora Asset Management). Net
                                  earnings also include the earnings from Putnam Investments reported as discontinued operations.
                                  For a further description of base earnings, refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document.
                                  For further details on restated earnings for the first and fourth quarters of 2024, refer to the "Summary of Earnings
                                  Reclassification" section of this document.

                                                                                                                                                                                For the three months ended
                                                                                                                                                                       Mar. 31               Dec. 31         Mar. 31
                                                                                                                                                                        2025              2024 (Restated) 2024 (Restated)
                                      Base earnings (loss)1
                                        United States                                                                                                            $                365 $                381 $         302
                                        Canada                                                                                                                                    316                  362           340
                                        Europe                                                                                                                                    239                  260           226
                                        Capital and Risk Solutions                                                                                                                213                  232           205
                                        Corporate                                                                                                                                (103)                 (120)          (95)
                                      Lifeco base earnings1                                                                                                      $             1,030 $                1,115 $        978

                                      Items excluded from base earnings
                                        Market experience relative to expectations2                                                                              $                 (91) $               38 $         107
                                        Assumption changes and management actions2                                                                                                 (32)                 16             (1)
                                                                                  3




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                        Other non-market related impacts                                                                                                           (47)                 (53)          (53)
                                      Items excluded from Lifeco base earnings                                                                                   $               (170) $                  1 $         53

                                      Net earnings (loss) from continuing operations2
                                        United States                                                                                                            $                338 $                333 $         242
                                        Canada                                                                                                                                    301                  377           391
                                        Europe                                                                                                                                    167                  339           216
                                         Capital and Risk Solutions                                                                                                               184                   203          270
                                         Corporate                                                                                                                               (130)                 (136)          (88)
                                      Lifeco net earnings from continuing operations2                                                                            $                860 $               1,116 $       1,031
                                        Net earnings (loss) from discontinued operations                                                                                            —                    —           (115)
                                        Net gain from disposal of discontinued operations                                                                                           —                    —            44
                                      Lifeco net earnings - common shareholders                                                                                  $                860 $               1,116 $        960

                                  1
                                       This metric is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details.
                                  2
                                       Refer to the "Glossary" section of this document for additional details on the composition of this measure.
                                  3
                                       Included in other non-market related impacts are business transformation impacts (including restructuring and integration costs as well as acquisition and divestiture costs),
                                       amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets and tax legislative changes and other tax impacts.

                                  Base Earnings
                                  Base earnings for the first quarter of 2025 of $1,030 million ($1.11 per common share) increased by $52 million or 5% from $978
                                  million ($1.05 per common share) a year ago reflecting higher base earnings in Retirement and Wealth businesses, primarily
                                  driven by higher average assets from business growth and higher average equity markets compared to a year ago as well as
                                  improved expense efficiency and the impact of currency movements. These items were partially offset by lower insurance
                                  experience gains, lower earnings on surplus and write downs ($45 million post-tax) on three U.S. commercial mortgages.
                                  Net Earnings
                                  Lifeco's net earnings from continuing operations for the three month period ended March 31, 2025 of $860 million ($0.92 per
                                  common share) decreased by $171 million or 17% compared to $1,031 million ($1.10 per common share) a year ago. The
                                  decrease was primarily due to unfavourable market experience relative to expectations driven by interest rate and spread
                                  movements and lower returns than expected on real estate assets as well as more unfavourable assumption changes and
                                  management actions. The decrease was partially offset by higher base earnings, restructuring costs in the Canada segment and
                                  restructuring and integration costs in the U.S. segment from the prior year that did not repeat. The results from discontinued
                                  operations for the first quarter of 2025 were nil compared to a net loss of $115 million reflecting Putnam transaction-related
                                  closing costs as well as a $44 million final gain on sale a year ago.



                                                                                                                                   Great-West Lifeco Inc. First Quarter 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis        7


                                           B  8                                                         P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Management's Discussion and Analysis


Lifeco's net earnings from continuing operations for the three month period ended March 31, 2025 of $860 million ($0.92 per
common share) decreased by $256 million or 23% compared to $1,116 million ($1.20 per common share) in the previous
quarter. The decrease was primarily due to unfavourable market experience relative to expectations driven by interest rate and
spread movements, unfavourable assumption changes and management actions compared to favourable impacts in the prior
quarter as well as lower base earnings.
Foreign Currency
The average currency translation rate for the first quarter of 2025 increased for the U.S. dollar, British pound and the euro
compared to the first quarter of 2024. For the three months ended March 31, 2025, the overall impact of currency movement on
the Company's base earnings was an increase of $42 million compared to the three months ended March 31, 2024. The overall
impact of currency movement on the Company’s net earnings was an increase of $34 million compared to translation rates a
year ago.
From December 31, 2024 to March 31, 2025, the market rates at the end of the reporting period used to translate the euro and
British pound assets and liabilities to the Canadian dollar increased, while the U.S. dollar remained flat. The movements in
end-of-period exchange rates impact the translation of foreign operations, including related hedging activities, resulting in
post-tax unrealized foreign exchange gains of $239 million in-quarter recorded in other comprehensive income.
Translation rates for the reporting period and comparative periods are detailed in the "Translation of Foreign Currency"
section.
Taxes
The Company's effective income tax rate on earnings attributable to common shareholders and total Lifeco earnings are
presented below.

    Effective Income Tax Rates                                                                                                              For the three months ended




                                                                                                                                                                                                    PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                                                                                                                       Mar. 31            Dec. 31               Mar. 31
                                                                                                                                        2025               2024                  2024
    Base earnings - common shareholders1,2                                                                                                 17.2 %               15.6 %                17.9 %
    Net earnings - common shareholders3                                                                                                    16.1 %               15.3 %                15.1 %
    Net earnings - total Lifeco3                                                                                                           14.6 %               15.0 %                13.4 %

1
     This metric is a non-GAAP ratio. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details
2
     Global Minimum Tax (GMT) legislation was enacted in Canada on June 20, 2024 and applied retroactively to January 1, 2024. The comparative effective income tax rate on base
     earnings for the first quarter of 2024 is presented on a pro forma basis as if the legislation was enacted in the first quarter of 2024.
3
     The comparative effective income tax rates for the first quarter of 2024 do not reflect the full impact of the GMT, as the Canadian legislation was not enacted until June 20, 2024. The
     impact of the retroactive application related to the first quarter of 2024 was recorded in the second quarter of 2024.

The Company's effective income tax rate is generally lower than the statutory income tax rate of 28.0% due to benefits related to
non-taxable investment income and lower income tax rates in certain foreign jurisdictions.
In the first quarter of 2025, the effective income tax rate on base earnings for the common shareholders of 17.2% was
comparable to 17.9% in the first quarter of 2024.
In the first quarter of 2025, the effective income tax rate on net earnings for the common shareholders of 16.1% was up from
15.1% in the first quarter of 2024, primarily due to the Global Minimum Tax, which was not fully reflected in the first quarter of
2024 due to the timing of the enactment of the Canadian legislation.
In the first quarter of 2025, the effective income tax rate on net earnings for total Lifeco of 14.6% was up from 13.4% in the first
quarter of 2024, primarily due to the same reason discussed for the in-quarter common shareholders net earnings results.
Refer to note 14 of the Company's condensed consolidated interim unaudited financial statements for the period ended
March 31, 2025 for further details.
Items Excluded from Base Earnings
Market Experience Relative to Expectations
                                                                                                                                            For the three months ended
                                                                                                                                       Mar. 31            Dec. 31               Mar. 31
                                                                                                                                        2025               2024                  2024
    Public equity market impacts                                                                                                   $             (15) $               (1) $                 26
    Real estate and other non-fixed income asset impacts                                                                                         (38)               (45)                  (59)
    Interest rate and other impacts                                                                                                              (38)                84                   140
    Total market experience relative to expectations                                                                               $             (91) $              38 $                 107



                                                                                                    Great-West Lifeco Inc. First Quarter 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis              8


                                     P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                                  B  9
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis


                                  Market experience relative to expectations, which are reflected in the net investment result of the Company's consolidated
                                  statement of earnings, negatively impacted net earnings by $91 million in the first quarter of 2025, compared to a positive
                                  impact of $107 million in the first quarter of 2024.
                                  In-quarter impacts reflect interest rate and spread movements and lower returns than expected on real estate assets. The
                                  negative interest rate and other impacts result primarily arose from liabilities decreasing by less than their supporting assets in
                                  Europe and Capital and Risk Solutions segments, largely due to risk-free rate increases at longer terms. The lower returns than
                                  expected on real estate and other non-fixed income assets arose due to underperforming real estate assets in the Canada
                                  segment and in the U.K. in the Europe segment.
                                  In order to mitigate the Company's exposure to interest rate fluctuations, the Company follows disciplined processes for
                                  matching asset and liability cash flows. As a result, the impact of changing interest rates is mostly mitigated in the current
                                  period, with the impact of changes in fair values of bonds backing insurance contract liabilities mostly offset by a
                                  corresponding change in the insurance contract liabilities. However, differences in the interest rate sensitivity in the value of
                                  assets and the value of insurance and investment contract liabilities leads to a sensitivity to interest rate movements in net
                                  earnings due to the Company’s asset liability management strategies and accounting policy choices. These choices include
                                  consideration of the impact on regulatory capital, which can result in increased net earnings sensitivity, but decreased capital
                                  sensitivity. For example, the Company’s asset liability management strategy uses public equities and other non-fixed income
                                  assets as a component of general fund assets supporting liabilities, which leads to interest rate exposure in net earnings. The
                                  classification of financial assets, which are valued at amortized cost and held in the general fund assets supporting liabilities
                                  (for example, mortgage assets in the U.K.), also contributes to interest rate exposure in net earnings. Furthermore, sensitivities
                                  to interest rate movements vary depending upon the geography where the changes occur and the level of change in interest
                                  rates by term.
                                  For a further description of the Company's sensitivity to equity market and interest rate fluctuations, including sensitivity
                                  disclosures as a result of current market conditions, refer to the "Risk Management" section of this document as well as note 6




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  of the Company's condensed consolidated interim unaudited financial statements for the period ended March 31, 2025.
                                  Assumption Changes and Management Actions
                                  Assumption changes on insurance risks and certain management actions directly impact CSM, for contracts which have CSM.
                                  The impact of assumption changes and certain management actions on CSM are measured at locked-in rates, for contracts
                                  measured under the General Measurement Model.
                                  Net earnings impacts arise from the fair value impact of measuring assumption changes impacting CSM at fair value (relative to
                                  the impacts on CSM measured at locked-in rates), as well as assumption changes on financial risks on certain products and
                                  assumption changes on insurance risks on contracts which do not have CSM (including short-term insurance contracts).
                                  For the three months ended March 31, 2025, assumption changes and management actions resulted in a decrease in CSM of $1
                                  million on segregated fund business, an increase in CSM of $10 million as well as a negative net earnings impact of $32 million
                                  on non-participating business, excluding segregated funds.
                                  In the Europe segment, CSM was negatively impacted by $1 million on segregated fund business. Also in the Europe segment,
                                  CSM was negatively impacted by $4 million and net earnings were negatively impacted by $24 million, due to minor modelling
                                  refinements and management actions on other non-participating business. There was a minor model refinement on U.S. non-
                                  participating business which positively impacted CSM in the U.S. segment by $9 million and negatively impacted net earnings
                                  in the Corporate segment by $7 million. In the Canada segment, CSM was positively impacted by $3 million and there was no
                                  impact to net earnings. In the Capital and Risk Solutions segment, CSM was positively impacted by $2 million and net earnings
                                  were negatively impacted by $1 million.
                                  This compares to a decrease in CSM of $290 million on segregated fund business, a decrease in CSM of $23 million as well as a
                                  positive net earnings impact of $16 million on non-participating business, excluding segregated funds in the previous quarter.
                                  This also compares to a decrease in CSM of $10 million and a negative net earnings impact of $1 million on non-participating
                                  business for the same period in 2024.
                                  Other Items Excluded from Base Earnings
                                  For the first quarter of 2025, other items excluded from base earnings were negative $47 million compared to negative $53
                                  million a year ago.
                                  Business transformation costs decreased by $39 million compared to the same period in the prior year, primarily due to
                                  provisions for restructuring costs in the Canada segment and integration and restructuring costs related to the acquisition of
                                  the full-service retirement services business of Prudential Financial Inc. (Prudential) in the U.S. segment from the prior year
                                  that did not repeat.
                                  Global Minimum Tax legislation was enacted in Canada on June 20, 2024 and applies retroactively to January 1, 2024. As a
                                  result, comparative results for base earnings and items excluded from base earnings for the first quarter of 2024 have been

                                                                                                            Great-West Lifeco Inc. First Quarter 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis   9


                                       B  10                                     P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Management's Discussion and Analysis


presented on a "pro forma" basis as if the legislation was enacted in the first quarter of 2024. This resulted in a positive $34
million impact excluded from base earnings in the first quarter of 2024.

Lifeco Lines of Business
The Company has a diversified mix of business across its reportable operating segments and accordingly supplements its
analysis of results with reporting and disclosures by business type or “lines of business”. The Company focuses on four key
lines of business that extend across its reportable operating segments:
•        Retirement
•        Wealth
•        Group Benefits
•        Insurance & Risk Solutions
Lifeco Base Earnings by Lines of Business
                                                                                                                                             For the three months ended
                                                                                                                                        Mar. 31          Dec. 31         Mar. 31
                                                                                                                                         2025         2024 (Restated) 2024 (Restated)
    Base earnings (loss)1
    Retirement                                                                                                                      $         316 $               330 $               254
    Wealth                                                                                                                                    166                 183                 147
    Group Benefits                                                                                                                            204                 225                 197
    Insurance & Risk Solutions                                                                                                                344                 377                 351
    Earnings on surplus                                                                                                                       137                 143                 152




                                                                                                                                                                                              PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
    Corporate expenses & other                                                                                                                (137)              (143)                (123)
    Lifeco base earnings1                                                                                                           $        1,030 $            1,115 $               978
    Lifeco net earnings from continuing operations2                                                                                 $         860 $             1,116 $             1,031

1
      This metric is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details.
2
     Refer to the "Glossary" section of this document for additional details on the composition of this measure.

The information in the table above is a summary of base earnings by the Company's lines of business. Additional commentary
regarding base earnings by lines of business is included, as applicable, in the sections below.
Retirement
The Company has built millions of trusted relationships with customers through the Retirement line of business. These
relationships are based on the consistent delivery of retirement solutions that are delivered at scale through employer
sponsored plans as a core part of the business. The Company is building lifetime customer relationships through a focus on
deepening the value of advice and product solutions to better meet customers' retirement needs.
Selected Financial Results
                                                                                                                                             For the three months ended
                                                                                                                                        Mar. 31          Dec. 31         Mar. 31
                                                                                                                                         2025         2024 (Restated) 2024 (Restated)
    Base earnings (loss)1                                                                                                           $         316 $               330 $               254
    Retirement net asset flows2                                                                                                              7,283           (11,475)               (8,815)
    Net fee and spread income2                                                                                                               1,154              1,155               1,030
    Total client assets1                                                                                                                 2,481,452         2,513,447           2,197,375
    Average client assets2                                                                                                               2,530,729         2,475,801           2,121,911

1
      This metric is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details.
2
      Refer to the "Glossary" section of this document for additional details on the composition of this measure.

Base earnings
Retirement base earnings for the first quarter of 2025 of $316 million increased by $62 million or 24% compared to the same
quarter last year. The increase was primarily due to higher asset-based fee income, driven by higher average assets from
average equity market levels and business growth as well as lower operating expenses. These items were partially offset by write
downs in the U.S. segment ($38 million post-tax) on three U.S. commercial mortgages. and lower spread income.




                                                                                                   Great-West Lifeco Inc. First Quarter 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis        10


                                      P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                             B  11
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis



                                  Net asset flows
                                  Net asset inflows for the first quarter of 2025 were $7.3 billion, compared to net asset outflows of $8.8 billion for the same
                                  quarter last year, primarily due to positive net plan activity in the current quarter compared to negative net plan activity in the
                                  prior year in the U.S. segment, partially offset by large case plan terminations in the Canada segment.
                                  Client assets
                                  Total client assets at March 31, 2025 were $2.5 trillion, a decrease of $32.0 billion compared to December 31, 2024, primarily
                                  due to the unfavourable impact of markets, partially offset by net asset inflows in the U.S. and Europe segments.
                                  Wealth
                                  In partnership with over 108,000 advisor relationships globally at the start of 2025, the Company is delivering targeted and
                                  sophisticated solutions supported by personalized advice to meet customers’ personal wealth needs. The approach is enabled
                                  through investments in technology platforms and in managed solutions to help advisors continue to meet the evolving needs of
                                  customers.
                                  Selected Financial Results
                                                                                                                                                                           As at or for the three months ended
                                                                                                                                                                        Mar. 31               Dec. 31         Mar. 31
                                                                                                                                                                         2025              2024 (Restated) 2024 (Restated)
                                      Base earnings (loss)1                                                                                                       $                166 $                  183 $        147
                                      Wealth net asset flows2                                                                                                                   5,971                    5,262        2,582
                                      Net fee and spread income2                                                                                                                   626                    630          552
                                      Total client assets1                                                                                                                   479,415                   471,695      414,172
                                      Average client assets2                                                                                                                 476,949                   463,428      402,429
                                      CSM, segregated fund products                                                                                                             3,225                    3,268        3,404




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  1
                                        This metric is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details.
                                  2
                                        Refer to the "Glossary" section of this document for additional details on the composition of this measure.

                                  Base earnings
                                  Wealth base earnings for the first quarter of 2025 of $166 million increased by $19 million or 13% compared to the same quarter
                                  last year. The increase was primarily due to higher net fee and spread income driven by higher average assets from average
                                  equity market levels and business growth, partially offset by higher operating expenses.
                                  Net asset flows
                                  Net asset inflows for the first quarter of 2025 were $6.0 billion compared to $2.6 billion for the same quarter last year, primarily
                                  due to higher sales in the U.S. and Europe segments as well as improved segregated fund flows in the Canada segment. These
                                  items were partially offset by lower pension sales in the Europe segment.
                                  Client assets
                                  Total client assets at March 31, 2025 were $479.4 billion, increased by $7.7 billion compared to December 31, 2024, primarily
                                  due to net inflows as well as the favourable impact of markets in the Europe segment.
                                  CSM, segregated fund products
                                  CSM for segregated fund products at March 31, 2025 of $3.2 billion decreased by $43 million compared to December 31, 2024,
                                  primarily due to negative organic CSM movement and the unfavourable impact of market movements, partially offset by the
                                  impact of currency movement.




                                                                                                                                   Great-West Lifeco Inc. First Quarter 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis        11


                                            B  12                                                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Management's Discussion and Analysis



Group Benefits
The Company has built millions of trusted relationships with customers through the Group Benefits line of business. These
relationships are based on the consistent delivery of health and wellness benefits that are delivered at scale through employer
sponsored plans as a core part of the business. The Company offers effective benefit solutions to small, medium and large sized
plan sponsors including a wide range of traditional and specialty group products designed to meet plan members' benefits
needs.
Selected Financial Results
                                                                                                                                            For the three months ended
                                                                                                                                       Mar. 31         Dec. 31         Mar. 31
                                                                                                                                        2025        2024 (Restated) 2024 (Restated)
    Base earnings (loss)1                                                                                                          $         204 $               225 $               197
    Sales - Group Benefits (Insured)2                                                                                                        228                 165                 145
    Sales - Group Benefits (ASO & Other)2                                                                                                    233                 297                  70
    Fee and other income (ASO & Other)                                                                                                       106                 114                 114
    In-force premiums (Insured)2                                                                                                           10,124            10,066                9,670

1
     This metric is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details.
2
     Refer to the "Glossary" section of this document for additional details on the composition of this measure.

Base earnings
Group Benefits base earnings for the first quarter of 2025 of $204 million increased by $7 million or 4% compared to the same
quarter last year. The increase was primarily due to favourable group income protection experience in the U.K. and favourable
health experience in Ireland, partially offset by less favourable insurance experience in the Canada segment.
Sales




                                                                                                                                                                                            PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
Group Benefits (Insured) sales for the first quarter of 2025 of $228 million increased by $83 million or 57% compared to the
same quarter last year. The increase was primarily due to strong protection sales in Ireland in the Europe segment as well as
increases in small and large case sales in the Canada segment.
Group Benefits (ASO & Other) sales for the first quarter of 2025 of $233 million increased by $163 million compared to the same
quarter last year, primarily due to a large creditor sale and other large case sales in the Canada segment.
Group Benefits in-force premiums (Insured)
Group Benefits in-force premiums at March 31, 2025 were $10.1 billion, an increase of $0.1 billion compared to December 31,
2024, primarily due to organic growth, strong sales and the impact of currency movement in the Europe segment, partially
offset by higher terminations in the Canada segment.
Insurance & Risk Solutions
The Company has a strong and stable insurance base which helps produce capital that is invested in areas of opportunity for
growth. Additionally, with its sophisticated risk and capital management expertise, the Company is helping organizations
manage their risks and deliver sustainable customer solutions. By leveraging this expertise, Lifeco is diversifying its portfolio,
offsetting or counterbalancing risks and creating value for stakeholders including strong financial performance.
Selected Financial Results
                                                                                                                                        As at or for the three months ended
                                                                                                                                       Mar. 31      Dec. 31         Mar. 31
                                                                                                                                        2025     2024 (Restated) 2024 (Restated)
    Base earnings (loss)1                                                                                                          $         344 $          377 $           351
    Sales - Insurance2                                                                                                                       253            263             185
    Sales - Annuities2                                                                                                                       794                 396               1,529
    New business non-participating CSM, excluding segregated fund products                                                                   143                 269                 127
    Non-participating CSM, excluding segregated fund products                                                                               7,150              6,845               6,232

1
     This metric is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details.
2
     Refer to the "Glossary" section of this document for additional details on the composition of this measure.

Base earnings
Insurance & Risk Solutions base earnings for the first quarter of 2025 of $344 million decreased by $7 million or 2% compared to
the same quarter last year. The decrease was primarily due to an in-quarter net provision for estimated claims resulting from
the impact of the California wildfires and unfavourable claims experience in the U.S. life business in the Capital and Risk



                                                                                                  Great-West Lifeco Inc. First Quarter 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis       12


                                     P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                             B  13
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis


                                  Solutions segment as well as less favourable insurance experience in the Europe segment. These items were partially offset by
                                  other favourable experience in the Capital and Risk Solutions segment.
                                  Sales
                                  Insurance sales for the first quarter of 2025 of $253 million increased by $68 million or 37% compared to the same quarter last
                                  year, primarily due to higher insurance sales in the U.K.
                                  Annuity sales for the first quarter of 2025 of $794 million decreased by $735 million or 48% compared to the same quarter last
                                  year, primarily due to lower current quarter bulk and individual annuity sales in the U.K. as well as lower annuity sales driven
                                  by declining interest rates in the Canada segment. These items were partially offset by strong bulk annuity sales in Ireland.
                                  New business non-participating CSM, excluding segregated fund products
                                  Insurance & Risk Solutions new business non-participating CSM, excluding segregated fund products, for the first quarter of
                                  2025 of $143 million increased by $16 million compared to the same quarter last year, primarily due to higher new business
                                  growth in the Capital and Risk Solutions segment, partially offset by lower new business growth in the Europe segment.
                                  Non-participating CSM, excluding segregated fund products
                                  Non-participating CSM, excluding segregated fund products, at March 31, 2025 of $7.2 billion increased by $0.3 billion
                                  compared to December 31, 2024, primarily due to favourable insurance experience in the Europe and Canada segments as well
                                  as the impact of currency movement.

                                  Segmented Operating Results

                                  The segmented operating results of Lifeco, including the comparative figures, are presented on an IFRS basis. Consolidated
                                  operating results for Lifeco comprise the results of Empower, Canada Life (and its operating subsidiaries), Lifeco's corporate
                                  results (including PanAgora Asset Management) as well as results from Putnam Investments, reported as discontinued




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  operations. The following sections analyze the performance of Lifeco's four major reportable segments: United States (U.S.),
                                  Canada, Europe and Capital and Risk Solutions.
                                  Translation of Foreign Currency
                                  For the United States, Europe and Capital and Risk Solutions segments, foreign currency assets and liabilities are translated
                                  into Canadian dollars at the market rate at the end of the financial period. All income and expense items are translated at an
                                  average rate for the period.

                                  United States
                                  The United States segment comprises two distinct lines of business: Empower Workplace, which is aligned with the Retirement
                                  line of business, and Empower Wealth. The United States segment operating results for Lifeco include the results of Empower
                                  Annuity Insurance Company of America (Empower) and an allocation of a portion of Lifeco's Corporate results. The U.S.
                                  segment also includes the results of Putnam Investments classified as discontinued operations in 2024.
                                  2025 Developments
                                  •   During the first quarter of 2025, Empower announced a new consumer-directed healthcare (CDH) offering to help
                                      individuals manage their healthcare finances. Empower will offer benefits such as health savings accounts (HSAs), flexible
                                      spending accounts (FSAs), health reimbursement arrangements (HRAs), voluntary employees’ beneficiary association
                                      plans (VEBAs), wellness incentives, lifestyle benefits, and more. In partnership with Alegeus Technologies, LLC, the
                                      integrated set of CDH benefits will be incorporated into Empower's digital platform under the Empower brand. With a year
                                      track record of more than 25 years, Alegeus delivers consumer-directed benefit accounts for over 75,000 employers and
                                      more than 10 million participants.




                                                                                                          Great-West Lifeco Inc. First Quarter 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis   13


                                       B  14                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Management's Discussion and Analysis



Selected Financial Information
    Base earnings and net earnings from continuing operations
                                                                                                                                            For the three months ended
                                                                                                                                       Mar. 31           Dec. 31         Mar. 31
                                                                                                                                        2025          2024 (Restated) 2024 (Restated)
    Base earnings (loss) (US$)1
      Retirement                                                                                                                   $         190 $               199 $               157
      Wealth                                                                                                                                     40               47                  38
      Earnings on surplus                                                                                                                        25               26                  30
    Base earnings (loss) (US$)1                                                                                                    $         255 $               272 $               225
      Items excluded from base earnings (US$)                                                                                                 (18)                (35)                (45)
    Net earnings from continuing operations (US$)2                                                                                 $         237 $               237 $               180

    Base earnings (loss) (C$)1                                                                                                     $         365 $               381 $               302
    Net earnings from continuing operations (C$)2                                                                                  $         338 $               333 $               242
1
     This metric is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details.
2
     Refer to the "Glossary" section of this document for additional details on the composition of this measure.

Base earnings and net earnings from continuing operations
In the first quarter of 2025, net earnings from continuing operations increased by US$57 million to US$237 million compared to
the same quarter last year. Base earnings of US$255 million increased by US$30 million in the first quarter of 2025 compared to
the same quarter last year, primarily due to an increase in fee income driven by higher average assets from higher equity
market levels and growth in the business. The increase was also due to lower expenses driven by cost saving synergies related
to the Prudential full-service retirement services business acquisition. These items were partially offset by write downs on three




                                                                                                                                                                                             PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
U.S. commercial mortgage loans in the current year (US$26 million post-tax) and higher paid crediting rates resulting in lower
spread income.
Items excluded from base earnings were negative US$18 million in the first quarter of 2025 compared to negative US$45 million
for the same quarter last year, primarily due to higher restructuring and integration expenses in the prior year.




                                                                                                  Great-West Lifeco Inc. First Quarter 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis       14


                                     P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                             B  15
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis



                                      Additional financial information
                                                                                                                                                                                For the three months ended
                                                                                                                                                                       Mar. 31               Dec. 31         Mar. 31
                                                                                                                                                                        2025              2024 (Restated) 2024 (Restated)
                                      Net asset flows - (US$)1
                                        Retirement                                                                                                               $             5,203 $                 (8,344) $      (7,019)
                                        Wealth                                                                                                                                 2,768                    3,050          1,286
                                      Net asset flows - (US$)1                                                                                                   $             7,971 $                 (5,294) $      (5,733)
                                      Net asset flows - (C$)1                                                                                                    $            11,398 $                 (7,414) $      (7,742)
                                                                                 1
                                      Net fee and spread income (US$)
                                        Retirement                                                                                                               $                707 $                  722 $          666
                                        Wealth                                                                                                                                    171                    171            150
                                      Net fee and spread income (US$)1                                                                                           $                878 $                  893 $          816
                                      Net fee and spread income (C$)1                                                                                            $             1,254 $                  1,249 $       1,101
                                                                                     2
                                      Assets under administration (US$)
                                        Assets under management or advisement2                                                                                   $          356,341 $                 352,509 $     345,293
                                        Assets under administration only1                                                                                                1,379,231               1,402,412         1,283,279
                                      Total client assets (US$)2                                                                                                 $       1,735,572 $             1,754,921 $       1,628,572

                                      Total assets under administration (US$)2                                                                                   $       1,771,439 $             1,794,225 $       1,654,910
                                      Total assets under administration (C$)2                                                                                    $       2,550,872 $             2,583,692 $       2,234,130
                                                                         1
                                      Average client assets (US$)




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                       Average client assets - Retirement                                                                                        $       1,691,593 $             1,688,416 $       1,498,595
                                       Average client assets - Wealth                                                                                                         89,344                   86,447        73,716
                                      Total average client assets (US$)1                                                                                         $       1,780,937 $             1,774,863 $       1,572,311
                                      Total average client assets (C$)1                                                                                          $       2,546,740 $             2,484,809 $       2,122,620

                                  1
                                       Refer to the "Glossary" section of this document for additional details on the composition of this measure.
                                  2
                                       This metric is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details.

                                  Net asset flows
                                  In the first quarter of 2025, net inflows were US$8.0 billion, compared to net outflows of US$5.7 billion for the same quarter last
                                  year, primarily due to one large plan terminating in the first quarter of 2024. The number of participants at the end of the first
                                  quarter of 2025 increased from the end of the first quarter and fourth quarter of 2024 in both Retirement and Wealth.

                                  Canada
                                  The Canada segment comprises four distinct lines of business: Retirement, Wealth, Group Benefits and Insurance & Annuities.
                                  The segment includes the operating results of the Canadian businesses operated by Canada Life, together with an allocation of
                                  a portion of Lifeco's Corporate results.
                                  2025 Developments
                                  •       On February 12, 2025, the Company introduced changes to drive growth and support advisors in individual insurance and
                                          wealth. Over the next 18 months, directly affiliated advisors will be transitioning to the managing general agent model for
                                          new individual insurance business. Advisors will be able to use the same process, support team and tools for all their new
                                          business. A single advisor support team across Financial Horizons Group and Quadrus Investment Services has been
                                          created under the new banner, Advice Canada.
                                  •       During the first quarter of 2025, Canada Life launched a segregated fund advisor loyalty program. This new incentive
                                          program is tied to net sales and is expected to support continued growth of Canada Life’s segregated fund business.
                                  •       In January 2025, the Company officially launched the Canada Life Commitment, a service guarantee for Group Benefits
                                          and Retirement plan sponsors.




                                                                                                                                  Great-West Lifeco Inc. First Quarter 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis           15


                                           B  16                                                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Management's Discussion and Analysis



Selected Financial Information
    Base earnings and net earnings
                                                                                                                                           For the three months ended
                                                                                                                                      Mar. 31        Dec. 31         Mar. 31
                                                                                                                                       2025       2024 (Restated) 2024 (Restated)
    Base earnings (loss)1
      Retirement                                                                                                                  $          38 $                43 $                34
      Wealth                                                                                                                                 54                  68                  54
      Group Benefits                                                                                                                        143                 165                 162
      Insurance & Annuities                                                                                                                  58                  56                  59
      Earnings on surplus                                                                                                                    26                  29                  32
      Other                                                                                                                                   (3)                 1                   (1)
    Base earnings (loss)1                                                                                                         $         316 $               362 $               340
      Items excluded from base earnings                                                                                                     (15)                 15                  51
    Net earnings - common shareholders                                                                                            $         301 $               377 $               391
1
     This metric is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details.

Base and net earnings
In the first quarter of 2025, net earnings of $301 million decreased by $90 million compared to the same quarter last year. In the
first quarter of 2025, the Canada segment's base earnings of $316 million decreased by $24 million or 7% compared to the same
quarter last year, primarily due to lower CSM recognized for services provided driven by assumption changes in the prior year,
less favourable Group Benefits life experience as well as lower earnings on surplus. These items were partially offset by
favourable net fee income in Retirement and Wealth driven by strong asset growth and favourable investment results driven by
higher expected non-fixed income returns.




                                                                                                                                                                                            PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
Items excluded from base earnings were negative $15 million compared to positive $51 million for the same quarter last year.
Market experience relative to expectations was negative $10 million in the first quarter of 2025 compared to positive $67 million
for the same quarter last year, primarily due to less favourable interest rate movements and less favourable private equity
returns.




                                                                                                 Great-West Lifeco Inc. First Quarter 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis       16


                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                             B  17
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis



                                      Additional financial information
                                                                                                                                                                                 For the three months ended
                                                                                                                                                                        Mar. 31               Dec. 31         Mar. 31
                                                                                                                                                                         2025              2024 (Restated) 2024 (Restated)
                                      Sales1
                                        Group Benefits (Insured)1                                                                                                 $                125 $                  100 $              89
                                        Group Benefits (ASO & Other)1                                                                                                              233                    297                70
                                        Insurance & Annuities                                                                                                                      107                    180               154

                                      Net asset flows1
                                        Retirement                                                                                                                $               (479) $                   77 $            253
                                        Wealth                                                                                                                                     (35)                   (211)            (343)
                                      Net asset flows1                                                                                                            $               (514) $                 (134) $            (90)
                                                                          1
                                      Net fee and spread income
                                        Retirement                                                                                                                $                116 $                  118 $            104
                                        Wealth                                                                                                                                     233                    247              219
                                      Net fee and spread income1                                                                                                  $                349 $                  365 $            323

                                      Group Benefits fee and other income (ASO & Other)                                                                           $                106 $                  114 $            114
                                                                              2
                                      Assets under administration
                                        Assets under management or advisement2                                                                                    $          193,387 $                 194,456 $      180,375
                                        Assets under administration only1                                                                                                      2,972                     2,888          2,737
                                      Total client assets2                                                                                                        $          196,359 $                 197,344 $      183,112




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                      Total assets under administration2,3                                                                                        $          306,426 $                 305,972 $      283,122

                                      Average client assets1
                                       Average client assets - Retirement                                                                                         $            78,608 $                 78,788 $       69,932
                                       Average client assets - Wealth                                                                                                        119,334                   118,235        108,307
                                      Total average client assets1                                                                                                $          197,942 $                 197,023 $      178,239

                                      Contractual service margin
                                        Insurance & Annuities - Non-Participating                                                                                 $                698 $                  690 $          1,166
                                        Wealth - Segregated Funds                                                                                                               1,708                    1,760           1,936
                                        Insurance & Annuities - Participating                                                                                                   3,074                    3,024           3,145
                                      Contractual service margin                                                                                                  $             5,480 $                  5,474 $         6,247

                                      Group Benefits in-force premiums (Insured)1                                                                                 $             7,341 $                  7,395 $         7,211

                                  1
                                       Refer to the "Glossary" section of this document for additional details on the composition of this measure.
                                  2
                                       This metric is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details.
                                  3
                                       At March 31, 2025, Canada Life had $7.1 billion of proprietary mutual fund assets held by retail clients ($7.3 billion at December 31, 2024). $3.3 billion ($3.4 billion as at December 31,
                                       2024) of these assets are consolidated as investment on account of segregated fund policyholders on the Company's balance sheet.

                                  Sales
                                  Group Benefits (Insured) sales for the first quarter of 2025 of $125 million increased by $36 million compared to the same
                                  quarter last year, primarily due to increased small and large case sales. Group Benefits (ASO & Other) sales for the first quarter
                                  of 2025 of $233 million increased by $163 million compared to the same quarter last year, primarily due to a large creditor sale
                                  and other large case sales. Insurance and annuities sales for the first quarter of 2025 of $107 million decreased by $47 million
                                  compared to the same quarter last year, primarily due to lower individual annuity sales.
                                  Net asset flows
                                  In the first quarter of 2025, net asset outflows were $514 million compared to net asset outflows of $90 million for the same
                                  quarter last year, primarily due to large case plan terminations in Retirement, partially offset by higher segregated fund and
                                  third party mutual fund deposits in Wealth.
                                  Contractual service margin
                                  At March 31, 2025, total contractual service margin was $5,480 million, an increase of $6 million from December 31, 2024,
                                  driven by positive contributions from new business for non-participating products as well as positive mortality and longevity
                                  experience.




                                                                                                                                   Great-West Lifeco Inc. First Quarter 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis              17


                                           B  18                                                         P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Management's Discussion and Analysis



Group Benefits in-force premiums
Group Benefits in-force premiums at March 31, 2025 were $7.3 billion, a decrease of $0.1 billion compared to December 31,
2024, primarily due to terminations.

Europe
The Europe segment comprises four distinct lines of business: Retirement, Wealth, Group Benefits and Insurance & Annuities.
The segment serves customers in the United Kingdom (U.K.), Ireland and Germany operating under the Canada Life brand in
the U.K. and Germany and under the Irish Life brand in Ireland along with other acquired brands within the broker market in
Ireland. The segment's results also includes an allocation of a portion of Lifeco's Corporate results.
2025 Developments
•       In the first quarter of 2025, Canada Life U.K. offshore bond sales reached $1.6 billion (£0.9 billion), marking the highest
        quarter of sales to date.
•       On February 23, 2025, the transfer of Canada Life U.K’s onshore individual protection customer policies to Countrywide
        Assured plc, a subsidiary of Chesnara plc, was concluded. The completion of this transfer enables Canada Life U.K. to
        focus on core product lines. Through a separate transaction dated December 23, 2024, Canada Life U.K.’s onshore bond
        business is to be transferred to Countrywide Assured plc pending court approval, which is expected to occur towards the
        end of 2025.
•       In the first quarter of 2025, Irish Life’s claims artificial intelligence summarization and productivity tool went into full
        production for specific claim types. It has enabled faster claims payments and improved customer experience as well as
        efficiency and productivity improvements.
•       Irish Life continues to develop a digital offering with the new financial planning tool launching and a roadmap of
        increasing functionality and value creation planned. The ‘My Irish Life’ digital portal now has approximately 400,000




                                                                                                                                                                                           PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
        registered and 135,000 monthly active users.
•       Canada Life in Germany continues to progress on its plans to deliver a range of efficiency initiatives over 2025 and 2026.
        These initiatives will provide the business scope to invest in new technology to support business processes. In March 2025,
        a new artificial intelligence solution was deployed into production across its customer call centre which optimizes call
        handling through automated call summarization. This supports the Company's customer agents directly and also provides
        the business with intelligence as it uses the resulting data to understand customer behaviours and practices.
Selected Financial Information
    Base earnings and net earnings
                                                                                                                                           For the three months ended
                                                                                                                                      Mar. 31           Dec. 31         Mar. 31
                                                                                                                                       2025          2024 (Restated) 2024 (Restated)
    Base earnings (loss)1
      Retirement                                                                                                                  $              7 $              8 $                 9
      Wealth                                                                                                                                    54               50                  42
      Group Benefits                                                                                                                            61               60                  35
      Insurance & Annuities                                                                                                                     89              107                  98
      Earnings on surplus                                                                                                                       28               35                  42
    Base earnings (loss)1                                                                                                         $         239 $               260 $               226
      Items excluded from base earnings                                                                                                      (72)                79                 (10)
    Net earnings - common shareholders                                                                                            $         167 $               339 $               216
1
     This metric is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details.

Base and net earnings
In the first quarter of 2025, the Europe segment's net earnings of $167 million decreased by $49 million compared to the same
quarter last year. Base earnings of $239 million increased by $13 million compared to the same quarter last year. The increase is
primarily due to higher net fee income in Ireland and the U.K. driven by strong average asset growth, higher CSM recognized
for services provided driven by business growth and assumption changes in the prior year, as well as the impact of currency
movement. These items were partially offset by lower earnings on surplus, primarily due to lower asset volumes driven by
higher remittances to the Lifeco holding company.
Items excluded from base earnings for the first quarter of 2025 were negative $72 million compared to negative $10 million for
the same quarter last year. Market experience relative to expectations was negative $36 million compared to negative $12
million for the same quarter last year, primarily due to the impact of increases in longer-term risk-free interest rates. This is
partially offset by less unfavourable commercial property returns compared to the prior year. Assumption changes and

                                                                                                 Great-West Lifeco Inc. First Quarter 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis       18


                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                             B  19
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis


                                  management actions were negative $24 million compared to nil for the same period last year. Refer to the "Assumption
                                  Changes and Management Actions" section of this document for additional details.

                                      Additional financial information
                                                                                                                                                                                For the three months ended
                                                                                                                                                                       Mar. 31               Dec. 31         Mar. 31
                                                                                                                                                                        2025              2024 (Restated) 2024 (Restated)
                                      Sales1
                                        Group Benefits (Insured)1                                                                                                $                103 $                   65 $          56
                                        Insurance & Annuities                                                                                                                     940                    479         1,560

                                      Net asset flows1
                                        Retirement                                                                                                               $               322 $                    131 $        409
                                        Wealth                                                                                                                                 2,048                    1,203        1,189
                                        Insurance & Annuities                                                                                                                     18                       19           20
                                      Net asset flows1                                                                                                           $             2,388 $                  1,353 $      1,618
                                                                         1
                                      Net fee and spread income
                                        Retirement                                                                                                               $                 28 $                   27 $         28
                                        Wealth                                                                                                                                    149                    144          130
                                      Net fee and spread income1                                                                                                 $                177 $                  171 $        158
                                                                             2
                                      Assets under administration
                                        Assets under management or advisement2                                                                                   $          260,760 $                 256,126 $    226,149
                                        Assets under administration only1                                                                                                      4,523                    4,582        3,712
                                      Total client assets2                                                                                                       $          265,283 $                 260,708 $    229,861




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                      Total assets under administration2,3                                                                                       $          322,539 $                 316,739 $    283,731
                                                                 1
                                      Average client assets
                                       Average client assets - Retirement                                                                                        $           33,143 $                  33,230 $     28,876
                                       Average client assets - Wealth                                                                                                       229,853                   224,167      194,605
                                      Total average client assets1                                                                                               $          262,996 $                 257,397 $    223,481

                                      Contractual service margin
                                        Insurance & Annuities - Non-Participating                                                                                $             3,839 $                  3,664 $      3,307
                                        Wealth - Segregated Funds                                                                                                              1,538                    1,531        1,488
                                      Contractual service margin                                                                                                 $             5,377 $                  5,195 $      4,795

                                      Group Benefits in-force premiums (Insured)1                                                                                $             2,783 $                  2,671 $      2,459

                                  1
                                       Refer to the "Glossary" section of this document for additional details on the composition of this measure.
                                  2
                                       This metric is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details.
                                  3
                                       At March 31, 2025, total assets under administration excludes $19.4 billion of assets managed for other business units within the Lifeco group of companies ($19.1 billion at
                                       December 31, 2024 and $14.3 billion at March 31, 2024).

                                  Sales
                                  Group Benefits (Insured) sales for the first quarter of 2025 of $103 million increased by $47 million compared to the same
                                  quarter last year, primarily due to strong income protection sales in Ireland. Insurance and annuities sales for the first quarter
                                  of 2025 of $940 million decreased by $620 million compared to the same quarter last year, primarily due to lower bulk and
                                  individual annuity sales in the U.K. in the current quarter, partially offset by strong bulk annuity sales in Ireland.
                                  Group Benefits in-force premiums
                                  Group Benefits in-force premiums at March 31, 2025 were $2.8 billion, an increase of $0.1 billion compared to December 31,
                                  2024, primarily due to organic growth, strong sales and the impact of currency movement.
                                  Net asset flows
                                  In the first quarter of 2025, net asset inflows were $2.4 billion compared to net asset inflows of $1.6 billion for the same quarter
                                  last year. The net inflows were primarily due to higher asset management sales within Wealth, partially offset by lower pension
                                  sales in Ireland.
                                  Contractual service margin
                                  At March 31, 2025, total contractual service margin was $5.4 billion, an increase of $182 million from December 31, 2024. The
                                  increase was primarily due to strong annuity sales and the impact of currency movement.


                                                                                                                                  Great-West Lifeco Inc. First Quarter 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis        19


                                           B  20                                                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Management's Discussion and Analysis



Capital and Risk Solutions
The Capital and Risk Solutions segment includes Lifeco's reinsurance business and an allocation of a portion of Lifeco's
Corporate results. Capital and Risk Solutions also includes the results for the Company's legacy international businesses.
At Lifeco, the Capital and Risk Solutions segment results are generally included in the Insurance & Risk Solutions line of
business.
2025 Developments
•       The Capital and Risk Solutions segment continued to grow by providing tailored solutions to customers while increasing
        diversification within the portfolio. In 2025, the Capital and Risk Solutions segment continues to expand its international
        presence in targeted new markets, while continuing to focus on core markets and product expansion in Europe and the
        U.S. During the first quarter of 2025, the Company executed numerous transactions, primarily in the structured products
        market segment.
•       The Company offers property catastrophe coverage to reinsurance companies and as a result, the Company is exposed to
        potential claims arising from major weather events and other catastrophic events, primarily hurricanes, windstorms and
        earthquakes. The Company has assessed the impacts of wildfires in California which occurred in January 2025 and has
        made a provision for estimated claims of $21 million after-tax ($25 million pre-tax) in the quarter. In addition, the
        Company continues to monitor potential impacts of recent geopolitical conflicts, which are not expected to have a material
        effect on financial results.
Selected Financial Information
    Base earnings and net earnings
                                                                                                                                           For the three months ended
                                                                                                                                      Mar. 31        Dec. 31         Mar. 31




                                                                                                                                                                                           PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                                                                                                                       2025       2024 (Restated) 2024 (Restated)
    Base earnings (loss)1
      Reinsurance                                                                                                                 $         197 $               214 $               194
      Earnings on surplus                                                                                                                    16                  18                  11
    Base earnings (loss)1                                                                                                         $         213 $               232 $               205
      Items excluded from base earnings                                                                                                      (29)                (29)                65
    Net earnings - common shareholders                                                                                            $         184 $               203 $               270

1
     This metric is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details.

Base and net earnings
In the first quarter of 2025, the Capital and Risk Solutions segment's net earnings of $184 million decreased by $86 million
compared to the same quarter last year. Base earnings of $213 million increased by $8 million compared to the same quarter
last year as business growth was partially offset by unfavourable experience. In-quarter experience included a net provision for
estimated claims resulting from the impact of the California wildfires of $21 million after-tax as well as unfavourable claims
experience in the U.S life business, partially offset by other favourable experience.
Items excluded from base earnings for the first quarter of 2025 were negative $29 million compared to positive $65 million for
the same quarter last year, primarily due to interest rate and credit spread movements relative to expectations.




                                                                                                 Great-West Lifeco Inc. First Quarter 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis       20


                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                             B  21
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis



                                      Additional financial information
                                                                                                                                                                              For the three months ended
                                                                                                                                                                     Mar. 31               Dec. 31         Mar. 31
                                                                                                                                                                      2025              2024 (Restated) 2024 (Restated)
                                      Run-rate insurance results by product1
                                        Capital Solutions                                                                                                      $                119 $                 112 $        103
                                        Risk Solutions (excl. P&C)                                                                                                               92                    93           82
                                        P&C and other                                                                                                                            18                    22           21
                                      Total run-rate insurance results                                                                                         $                229 $                 227 $        206

                                      Total balance sheet assets                                                                                               $            12,013 $                11,708 $     9,017

                                      Contractual service margin
                                        Reinsurance - Non-Participating                                                                                        $             2,543 $                 2,436 $     1,736
                                        Reinsurance - Participating                                                                                                              1                       1          23
                                      Contractual service margin                                                                                                $            2,544 $                 2,437 $     1,759

                                  1
                                       This metric is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details.

                                  Contractual service margin
                                  At March 31, 2025, total contractual service margin was $2.5 billion, an increase of $0.1 billion from December 31, 2024. The
                                  increase was primarily due to new business and currency impacts, partially offset by CSM recognized for services provided.

                                  Corporate
                                  The Corporate segment includes operating results for activities of Lifeco that are not associated with the major business units of
                                  the Company. These items include:




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  •       certain overhead expenses, earnings on surplus, financing charges and related taxes not directly associated with the
                                          operations of the major business units of the Company;
                                  •       the results of PanAgora Asset Management (PanAgora);
                                  •       dividend income from shareholdings of Franklin Resources, Inc. (Franklin Templeton); and
                                  •       the results of the U.S. insurance portfolio including a retained block of life insurance, predominately participating policies,
                                          which are now administered by Protective Life, as well as a closed life retrocession block and guaranteed lifetime
                                          withdrawal benefit (GLWB) product.
                                  Selected Financial Information - Corporate
                                                                                                                                                                              For the three months ended
                                                                                                                                                                     Mar. 31           Dec. 31         Mar. 31
                                                                                                                                                                      2025          2024 (Restated) 2024 (Restated)
                                      Base earnings (loss)1                                                                                                    $              (103) $         (120) $          (95)
                                        Items excluded from base earnings                                                                                                      (27)            (16)               7
                                      Net earnings (loss) - common shareholders                                                                                $              (130) $         (136) $          (88)

                                  1
                                       This metric is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details.

                                  In the first quarter of 2025, Corporate had a net loss of $130 million compared to $88 million for the same period last year. Base
                                  loss of $103 million increased by $8 million compared to the same quarter last year, primarily due to higher performance-
                                  related expenses and higher business losses from PanAgora and the U.S. insurance portfolio.
                                  Items excluded from base earnings for the first quarter of 2025 were negative $27 million compared to positive $7 million for
                                  the same quarter last year, primarily due to unfavourable market experience relative to expectations.




                                                                                                                                Great-West Lifeco Inc. First Quarter 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis       21


                                           B  22                                                      P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Management's Discussion and Analysis



Consolidated Financial Position

Assets
Total assets
                                                                                                                          As at March 31, 2025      As at December 31, 2024
Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                             $                  9,943      $               10,709
Bonds                                                                                                                                  170,989                     167,114
Mortgage loans                                                                                                                          39,057                             38,879
Stocks                                                                                                                                  19,589                             18,826
Investment properties                                                                                                                    8,229                              8,257
Invested assets                                                                                                       $                247,807      $                     243,785

Insurance contract assets                                                                                                                1,275                              1,193
Reinsurance contract held assets                                                                                                        17,542                             17,842
Goodwill and intangible assets                                                                                                          16,443                             16,386
Other assets                                                                                                                            27,454                             26,571
Investments on account of segregated fund policyholders                                                                                493,623                            496,386
Total assets                                                                                                          $                804,144      $                     802,163

Total assets increased by $2.0 billion at March 31, 2025 from December 31, 2024.
Invested assets increased by $4.0 billion compared to December 31, 2024. The increase was primarily due to an increase in fair
value of bonds resulting from a decrease in bond yields in Canada and the U.S.




                                                                                                                                                                                    PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
Investments on account of segregated fund policyholders decreased by $2.8 billion. The decrease was primarily due to the net
impact of market value losses of $8.4 billion as well as net withdrawals of $2.6 billion, partially offset by the positive impact of
currency movement of $6.9 billion and net investment income of $1.1 billion.
Invested Assets
The Company manages its general fund assets to support the cash flow, liquidity and profitability requirements of the
Company's insurance and investment products. The Company's investment policies are designed to be prudent and
conservative, so that assets are not unduly exposed to concentration, credit or market risks. Within the framework of the
Company’s policies, the Company implements strategies and reviews and adjusts them on an ongoing basis considering
liability cash flows and capital market conditions. The majority of investments of the general fund are in medium-term and
long-term fixed-income investments, primarily bonds and mortgages, reflecting the characteristics of the Company’s liabilities.
Bond portfolio
It is the Company's policy to acquire primarily investment grade bonds subject to prudent and well-defined investment
policies. Modest investments in below investment grade rated securities may occur while not changing the overall discipline
and conservative approach to the investment strategy. The total bond portfolio, including short-term investments, was $171.0
billion or 69% of invested assets at March 31, 2025 compared to $167.1 billion or 69% at December 31, 2024. The increase in the
bond portfolio was primarily due to an increase in fair values resulting from a decrease in bond yields in Canada and the U.S.
The overall quality of the bond portfolio remained high, with 99% of the portfolio rated investment grade and 70% rated A or
higher.
Bond credit ratings reflect bond rating agency activity up to March 31, 2025. Management continues to closely monitor bond
rating agency activity and general market conditions.
Bond portfolio quality
                                                                                                        As at March 31, 2025                     As at December 31, 2024
    AAA                                                                                          $          26,410                  15 % $           24,462            15 %
    AA                                                                                                      31,707                  19               32,310            19
    A                                                                                                       61,422                  36               60,041            36
    BBB                                                                                                     49,189                  29               47,936            29
    BB or lower                                                                                              2,261                   1                 2,365             1
Total                                                                                            $        170,989                 100 % $          167,114                 100 %

Mortgage portfolio
It is the Company’s practice to acquire high quality commercial mortgages meeting strict underwriting standards and
diversification criteria. The Company has a well-defined risk-rating system, which it uses in its underwriting and credit

                                                                                         Great-West Lifeco Inc. First Quarter 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis        22


                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                             B  23
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis


                                  monitoring processes for commercial loans. The majority of the commercial mortgages held in the Europe segment are
                                  classified as amortized cost and therefore there are no fair value movements recorded on these holdings. The Canada, Europe
                                  and Capital and Risk Solutions segments also hold equity release mortgages within the mortgage portfolio. Equity release
                                  mortgages are loans provided to people who want to continue living in their homes while accessing some of the underlying
                                  equity value in their homes. Loans are typically repaid when the borrower dies or moves into long-term care.

                                                                                                                   As at March 31, 2025                                             As at December 31, 2024
                                      Mortgage loans by type                              Insured1               Non-insured         Total                                           Total
                                        Single family residential                    $               234     $                920      $              1,154                    3% $       1,225           3%
                                          Multi-family residential                                2,630                    7,147                      9,777                  25                    9,568           25
                                          Equity release                                             —                     5,097                      5,097                  13                    4,818           12
                                          Commercial                                                 —                    23,029                     23,029                  59                   23,268           60
                                      Total                                          $            2,864      $            36,193       $             39,057                 100 % $               38,879          100 %

                                  1
                                       Insured mortgages include mortgages where insurance is provided by a third party and protects the Company in the event that the borrower is unable to fulfill their mortgage
                                       obligations.

                                  The total mortgage portfolio was $39.1 billion or 16% of invested assets at March 31, 2025, compared to $38.9 billion or 16% of
                                  invested assets at December 31, 2024. At March 31, 2025, total insured loans were $2.9 billion or 7% of the mortgage portfolio,
                                  compared to $2.8 billion or 7% at December 31, 2024.
                                  During the three months ended March 31, 2025, the Company incurred write-downs and charges of $65 million impacting
                                  commercial mortgage loans in the U.S. ($56 million in the non-participating portfolio and $9 million in the participating
                                  portfolio).
                                  Derivative Financial Instruments




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  During the first quarter of 2025, there were no major changes to the Company's policies and procedures with respect to the use
                                  of derivative financial instruments. The Company’s derivative transactions are generally governed by the International Swaps
                                  and Derivatives Association, Inc. (ISDA) Master Agreement, which provide for legally enforceable set-off and close-out netting
                                  of exposure to specific counterparties in the event of an early termination of a transaction, which includes, but is not limited to,
                                  events of default and bankruptcy. In the event of an early termination, the Company is permitted to set off receivables from a
                                  counterparty against payables to the same counterparty, in the same legal entity, arising out of all included transactions. The
                                  Company’s ISDA Master Agreement may include Credit Support Annex provisions, which require both the pledging and
                                  accepting of collateral in connection with its derivative transactions.
                                  At March 31, 2025, total financial collateral, including initial margin and overcollateralization, received on derivative assets was
                                  $1.7 billion ($1.7 billion at December 31, 2024) and pledged on derivative liabilities was $2.1 billion ($2.1 billion at
                                  December 31, 2024). Collateral received on derivative assets decreased and collateral pledged on derivatives liabilities
                                  increased in 2025, primarily driven by the impact of the euro and British pound strengthening against the U.S. dollar on cross-
                                  currency swaps that pay Euro or British pounds and receive U.S. dollars.
                                  During the three months ended March 31, 2025, the outstanding notional amount of derivative contracts increased by $3.2
                                  billion to $66.3 billion, primarily due to increases in volume of regular hedging activities.
                                  The Company’s exposure to derivative counterparty credit risk, which reflects the current fair value of those instruments in a
                                  gain position, decreased to $2.3 billion at March 31, 2025 from $2.4 billion at December 31, 2024. The decrease was primarily
                                  due to the Euro and British pound strengthening against the U.S. dollar on cross-currency swaps that pay euro or British
                                  pounds and receive U.S. dollars. All derivative counterparties had investment grade ratings as of March 31, 2025.

                                  Liabilities
                                      Total liabilities
                                                                                                                                                              As at March 31, 2025               As at December 31, 2024
                                      Insurance contract liabilities                                                                                      $                      157,971         $              155,683
                                      Reinsurance contract held liabilities                                                                                                          780                             795
                                      Investment contract liabilities                                                                                                             92,033                         90,157
                                      Other general fund liabilities                                                                                                              26,646                         26,488
                                       Insurance contracts on account of segregated fund policyholders                                                                            65,868                         66,343
                                       Investment contracts on account of segregated fund policyholders                                                                          427,755                        430,043
                                      Total                                                                                                               $                      771,053         $              769,509


                                  Total liabilities increased by $1.5 billion to $771.1 billion at March 31, 2025 from December 31, 2024.



                                                                                                                             Great-West Lifeco Inc. First Quarter 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis             23


                                              B  24                                                P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Management's Discussion and Analysis


Insurance contract liabilities increased by $2.3 billion. The increase was primarily due to the impact of currency movements
and market movements, partially offset by normal business movements.
Investment contract liabilities increased by $1.9 billion. The increase was primarily due to the impact of market and normal
business movements.
Other general fund liabilities increased by $158 million. The increase was primarily due to increases in other liabilities, partially
offset by a reduction in accounts payable.
Investment and insurance contracts on account of segregated fund policyholders decreased by $2.8 billion, primarily due to the
net impact of market value losses of $8.4 billion as well as net withdrawals of $2.6 billion, partially offset by the positive impact
of currency movements of $6.9 billion and net investment income of $1.1 billion.
Insurance and investment contract liabilities represent the amounts that, together with estimated future premiums and
investment income, will be sufficient to pay estimated future benefits, dividends and expenses on policies in-force. Insurance
and investment contract liabilities are determined using generally accepted actuarial practices, according to standards
established by the Canadian Institute of Actuaries. Also, refer to the "Summary of Critical Accounting Estimates" section of the
Company's Annual MD&A for the year ended December 31, 2024 for details on impairment testing of these assets.
Contractual Service Margin
The CSM of a group of insurance contracts represents the unearned profit that the Company expects to recognize in the future
as it provides services under those contracts. On initial recognition of a group of insurance contracts, if the total of the
fulfilment cash flows, any derecognized assets for insurance acquisition cash flows and any cash flows arising at that date is a
net inflow, then the group is classified as non-onerous. For non-onerous contracts, the CSM is measured as the equal and
opposite amount of the net inflow, which results in no income or expenses arising on initial recognition.
If the total is a net outflow, then the group of insurance contracts is onerous. In this case, the net outflow is recognized as a loss




                                                                                                                                                                                                PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
in the current period. A loss component is created to depict any losses recognized in the current period, which determines the
amounts that are subsequently recognized in future periods as reversals on onerous groups.

    Contractual service margin continuity1
                                                             Non-Participating (excluding Segregated Funds)
                                                                                                             Capital
                                                       United                                               and Risk
                                                       States             Canada            Europe          Solutions             Total        Seg Funds        Par               Total
    CSM beginning of period,                       $           55     $         690     $       3,664      $       2,436      $     6,845      $   3,268    $     3,255      $      13,368
    December 31, 2024
      Impact of new insurance business                         —                   7                69                 67             143             37              28              208
      Expected movements from asset                             1                  5                22                 16                 44          38              47              129
        returns & locked-in rates
      CSM recognized for services                               (2)             (18)               (78)               (62)           (160)          (100)             (38)            (298)
         provided
      Insurance experience gains/losses                         7                11                 27                   2                47         (29)             —                   18
    Organic CSM movement                           $            6     $            5    $           40     $           23     $           74   $     (54) $           37     $            57
      Impact of markets                                        —                  —                  —                 —                  —          (58)              (2)             (60)
      Impact of changes in assumptions                          9                  3                 (4)                 2                10          (1)               1                 10
      and management actions
      Currency impact                                          —                  —               139                  82             221             70              —               291
    Total CSM movement                             $           15     $            8    $         175      $         107      $       305      $     (43) $           36     $        298
    CSM end of period, March 31,
    2025                                           $           70     $         698     $       3,839      $       2,543      $     7,150      $   3,225    $     3,291      $      13,666

1
     The CSM shown in the above table is presented net of reinsurance contracts held and includes CSM attributed to insurance contract assets and insurance contract liabilities.

At March 31, 2025, total contractual service margin on non-participating business excluding segregated funds was $7.2 billion,
an increase of $305 million from December 31, 2024. The increase was mainly driven by currency impacts of $221 million, and
organic contractual service margin growth of $74 million.
At March 31, 2025, total contractual service margin was $13.7 billion, an increase of $0.3 billion from December 31, 2024. The
increase was mainly driven by currency impacts of $0.3 billion, with the organic contractual service margin growth and
negative market impacts mainly offsetting.
Further detail on the assumption changes and management actions on non-participating business is provided in the
"Assumption Changes and Management Actions" section of this document.


                                                                                                 Great-West Lifeco Inc. First Quarter 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis            24


                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                              B  25
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis



                                  Lifeco Capital Structure
                                  In establishing the appropriate mix of capital required to support the operations of the Company and its subsidiaries,
                                  management utilizes a variety of debt, equity and other hybrid instruments considering both the short and long-term capital
                                  needs of the Company.
                                  Debentures and Other Debt Instruments
                                  At March 31, 2025, debentures and other debt instruments increased by $71 million to $9,540 million compared to December
                                  31, 2024, primarily due to the impact of currency movement.
                                  Share Capital and Surplus
                                  Share capital outstanding at March 31, 2025 was $10.3 billion, which comprises $6.1 billion of common shares and $2.7 billion
                                  of preferred shares and $1.5 billion Limited Recourse Capital Notes (LRCN Series 1). Preferred shares included $2.5 billion of
                                  non-cumulative First Preferred Shares and $250 million of non-cumulative 5-year rate reset First Preferred Shares.
                                  The Company renewed its normal course issuer bid (NCIB) effective January 6, 2025 for one year to purchase and cancel up to
                                  20,000,000 of its common shares at market prices in order to mitigate the dilutive effect of stock options granted under the
                                  Company's Stock Option Plan and for other capital management purposes. Effective January 6, 2025, the Company entered into
                                  an automatic share purchase plan (ASPP). The ASPP is intended to facilitate repurchases of common shares under the NCIB,
                                  including at times when the Company would ordinarily not be permitted to make purchases due to regulatory restrictions or
                                  self-imposed blackout periods. All purchases of common shares made under the ASPP are included in determining the number
                                  of common shares purchased under the NCIB. Any common shares purchased by the Corporation pursuant to the NCIB will
                                  be cancelled.
                                  During the three months ended March 31, 2025, the Company repurchased and subsequently cancelled 2.1 million common
                                  shares under the current NCIB at an average cost per share of $52.08.




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  The Company intends to purchase $500 million of its common shares under its current NCIB, in addition to the purchases
                                  made to offset dilution under its share compensation plans. This is subject to market conditions, the Company's ability to effect
                                  the purchases on a prudent basis, and other strategic opportunities emerging.

                                  Liquidity and Capital Management

                                  Liquidity
                                      Total liquid assets
                                                                                                                        As at March 31, 2025                                          As at December 31, 2024
                                                                                                          On-balance                                                       On-balance
                                                                                                            sheet              Non-liquid/            Net liquid             sheet              Non-liquid/       Net liquid
                                                                                                            assets              Pledged                assets                assets              Pledged           assets
                                      Cash, cash equivalents and short-term bonds
                                        Cash and cash equivalents1                                       $        9,943        $           245      $        9,698       $       10,709        $        339   $       10,370
                                        Short-term bonds2                                                         7,845                    346               7,499                5,429                 348            5,081
                                        Sub-total                                                        $       17,788        $           591      $       17,197       $       16,138        $        687   $       15,451

                                      Other assets and marketable securities
                                        Government bonds2                                                $       41,291        $       10,901       $       30,390       $       40,928        $     11,293   $       29,635
                                        Corporate bonds2                                                       121,853                 60,003               61,850              120,757              59,688           61,069
                                        Stocks1                                                                 19,589                  6,473               13,116               18,826               6,126           12,700
                                        Mortgage loans1                                                         39,057                36,193                2,864                38,879              36,089           2,790
                                        Sub-total                                                        $     221,790         $     113,570        $     108,220        $      219,390        $    113,196   $     106,194

                                      Total                                                              $     239,578         $     114,161        $     125,417        $      235,528        $    113,883   $     121,645

                                  1
                                       Refer to the consolidated balance sheet in the Company's March 31, 2025 interim consolidated financial statements and December 31, 2024 annual consolidated financial statements
                                       for on-balance sheet amounts.
                                  2
                                       Total short-term bonds, government bonds and corporate bonds as at March 31, 2025 was $171.0 billion ($167.1 billion at December 31, 2024). Refer to the consolidated balance sheet
                                       in the Company's March 31, 2025 condensed consolidated interim unaudited financial statements for on-balance sheet bonds amounts.

                                  The Company’s liquidity requirements are largely self-funded, with short-term obligations being met by internal funds and
                                  maintaining levels of liquid investments adequate to meet anticipated liquidity needs. The Company holds cash, cash
                                  equivalents and short-term bonds at the Lifeco holding company level and with the Lifeco consolidated subsidiary companies.
                                  At March 31, 2025, the Company and its operating subsidiaries held liquid cash, cash equivalents and short-term bonds of


                                                                                                                                Great-West Lifeco Inc. First Quarter 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis                 25


                                              B  26                                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Management's Discussion and Analysis


$17.2 billion ($15.5 billion at December 31, 2024) and other liquid assets and marketable securities of $108.2 billion ($106.2
billion at December 31, 2024). Included in the cash, cash equivalents and short-term bonds at March 31, 2025 was $2.5 billion
($2.2 billion at December 31, 2024) held at the Lifeco holding company level which includes cash at Great-West Lifeco U.S.
LLC, the Company's U.S. holding company. In addition, the Company maintains committed lines of credit with Canadian
chartered banks and other revolving credit agreements in the U.S. for potential unanticipated liquidity needs, if required. Refer
to note 6(b) in the Company’s March 31, 2025 condensed consolidated interim unaudited financial statements for additional
detail.
The Company does not have a formal common shareholder dividend policy. The Company maintains a target dividend payout
ratio range of 45% to 55% of base earnings that is considered in dividend decisions. Dividends on outstanding common shares
of the Company are declared and paid at the sole discretion of the Board of Directors of the Company. The decision to declare a
dividend on the common shares of the Company takes into account a variety of factors including the level of earnings,
adequacy of capital and availability of cash resources.
As a holding company, the Company’s ability to pay dividends and, in part, its ability to deploy capital is dependent upon the
Company receiving dividends from its operating subsidiaries. The Company’s operating subsidiaries are subject to regulation
in a number of jurisdictions, each of which maintains its own regime for determining the amount of capital that must be held in
connection with the different businesses carried on by the operating subsidiaries. The requirements imposed by the regulators
in any jurisdiction may change from time to time, and thereby impact the ability of the operating subsidiaries to pay dividends
to the Company. In the first quarter of 2025, the Company's main operating subsidiaries made cash payments to the holding
company in the form of dividends amounting to $1.1 billion ($0.9 billion in first quarter of 2024).
Liquidity risk is assessed and mitigated through prudent product design and contract terms; and by maintaining a high quality,
diversified investment portfolio with sufficient liquidity to meet policyholder and financing obligations under normal and
stress conditions. Refer to the "Liquidity Risk" section of the Company's Annual MD&A for the period ended December 31, 2024
for additional information.




                                                                                                                                                                                   PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
Cash Flows
 Cash flows
                                                                                                                                       For the three months ended
                                                                                                                                                 March 31
                                                                                                                                           2025                    2024
 Cash flows relating to the following activities:
 Operations                                                                                                                        $               (167) $                 253
 Financing                                                                                                                                         (686)                   (536)
 Investment                                                                                                                                           (2)                  (214)
                                                                                                                                                   (855)                   (497)
 Effects of changes in exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents                                                                                    89                    88
 Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents in the period                                                                                    (766)                   (409)
 Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period                                                                                                 10,709                    8,117
 Cash and cash equivalents, end of period                                                                                          $              9,943 $                 7,708


The principal source of funds for the Company on a consolidated basis is cash provided by operating activities, including
insurance revenue, net investment income and fee income. These funds are used primarily to pay policy benefits, policyholder
dividends and claims, as well as operating expenses and commissions. The operations category on the statement of cash flows
also includes transfers and withdrawals by clients that are funded in part by the sale of assets for cash. Cash flows generated by
operations are mainly invested to support future liability cash requirements. Cash flows related to financing activities include
the issuance and repayment of capital instruments and associated dividends and interest payments.
In the first quarter of 2025, cash and cash equivalents decreased by $766 million from December 31, 2024. Cash flows used for
operations during the first quarter of 2025 were $167 million, a decrease of $420 million compared to the first quarter of 2024.
The negative cash flow from operations in the first quarter of 2025 was mainly due to timing of purchases of portfolio
investments relative to sales, maturities and repayments. The decrease from the prior year was primarily due to net purchases
of portfolio investments in the current quarter. Cash flows used by financing activities of $686 million were primarily used for
payment of dividends to common and preferred shareholders. Cash flows used by investment activities were $2 million.

Commitments/Contractual Obligations
Commitments/contractual obligations have not changed materially from December 31, 2024.




                                                                                        Great-West Lifeco Inc. First Quarter 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis        26


                           P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                             B  27
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis



                                  Capital Management and Adequacy
                                  The Board of Directors reviews and approves an annual capital plan as well as capital transactions undertaken by management
                                  pursuant to the plan. The capital plan is designed to ensure that the Company maintains adequate capital, taking into account
                                  the Company's strategy, risk profile and business plans. The Company has established policies and procedures designed to
                                  identify, measure and report all material risks. Management is responsible for establishing capital management procedures for
                                  implementing and monitoring the capital plan. In addition to undertaking capital transactions, the Company uses and
                                  provides traditional and structured reinsurance to support capital and risk management.
                                  At the holding company level, the Company monitors the amount of consolidated capital available and the amounts deployed
                                  in its various operating subsidiaries. The amount of capital deployed in any particular company or country is dependent upon
                                  local regulatory requirements as well as the Company’s internal assessment of capital requirements in the context of its
                                  operational risks and requirements and strategic plans. The Company’s practice is to maintain the capitalization of its
                                  regulated operating subsidiaries at a level that will exceed the relevant minimum regulatory capital requirements in the
                                  jurisdictions in which they operate. The capitalization decisions of the Company and its operating subsidiaries also give
                                  consideration to the impact such actions may have on the opinions expressed by various credit rating agencies that provide
                                  financial strength and other ratings to the Company.
                                  In Canada, OSFI has established a regulatory capital adequacy measurement for life insurance companies incorporated under
                                  the Insurance Companies Act (Canada) and their subsidiaries, known as the Life Insurance Capital Adequacy Test (LICAT).
                                  The March 31, 2025 LICAT Ratio is calculated in accordance with the 2025 OSFI Guideline - Life Insurance Capital Adequacy
                                  Test.
                                  The LICAT Ratio compares the regulatory capital resources of a company to its required capital. The required capital is
                                  calibrated so that a life insurer can both withstand severe stress events and support the continuity of existing business. The
                                  LICAT guideline uses a risk-based approach for measuring specific life insurer risks and for aggregating the results to calculate
                                  the amount of a life insurer's capital requirements.




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  OSFI has established a Supervisory Target Total Ratio of 100% and a Supervisory Minimum Total Ratio of 90%. Lifeco's major
                                  Canadian operating subsidiary, Canada Life, is operating well above these supervisory ratios.
                                  Canada Life's consolidated LICAT Ratio at March 31, 2025 was 130%. The LICAT Ratio does not take into account any impact
                                  from $2.5 billion of liquidity at the Lifeco holding company level at March 31, 2025 ($2.2 billion at December 31, 2024).
                                  The following provides a summary of the LICAT information and ratios for Canada Life:

                                      LICAT Ratio

                                                                                                                                                                                               Mar. 31             Dec. 31
                                                                                                                                                                                                2025                2024
                                       Tier 1 Capital                                                                                                                                     $           20,967   $     20,142
                                       Tier 2 Capital                                                                                                                                                  7,502          5,253
                                       Total Available Capital                                                                                                                                        28,469         25,395
                                       Surplus Allowance & Eligible Deposits                                                                                                                           5,427          5,130
                                      Total Capital Resources                                                                                                                             $           33,896   $    30,525

                                      Required Capital                                                                                                                                    $           26,118   $    23,516

                                      Total Ratio (OSFI Supervisory Target = 100%)1                                                                                                                    130 %           130 %
                                  1
                                       Total Ratio (%) = (Total Capital Resources / Required Capital)

                                  The LICAT Ratio at March 31, 2025 remained stable with the prior quarter result at 130%. The increase in the ratio from
                                  transition impacts to reporting based on the 2025 Guideline, as amended for Segregated Funds with Guarantees, were offset by
                                  the impact of earnings less dividends. The increase in Available Capital is driven by the inclusion of CSM for Segregated Funds
                                  with Guarantees. The increase in Required Capital is due mainly to the direct increase in the Segregated Fund Guarantee Risk
                                  associated with the increase in Available Capital.
                                  In the U.S, the National Association of Insurance Commissioners has established Risk-Based Capital (RBC) as a regulatory
                                  capital adequacy measurement. Empower, Lifeco’s U.S. operating company, reports its RBC ratio annually to U.S. Insurance
                                  Regulators. The RBC ratio is for information only and is not intended as a means to rank insurers generally or for any other
                                  purpose. At March 31, 2025, the ratio is estimated to continue to be above 500%.




                                                                                                                                  Great-West Lifeco Inc. First Quarter 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis              27


                                           B  28                                                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Management's Discussion and Analysis



OSFI Regulatory Capital Initiatives
Canada Life is now reporting under revised capital requirements for Segregated Fund Guarantee Risk that OSFI has introduced
with its 2025 LICAT Guideline, effective January 1, 2025.

Return on Equity (ROE)
                                                                                                                                                       Mar. 31              Dec. 31
                                                                                                                                                        2025             2024 (Restated)
    Base ROE1 by segment
      United States                                                                                                                                           18.6 %                 18.1 %
      Canada                                                                                                                                                  16.6 %                 17.1 %
      Europe                                                                                                                                                  16.2 %                 16.1 %
      Capital and Risk Solutions                                                                                                                              42.2 %                 42.2 %
    Lifeco base ROE excluding Corporate1                                                                                                                      19.3 %                 19.3 %
    Consolidated base ROE1                                                                                                                                    17.2 %                 17.5 %
                                         2
    ROE - continuing operations by segment
      United States                                                                                                                                           16.7 %                 15.8 %
      Canada                                                                                                                                                  18.5 %                 19.7 %
      Europe                                                                                                                                                  14.9 %                 15.9 %
      Capital and Risk Solutions                                                                                                                              27.8 %                 32.3 %
    Lifeco ROE excluding Corporate - continuing operations2                                                                                                   17.8 %                 18.6 %
    Consolidated ROE - continuing operations2                                                                                                                 15.6 %                 16.7 %
1
     This metric is a non-GAAP ratio. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details.
2
     Refer to the "Glossary" section of this document for additional details on the composition of this measure.




                                                                                                                                                                                                  PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
The Company has a capital allocation methodology which tracks allocated capital required by each segment on a standalone
basis.
Lifeco's consolidated base ROE as at March 31, 2025 decreased by 0.3 percentage points compared to December 31, 2024. The
decrease was primarily due to higher average equity over the trailing four quarters ended March 31, 2025.
Lifeco's consolidated ROE as at March 31, 2025 decreased by 1.1 percentage points compared to December 31, 2024. The
decrease was primarily due to lower earnings and higher average equity over the trailing four quarters ended March 31, 2025.

Ratings
Lifeco and its operating companies maintain ratings from five independent ratings companies. Credit ratings1 are intended to
provide investors with an independent measure of the credit quality of a corporation and securities of a corporation and are
indicators of the likelihood of payment and the capacity of a corporation to meet its obligations in accordance with the terms of
each obligation.
Lifeco and its major operating subsidiaries, are assigned a group rating from each rating agency. This group rating is
predominantly supported by leading positions in the Canadian insurance market and competitive positions in the U.S. and
Europe. Each of Lifeco's operating companies benefit from the strong implicit financial support and collective ownership by
Lifeco.
During the first quarter of 2025, the existing credit ratings for Lifeco and its major operating subsidiaries were unchanged. As of
March 31, 2025, all agency outlooks for Lifeco’s rated entities were unchanged at stable.
For a complete listing of credit ratings for Great-West Lifeco and its major operating subsidiaries, please refer to the "Investor
Relations" section of the Company's website at www.greatwestlifeco.com.




1
     These ratings are not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold the securities of the Company or its subsidiaries and do not address market price or other factors that might determine
     suitability of a specific security for a particular investor. The ratings also may not reflect the potential impact of all risks on the value of securities and are subject to revision or
     withdrawal at any time by the rating agency.


                                                                                                  Great-West Lifeco Inc. First Quarter 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis            28


                                     P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                              B  29
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis



                                  Risk Management

                                  The Company’s Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) Framework facilitates the alignment of business strategy with risk
                                  appetite, informs and improves the deployment of capital; and supports the identification, mitigation and management of
                                  exposure to potential losses and risk. The Company’s Risk Function is responsible for developing and maintaining the Risk
                                  Appetite Framework (RAF), the supporting risk policies and risk limit structure, and provides independent risk oversight across
                                  the Company’s operations. The Board of Directors is ultimately accountable and responsible for the Company's risk
                                  governance and associated risk policies. These include the ERM Policy, which establishes the guiding principles of risk
                                  management, and the RAF, which reflects the levels and types of risk that the Company is willing to accept to achieve its
                                  business objectives.
                                  During the three months ended March 31, 2025, there were no significant changes to the Company's risk management and
                                  control practices. Refer to the Company's 2024 Annual MD&A for a detailed description of the Company's risk management
                                  and control practices.

                                  Exposures and Sensitivities
                                  Insurance and Investment Contract Liabilities
                                  In determining the Company’s insurance contract liabilities, valuation assumptions are made regarding rates of mortality/
                                  morbidity, investment returns, levels of operating expenses, rates of policy termination and rates of utilization of elective policy
                                  options or provisions. When the assumptions are revised to reflect emerging experience or change in outlook, the result is a
                                  change in the value of liabilities which in turn affects the Company’s earnings.
                                  Financial Exposures and Sensitivities
                                  The following table illustrates the approximate impact to the Company’s shareholders' net earnings that would arise as a result




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  of changes to management’s best estimate of certain assumptions. A description of the methodologies used to calculate the
                                  Company's financial risk sensitivities is included in the "Summary of Critical Accounting Estimates" section of the Company's
                                  Annual MD&A for the year ended December 31, 2024. For changes in financial assumptions, the sensitivity is shown net of the
                                  corresponding impact on earnings of the change in the value of liabilities and the value of assets supporting liabilities. The
                                  sensitivities to shareholders' net earnings, base earnings, shareholders' equity and CSM to changes in financial assumptions
                                  shown below have been rounded to the nearest $25 million.
                                  The impact to shareholders' net earnings from an immediate 50 basis point increase or decrease in credit spreads is illustrated
                                  in the table below, with no change to the ultimate illiquidity premium. Actual impacts of credit spread changes will vary
                                  depending on the geographies where the changes occur, and the changes in credit spreads by term. A change in credit spreads
                                  may also lead to a change in the allowance for credit risk within the discount rate, depending on prevailing market and credit
                                  conditions at the time; any potential earnings impacts that may arise from such a change are not reflected in the sensitivities
                                  below.




                                                                                                            Great-West Lifeco Inc. First Quarter 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis   29


                                       B  30                                      P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Management's Discussion and Analysis



    Financial exposures and sensitivities
                                                                             Shareholders' net                 Shareholders'
                                                                                 earnings                         equity                      CSM1                        LICAT2
                                                                             Mar. 31         Dec. 31        Mar. 31         Dec. 31     Mar. 31     Dec. 31       Mar. 31          Dec. 31
                                                                              2025            2024           2025            2024        2025        2024          2025             2024
    Investment returns:
       Change in risk free interest rates
           50 basis points increase                                        $        125 $          125 $           100 $             75 $     50 $         50     0 point           (1 point)
           50 basis points decrease                                                (150)          (150)           (150)            (125)    (100)        (100) < (1 point)         < 1 point
       Change in credit spreads
           50 basis points increase                                        $        225 $          250 $           300 $            325 $     25 $         50     0 point     0 point
           50 basis points decrease                                                (300)          (300)           (400)            (400)     (50)         (75) < (1 point) < (1 point)
       Change in publicly traded common stock values1
            20% increase                                                   $        100 $          100 $           550 $            525 $    375 $        450   < 1 point (1 point)
            10% increase                                                              50             50            275              250      175          225     0 point < (1 point)
            10% decrease                                                             (50)           (50)          (275)            (250)    (200)        (225) < (1 point) < 1 point
            20% decrease                                                           (100)          (100)           (550)            (525)    (350)        (425)   (1 point) < (1 point)
      Change in other non-fixed income asset values
         10% increase                                                      $        425 $          425 $           450 $            475 $     — $          —      < 1 point     1 point
         5% increase                                                                200            225             225              250       —            —        0 point < 1 point
         5% decrease                                                               (225)          (225)           (225)            (250)      —            —     < (1 point) < (1 point)
         10% decrease                                                              (450)          (450)           (475)            (500)      —            —       (1 point) (1 point)

1
     The impacts to the total contractual service margin (CSM) are pre-tax.




                                                                                                                                                                                                 PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
2
     LICAT sensitivities should be viewed as directional estimates only of the underlying sensitivities for the respective factors. Given the nature of these calculations, the Company cannot
     provide assurance that the actual impact on the Canada Life consolidated LICAT Ratio will be as indicated. LICAT sensitivities are rounded to the nearest point. As at December 31,
     2024, the LICAT sensitivities were prepared on a LICAT 2024 Guideline basis. As at March 31, 2025, the LICAT sensitivities were prepared under the LICAT 2025 Guideline.

Actual impacts of interest rate changes will vary depending upon the geography where the changes occur. Net earnings are
positively impacted by a parallel increase in interest rates and credit spreads in Canada, U.K. and the U.S., and are positively
impacted by a parallel decrease in interest rates in the eurozone. Actual impacts of interest rate changes also vary by the level of
change in interest rates by term. Therefore, actual impacts from interest rate changes may differ from the estimated impact of
parallel movements in all geographies, which is presented above.
The sensitivities above reflect the immediate impacts of shareholders' net earnings, shareholders' equity and the LICAT ratio
from market movements. If there is a sustained change in investment markets, impacts on earnings, shareholders' equity and
the LICAT ratio will change over time, due to a combination of factors including the impact of a sustained change on the run-
rate of base earnings.
The additional sensitivities below illustrate the approximate impact to the Company’s base earnings that would arise over a 12-
month period as a result of immediate changes to risk-free interest rates and publicly traded common stock values. The
sensitivities below are primarily reflected in asset-based fee income for the Company's Retirement and Wealth lines of
business, earnings on surplus and general account spread margins. The sensitivities below assume no subsequent changes in
interest rates and that equity markets achieve their expected returns thereafter. Under sustained changes to investment
markets, certain management actions and changes in policyholder behaviours are likely to occur, and are not reflected in the
below sensitivities.
The estimated impacts, rounded to the nearest $25 million, for the initial 12 months after the immediate change in interest
rates and equity markets (impacts beyond this period may differ) would be as follows:
        •     A 50 basis points immediate parallel decrease (increase) in risk-free interest rates would decrease (increase) the
              Company's base earnings by approximately $75 million.
        •     A 10% immediate decrease (increase) in publicly traded common stock values would decrease (increase) the
              Company's base earnings by approximately $200 million.
The potential impact on shareholders' net earnings of the Company does not take into account any future potential changes to
the Company's ultimate investment rate (UIR) assumptions. As at both March 31, 2025 and December 31 2024, the sensitivity of
shareholders' net earnings of the Company to a 10 basis point increase or decrease in the UIR in all geographies would be an
approximate increase of $25 million or a decrease of $25 million post-tax, respectively. In addition, as at both March 31, 2025
and December 31 2024, the sensitivity of the CSM of the Company to a 10 basis point increase or decrease in the UIR in all
geographies would be an increase of $50 million or a decrease of $50 million pre-tax, respectively.



                                                                                                  Great-West Lifeco Inc. First Quarter 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis           30


                                     P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                              B  31
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis


                                  Refer to the "Accounting Policies - Summary of Critical Accounting Estimates" section of the Company's Annual MD&A for the
                                  year ended December 31, 2024 for additional information on earnings sensitivities.

                                  International Financial Reporting Standards
                                  Due to the evolving nature of IFRS, there are a number of IFRS changes impacting the Company in 2025, as well as standards
                                  that could impact the Company in future reporting periods. The Company actively monitors future IFRS changes proposed by
                                  the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) to assess if the changes to the standards may have an impact on the
                                  Company's results or operations.
                                  Changes in Accounting Policies
                                  The Company adopted the amendments to IFRS for IAS 21, The Effects of Changes in Foreign Exchange Rates effective January 1,
                                  2025. The adoption of these amendments did not have a material impact on the Company's financial statements.
                                  For additional detail, refer to note 2 of the Company’s condensed consolidated interim unaudited financial statements for the
                                  period ended March 31, 2025.




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.




                                                                                                         Great-West Lifeco Inc. First Quarter 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis   31


                                       B  32                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Management's Discussion and Analysis



Other Information

Summary of Earnings Reclassifications
Summary of earnings reclassifications between operating segments and Corporate segment - Q1 2024
                                                                                                                           Capital and
                                             United States                Canada                    Europe                Risk Solutions        Corporate            Total
Base earnings - Q1 2024
presentation                                $               286      $               302      $                197        $         195     $               (2) $            978
Reclassifications:
 Expenses (pre-tax)                                            6                       12                        8                     4                (30)                  —
 Financing charges (pre-tax)                                  51                       39                       26                     7               (123)                  —
 Taxes                                                       (26)                     (13)                      (5)                   (1)                45                   —
Other impacts:
 PanAgora (after-tax)                                           4                      —                         —                    —                     (4)               —
 Franklin Templeton share dividends
 (after-tax)                                                 (21)                      —                         —                    —                  21                   —
 U.S. legacy insurance portfolios
 (after-tax)                                                    1                      —                         —                    —                     (1)               —
 GLWB product (after-tax)                                      1                       —                        —                    —                   (1)                  —
Total reclassifications                                       16                       38                       29                   10                 (93)                  —
Base earnings - Q1 2024
reclassified                                                302                      340                       226                  205                 (95)                 978
Total items excluded from base
earnings - Q1 2024 presentation                              (53)                      51                      (10)                  65                     —                53




                                                                                                                                                                                    PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
Total items excluded from base -
reclassifications                                              (7)                     —                         —                    —                     7                 —
Total items excluded from base
earnings - Q1 2024 reclassified                              (60)                      51                      (10)                  65                     7                53
Net earnings from continuing
operations                                  $               242      $               391      $                216        $         270     $           (88) $            1,031

Summary of earnings reclassifications between operating segments and Corporate segment - Q4 2024
                                                                                                                           Capital and
                                             United States                Canada                    Europe                Risk Solutions        Corporate            Total
Base earnings - Q4 2024
presentation                                $               367      $               321      $                231        $         223     $           (27) $            1,115
Reclassifications:
 Expenses (pre-tax)                                            8                       16                       11                     4                (39)                  —
 Financing charges (pre-tax)                                  53                       37                       25                     6               (121)                  —
 Taxes                                                       (28)                     (12)                       (7)                  (1)                48                   —
Other impacts:
 PanAgora (after-tax)                                          (1)                     —                         —                    —                     1                 —
 Franklin Templeton share dividends
 (after-tax)                                                 (14)                      —                         —                    —                  14                   —
 U.S. legacy insurance portfolios
 (after-tax)                                                   (5)                     —                         —                    —                     5                 —
 GLWB product (after-tax)                                      1                       —                        —                     —                  (1)                  —
Total reclassifications                                       14                       41                       29                    9                 (93)                  —
Base earnings - Q4 2024
reclassified                                                381                      362                       260                  232                (120)              1,115
Total items excluded from base
earnings - Q4 2024 presentation                              (63)                      15                       79                   (29)                   (1)                1
Total items excluded from base -
reclassifications                                             15                       —                         —                    —                 (15)                  —
Total items excluded from base
earnings - Q4 2024 reclassified                              (48)                      15                       79                   (29)               (16)                   1
Net earnings from continuing
operations                                  $               333      $               377      $                339        $         203     $          (136) $            1,116




                                                                                         Great-West Lifeco Inc. First Quarter 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis        32


                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                             B  33
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis



                                  Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios
                                  Non-GAAP Financial Measures
                                  The Company uses several non-GAAP financial measures to measure overall performance of the Company and to assess each
                                  of its business units. A financial measure is considered a non-GAAP measure for Canadian securities law purposes if it is
                                  presented other than in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) used for the Company's
                                  consolidated financial statements. The consolidated financial statements of the Company have been prepared in compliance
                                  with IFRS as issued by the IASB. Non-GAAP financial measures do not have a standardized meaning under GAAP and may not
                                  be comparable to similar financial measures presented by other issuers. Investors may find these financial measures useful in
                                  understanding how management views the underlying business performance of the Company.
                                  Base earnings (loss)
                                  Base earnings (loss) reflect management’s view of the underlying business performance of the Company and provides an
                                  alternate measure to understand the underlying business performance compared to IFRS net earnings.
                                  Base earnings (loss) exclude the following items from IFRS reported net earnings:
                                  •       Market-related impacts, where actual market returns in the current period are different than longer-term expected returns;
                                  •       Assumption changes and management actions that impact the measurement of assets and liabilities;
                                  •       Business transformation impacts which include acquisition and divestiture costs and restructuring and integration costs;
                                  •       Material legal settlements, material impairment charges related to goodwill and intangible assets, impacts of income tax
                                          rate changes on the remeasurement of deferred tax assets and liabilities and other tax impairments, net gains, losses or
                                          costs related to the disposition or acquisition of a business; net earnings (loss) from discontinued operations;
                                  •       The direct equity and interest rate impacts on the measurement of surplus assets and liabilities;




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  •       Amortization of acquisition related finite life intangible assets; and
                                  •       Other items that, when removed, assist in explaining the Company's underlying business performance.

                                      Lifeco

                                                                                                                                                                         For the three months ended
                                                                                                                                                                  Mar. 31                Dec. 31      Mar. 31
                                                                                                                                                                   2025                   2024         2024
                                      Base earnings                                                                                                          $           1,030 $              1,115 $        978

                                      Items excluded from Lifeco base earnings
                                        Market experience relative to expectations (pre-tax)                                                                 $             (113) $              59 $        136
                                               Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                                                   22               (21)         (29)
                                        Assumption changes and management actions (pre-tax)                                                                                  (42)               21             3
                                               Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                                                   10                (5)          (4)
                                        Business transformation impacts (pre-tax)1                                                                                           (13)              (34)         (67)
                                            Income tax (expense) benefit1                                                                                                      3                 4           18
                                        Amortization of acquisition-related finite life intangibles (pre-tax)1                                                               (51)              (51)         (50)
                                            Income tax (expense) benefit1                                                                                                     14                14           12
                                        Tax legislative changes and other tax impacts (pre-tax)1                                                                              —                 —            —
                                              Income tax (expense) benefit1                                                                                                   —                 14           34
                                        Total pre-tax items excluded from base earnings                                                                      $             (219) $              (5) $         22
                                        Impact of items excluded from base earnings on income taxes                                                                          49                  6            31
                                      Net earnings from continuing operations                                                                                $              860 $            1,116 $       1,031
                                        Net earnings (loss) from discontinued operations (post-tax)                                                                          —                  —           (115)
                                        Net gain from disposal of discontinued operations (post-tax)                                                                         —                  —             44
                                      Net earnings - common shareholders                                                                                     $              860 $            1,116 $        960

                                  1
                                       Included in other non-market related impacts.




                                                                                                                         Great-West Lifeco Inc. First Quarter 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis        33


                                           B  34                                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Management's Discussion and Analysis



    United States

                                                                                                                                          For the three months ended
                                                                                                                                                        Dec. 31              Mar. 31
                                                                                                                                     Mar. 31             2024                 2024
                                                                                                                                      2025             (Restated)           (Restated)
    Base earnings                                                                                                                $          365 $               381 $               302

    Items excluded from base earnings
      Market experience relative to expectations (pre-tax)                                                                       $             2 $                  (6) $                (3)
            Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                                                       —                    —                    1
      Business transformation impacts (pre-tax)1                                                                                               (1)               (19)                (44)
          Income tax (expense) benefit1                                                                                                        —                     5               12
      Amortization of acquisition-related finite life intangibles (pre-tax)1                                                                 (38)                (37)                (34)
            Income tax (expense) benefit1                                                                                                      10                    9                   8
    Net earnings from continuing operations                                                                                      $          338 $               333 $                242
      Net earnings (loss) from discontinued operations (post-tax)                                                                            —                   —                  (115)
      Net gain from disposal of discontinued operations (post-tax)                                                                           —                   —                    44
    Net earnings - common shareholders                                                                                           $          338 $               333 $               171

1
     Included in other non-market related impacts.


    Canada

                                                                                                                                          For the three months ended




                                                                                                                                                                                               PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                                                                                                                                        Dec. 31              Mar. 31
                                                                                                                                     Mar. 31             2024                 2024
                                                                                                                                      2025             (Restated)           (Restated)
    Base earnings                                                                                                                $          316 $               362 $               340

    Items excluded from base earnings
      Market experience relative to expectations (pre-tax)                                                                       $             (9) $              16 $               93
          Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                                                         (1)                  (7)              (26)
      Assumption changes and management actions (pre-tax)                                                                                      —                    —                  9
            Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                                                       —                    —                    (3)
      Business transformation impacts (pre-tax)1                                                                                               (2)                  (5)              (23)
          Income tax (expense) benefit1                                                                                                         1                    1                    6
      Amortization of acquisition-related finite life intangibles (pre-tax)1                                                                   (6)                  (6)                  (7)
          Income tax (expense) benefit1                                                                                                        2                    2                    2
      Tax legislative changes and other tax impacts (pre-tax)1                                                                                 —                    —                    —
            Income tax (expense) benefit1                                                                                                      —                  14                     —
    Net earnings - common shareholders                                                                                           $          301 $               377 $               391

1
     Included in other non-market related impacts.




                                                                                                Great-West Lifeco Inc. First Quarter 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis           34


                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                              B  35
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis



                                      Europe

                                                                                                                                                                         For the three months ended
                                                                                                                                                                                        Dec. 31            Mar. 31
                                                                                                                                                                  Mar. 31                2024               2024
                                                                                                                                                                   2025                (Restated)         (Restated)
                                      Base earnings                                                                                                          $              239 $              260 $              226

                                      Items excluded from base earnings
                                        Market experience relative to expectations (pre-tax)                                                                 $               (47) $             55 $               (15)
                                               Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                                                   11                    (9)                 3
                                        Assumption changes and management actions (pre-tax)                                                                                  (32)               26                     —
                                               Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                                                    8                    (6)                —
                                        Business transformation impacts (pre-tax)1                                                                                           (10)               23                     —
                                            Income tax (expense) benefit1                                                                                                       2                   (6)                —
                                        Amortization of acquisition-related finite life intangibles (pre-tax)1                                                                 (5)                  (6)                (6)
                                               Income tax (expense) benefit1                                                                                                   1                    2                   1
                                        Tax legislative changes impact (pre-tax)1                                                                                             —                     —                  —
                                              Income tax (expense) benefit1                                                                                                   —                     —                   7
                                      Net earnings - common shareholders                                                                                     $              167 $              339 $              216

                                  1
                                       Included in other non-market related impacts.


                                      Capital and Risk Solutions




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                                                                                                                                                         For the three months ended
                                                                                                                                                                                        Dec. 31            Mar. 31
                                                                                                                                                                  Mar. 31                2024               2024
                                                                                                                                                                   2025                (Restated)         (Restated)
                                      Base earnings                                                                                                          $              213 $              232 $              205

                                      Items excluded from base earnings
                                        Market experience relative to expectations (pre-tax)                                                                 $               (35) $             (23) $             49
                                            Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                                                       7                 (2)               (4)
                                        Assumption changes and management actions (pre-tax)                                                                                   (1)                (5)               (6)
                                            Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                                                      —                     1              (1)
                                        Tax legislative changes impact (pre-tax)1                                                                                             —                     —              —
                                              Income tax (expense) benefit1                                                                                                   —                     —              27
                                      Net earnings - common shareholders                                                                                     $              184 $              203 $              270

                                  1
                                       Included in other non-market related impacts.




                                                                                                                         Great-West Lifeco Inc. First Quarter 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis                 35


                                           B  36                                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Management's Discussion and Analysis



    Corporate

                                                                                                                                          For the three months ended
                                                                                                                                                       Dec. 31              Mar. 31
                                                                                                                                     Mar. 31            2024                 2024
                                                                                                                                      2025            (Restated)           (Restated)
    Base earnings (loss)                                                                                                         $         (103) $             (120) $              (95)

    Items excluded from base earnings (loss)
      Market experience relative to expectations (pre-tax)                                                                       $           (24) $               17 $              12
             Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                                                       5                  (3)                  (3)
      Assumption changes and management actions (pre-tax)                                                                                       (9)                —                    —
             Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                                                       2                  —                    —
                                                        1
      Business transformation impacts (pre-tax)                                                                                                —                 (33)                   —
             Income tax (expense) benefit1                                                                                                     —                   4                    —
      Amortization of acquisition-related finite life intangibles (pre-tax)1                                                                    (2)                (2)                  (3)
             Income tax (expense) benefit1                                                                                                      1                  1                    1
    Net earnings (loss) - common shareholders                                                                                    $         (130) $             (136) $              (88)

1
     Included in other non-market related impacts.

Base earnings - pre-tax
Represents base earnings (loss) before income taxes, earnings (losses) attributable to non-controlling interests and preferred
share dividends.




                                                                                                                                                                                              PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
    Lifeco

                                                                                                                                          For the three months ended

                                                                                                                                     Mar. 31           Dec. 31      Mar. 31
                                                                                                                                      2025              2024         2024
    Base earnings (pre-tax)                                                                                                      $        1,282 $           1,362 $      1,230

    Items excluded from Lifeco base earnings (pre-tax)
        Market experience relative to expectations (pre-tax)                                                                     $          (113) $               59 $             136
        Assumption changes and management actions (pre-tax)                                                                                    (42)               21                    3
        Business transformation impacts (pre-tax)1                                                                                             (13)             (34)               (67)
        Amortization of acquisition-related finite life intangibles (pre-tax)1                                                                 (51)             (51)               (50)
      Total pre-tax items excluded from base earnings                                                                            $          (219) $                (5) $            22
      Participating account                                                                                                                    15                 31                    6
    Earnings before income taxes                                                                                                 $        1,078 $             1,388 $            1,258

1
     Included in other non-market related impacts.

Assets under administration (AUA), assets under management or advisement (AUMA), and client assets
Assets under administration, assets under management or advisement and client assets are non-GAAP financial measures.
These measures provide an indication of the size and volume of the Company's overall business. Administrative services are an
important aspect of the overall business of the Company and should be considered when comparing volumes, size and trends.
Total assets under administration includes assets under management or advisement (AUMA), assets under administration only
(AUAO), the total of which is total client assets, and other balance sheet assets.
Client assets represents the total client assets under management or advisement plus assets under administration only for the
Company's Retirement and Wealth lines of business.
Client assets are classified as AUMA where the Company earns a fee for one or more of the following services: investment
management services for proprietary funds or institutional assets, discretionary portfolio management on behalf of clients,
and/or the provision of financial advice. AUMA relate to the Company's Retirement and Wealth lines of business only.
Refer to the "Glossary" section of this document for the definition of AUAO.
Other balance sheet assets include insurance contract assets, reinsurance contract assets, goodwill and intangible assets, other
assets, as well as the portion of invested assets and investments on account of segregated fund policyholders not included
within total client assets.

                                                                                                Great-West Lifeco Inc. First Quarter 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis          36


                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                             B  37
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis



                                      Lifeco1

                                                                                                                                                                                                  Dec. 31             Mar. 31
                                                                                                                                                                            Mar. 31                2024                2024
                                                                                                                                                                             2025                (Restated)          (Restated)
                                      Assets under administration
                                      Assets under management or advisement                                                                                            $     1,013,530 $               1,006,384 $       917,836
                                      Assets under administration only2                                                                                                      1,993,588                 2,026,945       1,738,875
                                      Total client assets                                                                                                              $     3,007,118 $               3,033,329 $     2,656,711
                                      Other assets on balance sheet                                                                                                            230,983                   232,969         198,453
                                      Total assets under administration                                                                                                $     3,238,101 $               3,266,298 $     2,855,164
                                      of which: Total balance sheet assets                                                                                             $        804,144 $               802,163 $        736,722
                                      of which: Invested assets                                                                                                        $        247,807 $               243,785 $        227,673

                                  1
                                       Total Lifeco assets under administration includes assets under management related to PanAgora Asset Management included in the Corporate segment.
                                  2
                                       Refer to the "Glossary" section of this document for additional detail regarding these metrics.


                                      United States
                                                                                                                                                                                                  Dec. 31             Mar. 31
                                                                                                                                                                            Mar. 31                2024                2024
                                                                                                                                                                             2025                (Restated)          (Restated)
                                      Assets under administration
                                      Assets under management or advisement                                                                                            $        513,132 $               507,615 $        466,148
                                      Assets under administration only1                                                                                                      1,986,093                 2,019,475       1,732,426
                                      Total client assets                                                                                                              $     2,499,225 $               2,527,090 $     2,198,574




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                      Other assets on balance sheet                                                                                                             51,647                    56,602          35,556
                                      Total assets under administration                                                                                                $     2,550,872 $               2,583,692 $     2,234,130
                                      of which: Total balance sheet assets                                                                                             $        337,243 $               342,253 $        313,718
                                      of which: Invested assets                                                                                                        $         91,468 $                89,768 $         86,104

                                  1
                                       Refer to the "Glossary" section of this document for additional detail regarding these metrics.


                                      Canada

                                                                                                                                                                                                  Dec. 31             Mar. 31
                                                                                                                                                                            Mar. 31                2024                2024
                                                                                                                                                                             2025                (Restated)          (Restated)
                                      Assets under administration
                                      Assets under management or advisement                                                                                            $        193,387 $               194,456 $        180,375
                                      Assets under administration only1                                                                                                            2,972                  2,888            2,737
                                      Total client assets                                                                                                              $        196,359 $               197,344 $        183,112
                                      Other assets on balance sheet                                                                                                             110,067                 108,628          100,010
                                      Total assets under administration                                                                                                $        306,426 $               305,972 $        283,122
                                      of which: Total balance sheet assets                                                                                             $        227,254 $               226,873 $        210,404
                                      of which: Invested assets                                                                                                        $          99,429 $               98,262 $         90,479

                                  1
                                       Refer to the "Glossary" section of this document for additional detail regarding these metrics.


                                      Europe

                                                                                                                                                                                                  Dec. 31             Mar. 31
                                                                                                                                                                            Mar. 31                2024                2024
                                                                                                                                                                             2025                (Restated)          (Restated)
                                      Assets under administration
                                      Assets under management or advisement                                                                                            $        260,760 $               256,126 $        226,149
                                      Assets under administration only1                                                                                                           4,523                   4,582            3,712
                                      Total client assets                                                                                                              $        265,283 $               260,708 $        229,861
                                      Other assets on balance sheet                                                                                                              57,256                  56,031           53,870
                                      Total assets under administration                                                                                                $        322,539 $               316,739 $        283,731
                                      of which: Total balance sheet assets                                                                                             $        227,634 $               221,329 $        203,583
                                      of which: Invested assets                                                                                                        $         45,334 $                44,321 $         42,457

                                  1
                                       Refer to the "Glossary" section of this document for additional detail regarding these metrics.


                                                                                                                                   Great-West Lifeco Inc. First Quarter 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis                 37


                                           B  38                                                         P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Management's Discussion and Analysis



Non-GAAP Ratios
A non-GAAP ratio is a financial measure in the form of a ratio, fraction, percentage or similar representation that is not
disclosed in the financial statements of the Company and has a non-GAAP financial measure as one or more of its components.
These financial measures do not have a standardized definition under IFRS and might not be comparable to similar financial
measures disclosed by other issuers.
The non-GAAP ratios disclosed by the Company each use base earnings (loss) as the non-GAAP component. Base earnings
(loss) reflect management’s view of the underlying business performance of the Company and provides an alternate measure
to understand the underlying business performance compared to IFRS net earnings.
•   Base capital generation - This measure is expressed as a percentage of base earnings and provides a view of capital
    generated or consumed by the business above the Company's internal operating target level for capital. Base capital
    generation is calculated as base earnings plus the organic CSM and risk adjustment (RA) movements, if applicable, less the
    change in required capital related to new business and the run-off of in-force business at the Company's internal operating
    target level. These items exclude the impact of participating business and the conceptually similar items as those excluded
    from base earnings.
    •   Organic CSM movement refers to CSM (excluding participating products), plus impact of new insurance business,
        plus expected movements from asset returns and locked-in rates, plus CSM recognized for services provided, plus
        insurance experience gains and losses.
•   Base dividend payout ratio - Dividends paid to common shareholders are divided by base earnings (loss).
•   Base earnings per share - Base earnings (loss) for the period is divided by the number of average common shares
    outstanding for the period.
•   Base earnings per share (diluted) - Base earnings (loss) for the period is divided by the number of average common




                                                                                                                                                                            PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
    shares outstanding on a diluted basis for the period.
•   Base return on equity - Base earnings (loss) for the trailing four quarters are divided by the average common
    shareholders' equity over the trailing four quarters. This measure provides an indicator of business unit profitability.
•   Effective income tax rate - base earnings - common shareholders - Calculated by adjusting the Company's reported
    income taxes and net earnings before income taxes attributable to common shareholders to remove the impact of items
    excluded from base earnings, to calculate the effective income tax rates for common shareholders.
•   Efficiency ratio - Calculated on a trailing four quarter basis as pre-tax non-par base operating and administrative expenses
    divided by the sum of pre-tax base earnings and pre-tax non-par base operating and administrative expenses.
•   Pre-tax base operating margin - Pre-tax operating earnings expressed as a percentage of fee and spread income.
•   Price/base earnings ratio - The Company's closing share price divided by its base earnings per share on a trailing four
    quarter basis.

Glossary
•   Asset-based fee income - Represents fee income earned that is directly tied to the level of client assets under advisement,
    management or administration; including segregated fund products.
•   Asset-based expenses and commissions - Represents the variable expenses (such as asset-based commissions &
    bonuses, managed account expenses, sub-advisor and fund manager costs) incurred when generating fee and other
    income
•   Assets under administration only (AUAO) - Client assets are classified as AUAO where the Company only provides
    administration services for which the Company earns fees and other income. These assets are beneficially owned by the
    clients and the Company does not direct the investing activities. Services provided relating to assets under administration
    include recordkeeping, safekeeping, collecting investment income, settling of transactions or other administrative
    services. Administrative services are an important aspect of the overall business of the Company and should be considered
    when comparing volumes, size and trends. Assets included in AUAO are not included in AUMA.
•   Assumption changes and management actions - The net earnings impact of: (i) revisions to the methodologies and
    assumptions used in the measurement of the Company’s assets, insurance contract liabilities and investment contract
    liabilities, and (ii) actions taken by management in the current reporting period which include, but are not limited to,
    changes in in-force product features (including prices), and new or revised reinsurance deals on in-force business.
    Assumption changes and management actions are excluded from base earnings.




                                                                                    Great-West Lifeco Inc. First Quarter 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis     38


                       P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                             B  39
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis


                                  •   Average client assets - Calculated as the average of the opening and ending balances of client assets during the reporting
                                      period using daily balances where available and monthly or quarterly balances when daily balances are unavailable.
                                  •   Business transformation impacts - Business transformation impacts include acquisition and divestiture costs as well as
                                      restructuring and integration costs.
                                  •   Book value per common share - Measure is calculated by dividing Lifeco's common shareholders' equity by the number
                                      of common shares outstanding at the end of the period.
                                  •   Contractual service margin (CSM) - The CSM of a group of insurance contracts represents the unearned profit that the
                                      Company expects to recognize in the future as it provides services under those contracts. On initial recognition of a group
                                      of insurance contracts, if the total of the fulfillment cash flows, any derecognized assets for insurance acquisition cash
                                      flows, and any cash flows arising at that date is a net inflow, the group of contracts is non-onerous. In this case, the CSM is
                                      measured as the equal and opposite amount of the net inflow, which results in no net income or expenses arising on initial
                                      recognition.
                                  •   Common shareholders' equity - A financial measure comprised of the following items from Lifeco's balance sheet: share
                                      capital - common shares, accumulated surplus, accumulated other comprehensive income and contributed surplus.
                                  •   Dividend payout ratio - Dividends paid to common shareholders are divided by net earnings - common shareholders.
                                  •   Drivers of earnings (DOE) - Drivers of earnings analysis provides additional detail on the primary sources of Lifeco's
                                      earnings and is a consistent presentation across Canadian insurance industry peers. The DOE view presents net earnings
                                      attributable to common shareholders, comprising base earnings on a DOE basis and items excluded from base earnings.
                                      For base insurance service result, the DOE view provides detail on expected insurance earnings, the impact of new
                                      business and experience gains and losses. For base net investment result, the DOE view provides detail on expected
                                      investment earnings, credit experience, trading activity and earnings on surplus. Base other income and expenses are
                                      presented separately in the DOE view with additional detail on net fee and spread income, non-directly attributable and




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                      other expenses, income taxes on base earnings, non-controlling interests, preferred dividends and other items.
                                  •   Financial leverage ratio - Defined as debt, hybrid securities, and preferred shares divided by total consolidated
                                      capitalization. The denominator also includes the after-tax non-participating CSM balance in the denominator, other than
                                      CSM associated with segregated fund guarantees. This reflects that the CSM represents future profit and is considered
                                      available capital under LICAT.
                                  •   General Measurement Model (GMM) - The Company applies this measurement model to all insurance contracts not
                                      measured under the PAA or VFA measurement models.
                                  •   Gross operating and administrative expenses - Gross operating and administrative expenses is a non-GAAP financial
                                      measure, which excludes certain insurance-related expenses, commissions and sub-advisory fees.
                                  •   Group Benefits in-force premiums (insured) - Represents the value of in-force premiums at the end of the reporting
                                      period where Lifeco underwrites the insurance risks of a group benefits solution. The Company may express the period-
                                      over-period net change in group life and health book premiums excluding the impact of foreign currency translation,
                                      which represents the net impact of new sales, terminations and organic growth of in-force business for the period.
                                  •   Group Benefits fee and other income (ASO & other fee-based products) - Represents administrative services only (ASO)
                                      and other fee-based income where clients self-insure the products and the Company administers it on their behalf, and
                                      other ancillary services.
                                  •   Impact of currency movement (constant currency basis) - Items impacting the Company's Consolidated Statements of
                                      Earnings, such as income and benefits and expenses and net earnings, are translated into Canadian dollars at an average
                                      rate for the period. These measures highlight the impact of changes in currency translation rates on Canadian dollar
                                      equivalent IFRS results and have been calculated using the average rates, as shown below, in effect at the date of the
                                      comparative period. These measures provide useful information as it facilitates the comparability of results between
                                      periods.

                                                                                                                                 Period ended
                                                                                                                 March 31, 2025                March 31, 2024
                                                               United States dollar                                       1.43                          1.35
                                                               British pound                                              1.81                          1.71
                                                               Euro                                                       1.51                          1.46
                                  •   Market experience relative to expectations - The net earnings impact related to the direct equity and interest rate market
                                      impacts on insurance and investment contract liabilities, net of hedging, and related deferred tax liabilities, which
                                      includes:

                                                                                                                Great-West Lifeco Inc. First Quarter 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis   39


                                       B  40                                          P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Management's Discussion and Analysis


    •   the impact of hedge ineffectiveness related to segregated fund guarantee liabilities that are hedged and the
        performance of the related hedge assets;
    •   the impact on segregated fund guarantee liabilities not hedged;
    •   the market-related impacts that are different than expectations on surplus assets, general account assets and the
        insurance and investment contract liabilities they support; and
    •   other market impacts on general account assets and the insurance and investment contract liabilities they support
        that cannot be attributed to expectations within the period.
•   Net asset flows - Indicator of the Company's ability to attract and retain business. Net asset flows are measured by the
    following:
    •   Canada net asset flows include cash inflows and outflows related to segregated fund assets and proprietary and non-
        proprietary mutual funds.
    •   Europe net asset flows include cash inflows and outflows related to segregated fund assets, proprietary mutual funds
        and institutional assets as well as other assets under administration.
    •   Empower net asset flows include cash inflows and outflows related to segregated fund assets, general fund assets,
        proprietary and non-proprietary mutual funds as well as other assets under management.
    •   PanAgora net asset flows include institutional sales and redemptions.
•   Net earnings from continuing operations - Defined as net earnings - common shareholders less net earnings (loss) from
    discontinued operations and the net gain from disposal of discontinued operations. The discontinued operations
    represent the results of Putnam Investments. On January 1, 2024, Lifeco completed the previously announced sale of
    Putnam Investments to Franklin Resources, Inc., operating as "Franklin Templeton".




                                                                                                                                                                            PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
•   Net fee and spread income - Fee and spread income less asset-based expenses and commissions.
•   Non-par base operating and administrative expenses - Non-participating base operating and administrative expenses
    exclude business transformation costs and other expenses that are excluded from base earnings.
•   Office of the Superintendent of Financial Institutions Canada (OSFI) - Is an independent Canadian federal government
    agency that regulates and supervises federally regulated financial institutions and pension plans to determine whether
    they are in sound financial condition and meeting their requirements.
•   Other fee income - Represents other fee income earned that is not directly tied to the level of client assets; and the total
    base insurance service result related to unit-linked, unitized with profits and variable annuity products offered by the
    Wealth line of business.
•   Premium Allocation Approach (PAA) - The Company applies this measurement model to contracts with coverage
    periods of one year or less and those that are relatively stable and have low variability in fulfillment cash flows. Low
    variability in fulfillment cash flows indicates that no significant difference in measurement exists when compared to the
    general measurement model (GMM).
•   Price/book value ratio - The Company's closing share price divided by its book value per share.
•   Price/earnings ratio - The Company's closing share price divided by its net earnings per share on a trailing four quarter
    basis.
•   Return on equity (ROE) - continuing operations - Net earnings from continuing operations for the trailing four quarters
    are divided by the average common shareholders' equity over the trailing four quarters. This measure provides an
    indicator of business unit profitability.
•   Sales - Sales are measured according to product type:
    •   For risk-based Insurance & Annuities products, sales include 100% of single premium and annualized premiums
        expected in the first twelve months of the plan.
    •   Group Benefits (insured) sales reflect annualized premiums and premium equivalents for new policies and new
        benefits covered or expansion of coverage on existing policies on business where the Company underwrites the
        insurance risks of a group benefits solution.
    •   Group Benefits (ASO & other fee-based products) sales reflect annualized premiums and premium equivalents for
        new policies and new benefits covered or expansion of coverage on existing policies where clients self-insure the
        products and the Company administers it on their behalf, and other ancillary services.


                                                                                    Great-West Lifeco Inc. First Quarter 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis     40


                       P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                             B  41
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis


                                  •       Segmented common shareholders' equity - The Company has a capital allocation methodology which tracks allocated
                                          capital required by each segment on a standalone basis.
                                          The capital allocation methodology allows the Company to calculate comparable ROE for each business unit. These ROEs
                                          are therefore based on the capital the business unit has been allocated. IFRS does not prescribe the calculation of ROE and
                                          therefore a comparable measure under IFRS is not available.
                                  •       Spread income - Represents spread income earned on general account investment products which represents the
                                          difference between earned rates and rates credited to clients; and other net investment income.
                                  •       Variable Fee Approach (VFA) - The Company applies this measurement model to contracts with direct participating
                                          features such as participating insurance and segregated fund business with insurance guarantees, where an investment
                                          return is provided to the policyholder based on a defined pool of items (e.g., a portfolio of assets).

                                  Disclosure Controls and Procedures
                                  The Company’s disclosure controls and procedures are designed to provide reasonable assurance that information relating to
                                  the Company which is required to be disclosed in reports filed under provincial and territorial securities legislation is: (a)
                                  recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the provincial and territorial securities
                                  legislation, and (b) accumulated and communicated to the Company's senior management, including the President and Chief
                                  Executive Officer and the Executive Vice-President and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions
                                  regarding required disclosure.

                                  Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
                                  The Company’s internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
                                  financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with IFRS. The Company’s
                                  management is responsible for establishing and maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting. All internal




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  control systems have inherent limitations and may become ineffective because of changes in conditions. Therefore, even those
                                  systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and
                                  presentation.
                                  There have been no changes during the three months ended March 31, 2025 that have materially affected, or are reasonably
                                  likely to materially affect, the Company's internal control over financial reporting.

                                  Transactions with Related Parties
                                  Related party transactions have not changed materially from December 31, 2024.

                                  Quarterly Financial Information
                                      Quarterly financial information
                                      (in $ millions, except per share amounts)

                                                                                                                2025                                  2024                                                    2023
                                                                                                                 Q1             Q4              Q3              Q2              Q1             Q4              Q3        Q2
                                       Insurance revenue                                                    $    5,486 $         5,399 $         5,292 $         5,273 $        5,250 $         5,174 $        5,110 $    5,081
                                       Net investment income                                                     2,335           2,685           2,249           2,409          2,340           2,431          2,271      2,061
                                       Changes in fair value on FVTPL assets                                     1,259          (2,981)          6,906           (864)         (1,385)        11,042          (5,457)    (2,668)
                                       Fee and other income                                                      1,911           1,952           1,806           1,794          1,672           1,558          1,450      1,466
                                                       1
                                      Total revenue                                                         $ 10,991 $           7,055 $ 16,253 $                8,612 $        7,877 $ 20,205 $               3,374 $    5,940
                                                                                             2
                                      Net earnings from continuing operations
                                         Total                                                              $       860 $        1,116 $           859 $         1,005 $        1,031 $               743 $      936 $      569
                                         Basic - per share                                                         0.92            1.20            0.92           1.08            1.10            0.80          1.01       0.61
                                         Diluted - per share                                                       0.92            1.19            0.92           1.08            1.10            0.79          1.00       0.61

                                      Net earnings - Common Shareholders
                                         Total                                                              $      860 $         1,116 $           859 $         1,005 $           960 $           740 $         905 $      498
                                         Basic - per share                                                         0.92           1.20             0.92           1.08            1.03            0.79          0.97       0.53
                                         Diluted - per share                                                       0.92           1.19             0.92           1.08            1.03            0.79          0.97       0.53

                                  1
                                       Total revenue and its components exclude revenue from discontinued operations related to Putnam Investments.
                                  2
                                       Refer to the "Glossary" section of this document for additional details on the composition of this measure.




                                                                                                                                  Great-West Lifeco Inc. First Quarter 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis              41


                                           B  42                                                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Management's Discussion and Analysis



Total revenue
Total revenue for the first quarter of 2025 was $11.0 billion and comprises insurance revenue of $5.5 billion ($5.3 billion for the
same quarter last year), net investment income of $2.3 billion ($2.3 billion for the same quarter last year), changes in fair value
through profit or loss on investment assets of positive $1.3 billion (negative $1.4 billion for the same quarter last year) and fee
and other income of $1.9 billion ($1.7 billion for the same quarter last year).
Insurance revenue
Insurance revenue for the first quarter of 2025 was $5.5 billion, an increase of $0.2 billion compared to the same quarter last
year, primarily due to growth in the business resulting in higher CSM recognized for services as well as the impact of currency
movement.
Total net investment income
Total net investment income, which includes net investment income and changes in fair value on FVTPL assets, for the first
quarter of 2025 increased by $2.6 billion compared to the same quarter last year. The changes in fair value in the first quarter of
2025 were an increase of $1.3 billion compared to a decrease of $1.4 billion in the first quarter of 2024, primarily due to an
increase in bond volumes in Canada. Net investment income in the first quarter of 2025 of $2.3 billion, which excludes changes
in fair value through profit or loss, was comparable to the same quarter last year. The strengthening of the U.S. dollar, British
pound and euro against the Canadian dollar was mostly offset by an increase of bond income in Canada, Capital and Risk
Solutions and Europe.
Fee and other income
Fee and other income for the first quarter of 2025 was $1.9 billion, an increase of $0.2 billion compared to the same quarter last
year, primarily due to higher average equity market levels and growth in business across segments as well as inflation-linked
fee increases in the Europe segment.
Net earnings




                                                                                                                                                                                PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
Lifeco's consolidated net earnings attributable to common shareholders were $860 million for the first quarter of 2025
compared to $960 million for the same quarter last year. On a per share basis, this represents $0.92 per common share ($0.92
diluted) for the first quarter of 2025 compared to $1.03 per common share ($1.03 diluted) a year ago.

Translation of Foreign Currency
Through its operating subsidiaries, Lifeco conducts business in multiple currencies. The four primary currencies are the
Canadian dollar, the U.S. dollar, the British pound and the euro. Throughout this document, foreign currency assets and
liabilities are translated into Canadian dollars at the market rate at the end of the reporting period. All income and expense
items are translated at an average rate for the period. The rates employed are:

Period ended                                                                                   Mar. 31                Dec. 31    Sept. 30          June 30            Mar. 31
                                                                                                 2025                   2024        2024             2024               2024
 United States dollar
 Balance sheet                                                                          $           1.44 $              1.44 $       1.35 $           1.37 $            1.35
 Income and expenses                                                                    $           1.43 $              1.40 $       1.36 $           1.37 $            1.35

 British pound
 Balance sheet                                                                          $           1.86 $              1.80 $       1.81 $           1.73 $            1.71
 Income and expenses                                                                    $           1.81 $              1.79 $       1.77 $           1.73 $            1.71

 Euro
 Balance sheet                                                                          $           1.56 $              1.49 $       1.51 $           1.47 $            1.46
 Income and expenses                                                                    $           1.51 $              1.49 $       1.50 $           1.47 $            1.46

Additional Information
Additional information relating to Lifeco, including Lifeco's most recent consolidated financial statements, CEO/CFO
certification and Annual Information Form are available at www.sedarplus.com.




                                                                                     Great-West Lifeco Inc. First Quarter 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis        42


                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                             B  43
                                  Consolidated Statements of Earnings (unaudited)



                                  (in Canadian $ millions except per share amounts)                                                                                         For the three months
                                                                                                                                                                              ended March 31
                                                                                                                                                                          2025                  2024
                                  Insurance service result
                                    Insurance revenue (note 8)                                                                                                 $                   5,486 $             5,250
                                    Insurance service expenses                                                                                                                    (4,276)              (4,067)
                                    Net expense from reinsurance contracts                                                                                                             (430)            (386)
                                                                                                                                                                                       780               797
                                  Net investment result
                                    Net investment income (note 5)                                                                                                                 2,335                2,340
                                    Changes in fair value on fair value through profit or loss assets (note 5)                                                                     1,259               (1,385)
                                                                                                                                                                                   3,594                 955
                                    Net finance income (expenses) from insurance contracts                                                                                        (1,426)                  27
                                    Net finance income (expenses) from reinsurance contracts                                                                                        (139)                 (51)
                                    Changes in investment contract liabilities                                                                                                    (1,608)               (171)
                                                                                                                                                                                       421               760
                                  Net investment result - insurance contracts on account of segregated fund policyholders
                                    Net investment income (loss)                                                                                                                       (250)           2,473
                                    Net finance income (expenses) from insurance contracts                                                                                             250             (2,473)
                                                                                                                                                                                         —                 —
                                  Other income and expenses
                                    Fee and other income                                                                                                                           1,911               1,672




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                    Operating and administrative expenses                                                                                                         (1,809)              (1,703)
                                    Amortization of finite life intangible assets                                                                                                      (111)            (100)
                                    Financing costs                                                                                                                                    (103)            (100)
                                    Restructuring and integration expenses                                                                                                              (11)              (68)
                                  Earnings before income taxes                                                                                                                     1,078               1,258
                                  Income taxes (note 14)                                                                                                                               157               169
                                  Net earnings from continuing operations before non-controlling interests                                                                             921             1,089
                                  Attributable to non-controlling interests                                                                                                             29                26
                                  Net earnings from continuing operations before preferred share dividends                                                                             892             1,063
                                  Preferred share dividends                                                                                                                             32                32
                                  Net earnings from continuing operations                                                                                                              860             1,031
                                  Net loss from discontinued operations                                                                                                                  —              (115)
                                  Net gain from disposal of discontinued operations                                                                                                      —                44
                                  Net earnings - common shareholders                                                                                           $                       860 $             960
                                  Earnings per common share (note 12)
                                    Basic                                                                                                                      $                       0.92 $           1.03
                                    Diluted                                                                                                                    $                       0.92 $           1.03
                                  Earnings per common share from continuing operations (note 12)
                                    Basic                                                                                                                      $                       0.92 $           1.10
                                    Diluted                                                                                                                    $                       0.92 $           1.10




                                                                                                                   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements          43


                                       B  44                                             P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (unaudited)



(in Canadian $ millions)                                                                                                                    For the three months
                                                                                                                                              ended March 31
                                                                                                                                          2025                      2024
Net earnings - common shareholders, before preferred dividends                                                                   $                   892 $                    992
Other comprehensive income (loss)
Items that may be reclassified subsequently to Consolidated Statements of Earnings
  Unrealized foreign exchange gains (losses) on translation of foreign operations                                                                    366                       256
  Foreign exchange translation gains reclassified to earnings on disposal of foreign operations                                                       —                       (211)
  Unrealized gains (losses) on hedges of the net investment in foreign operations                                                                   (138)                      (64)
       Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                                                                   11                         7
  Unrealized gains (losses) on bonds and mortgages at fair value through other comprehensive income                                                   71                       (42)
       Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                                                                  (16)                        9
  Realized (gains) losses on bonds and mortgages at fair value through other comprehensive income
    (note 5)                                                                                                                                            1                      19
       Income tax expense (benefit)                                                                                                                   —                         (5)
  Unrealized gains (losses) on cash flow hedges                                                                                                       71                        —
       Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                                                                  (19)                       —
  Realized (gains) losses on cash flow hedges                                                                                                        (58)                       (5)
       Income tax expense (benefit)                                                                                                                   16                         1
  Non-controlling interests                                                                                                                          (47)                      15
       Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                                                                   13                        (3)
  Total items that may be reclassified                                                                                                               271                       (23)
Items that will not be reclassified to Consolidated Statements of Earnings




                                                                                                                                                                                      PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
  Unrealized gains (losses) on stocks at fair value through other comprehensive income                                                               (47)                      (72)
      Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                                                                    —                        19
  Re-measurements on defined benefit pension and other post-employment benefit plans                                                                  25                      168
       Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                                                                    (7)                     (46)
  Non-controlling interests                                                                                                                            (2)                     (13)
       Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                                                                     1                        4
  Total items that will not be reclassified                                                                                                          (30)                      60
Total other comprehensive income                                                                                                                     241                       37
Comprehensive income                                                                                                             $                1,133 $                    1,029




                                                                                           Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements       44


                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                            B  45
                                  Consolidated Balance Sheets (unaudited)


                                  (in Canadian $ millions)                                                                                                          March 31             December 31
                                                                                                                                                                     2025                   2024
                                  Assets
                                  Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                  $                 9,943 $          10,709
                                  Bonds (note 5)                                                                                                                             170,989           167,114
                                  Mortgage loans (note 5)                                                                                                                     39,057            38,879
                                  Stocks (note 5)                                                                                                                             19,589            18,826
                                  Investment properties (note 5)                                                                                                               8,229             8,257
                                                                                                                                                                             247,807           243,785

                                  Insurance contract assets (note 9)                                                                                                           1,275             1,193
                                  Reinsurance contract held assets (note 9)                                                                                                   17,542            17,842
                                  Goodwill                                                                                                                                    11,467            11,428
                                  Intangible assets                                                                                                                            4,976             4,958
                                  Derivative financial instruments                                                                                                             2,339             2,431
                                  Owner occupied properties                                                                                                                      819               789
                                  Fixed assets                                                                                                                                   365               346
                                  Accounts and interest receivable                                                                                                             5,534             5,402
                                  Other assets                                                                                                                                16,025            15,265
                                  Current income taxes                                                                                                                           256               272
                                  Deferred tax assets                                                                                                                          2,116             2,066
                                  Investments on account of segregated fund policyholders (note 10)                                                                          493,623           496,386
                                  Total assets                                                                                                               $               804,144 $         802,163

                                  Liabilities
                                  Insurance contract liabilities (note 9)                                                                                    $               157,971 $         155,683
                                  Investment contract liabilities                                                                                                             92,033            90,157
                                  Reinsurance contract held liabilities (note 9)                                                                                                 780               795




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  Debentures and other debt instruments                                                                                                        9,540             9,469
                                  Derivative financial instruments                                                                                                             2,264             2,137
                                  Accounts payable                                                                                                                             2,901             3,524
                                  Other liabilities                                                                                                                           10,715            10,230
                                  Current income taxes                                                                                                                           358               294
                                  Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                                                       868               834
                                  Insurance contracts on account of segregated fund policyholders (note 10)                                                                   65,868            66,343
                                  Investment contracts on account of segregated fund policyholders                                                                           427,755           430,043
                                  Total liabilities                                                                                                                          771,053           769,509

                                  Equity
                                  Non-controlling interests
                                     Participating account surplus in subsidiaries                                                                                               3,105             3,041
                                     Non-controlling interests in subsidiaries                                                                                                      71                72
                                  Shareholders' equity
                                     Share capital
                                           Limited recourse capital notes                                                                                                      1,500             1,500
                                           Preferred shares                                                                                                                    2,720             2,720
                                           Common shares (note 11)                                                                                                             6,084             6,071
                                     Accumulated surplus                                                                                                                      17,459            17,266
                                     Accumulated other comprehensive income                                                                                                    2,017             1,776
                                     Contributed surplus                                                                                                                         135               208
                                  Total equity                                                                                                                                33,091            32,654
                                  Total liabilities and equity                                                                                               $               804,144 $         802,163




                                                                                                                 Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements       45


                                       B  46                                           P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity (unaudited)



(in Canadian $ millions)                                                                                             March 31, 2025
                                                                                                               Accumulated
                                                                                                                  other                              Non-
                                                                      Share           Contributed Accumulated comprehensive                       controlling           Total
                                                                     capital            surplus     surplus      income                            interests           equity
Balance, beginning of year                                      $        10,291 $                 208 $            17,266 $               1,776 $         3,113 $           32,654
Net earnings - common shareholders, before
  preferred dividends                                                          —                    —                  892                   —                29              921
Other comprehensive income                                                     —                    —                      —                241               35              276
                                                                         10,291                   208              18,158                 2,017           3,177             33,851
Dividends to shareholders
  Preferred shareholders (note 12)                                             —                    —                      (32)              —                —                 (32)
  Common shareholders                                                          —                    —                 (568)                  —                —               (568)
Shares exercised and issued under share-based
  payment plans (note 11)                                                      27                  (17)                    —                 —                16                26
Shares purchased and cancelled under normal
  course issuer bid (note 11)                                                  (14)                (63)                    (99)              —                —               (176)
Equity settlement of subsidiary's share-based plans                            —                    —                      —                 —                (7)                (7)
Share-based payment plans expense                                              —                     7                     —                 —                —                   7
Derecognition of non-controlling interest in
  subsidiary                                                                   —                    —                      —                 —               (10)               (10)
Balance, end of period                                          $        10,304 $                 135 $            17,459 $               2,017 $         3,176 $           33,091

                                                                                                                     March 31, 2024
                                                                                                                                   Accumulated




                                                                                                                                                                                       PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                                                                                                                      other            Non-
                                                                     Share            Contributed         Accumulated             comprehensive     controlling        Total
                                                                     capital            surplus             surplus                  income          interests         equity
Balance, beginning of year                                      $        10,220 $                 234 $            15,492 $                 890 $         3,015 $           29,851
Net earnings - common shareholders, before
  preferred dividends                                                          —                    —                  992                   —                26             1,018
Other comprehensive income (loss)                                              —                    —                      —                 37               (3)               34
                                                                         10,220                   234              16,484                   927           3,038             30,903
Dividends to shareholders
  Preferred shareholders (note 12)                                             —                    —                      (32)              —                —                 (32)
  Common shareholders                                                          —                    —                 (518)                  —                —               (518)
Shares exercised and issued under share-based
  payment plans (note 11)                                                      24                   (2)                    —                 —                    2             24
Shares purchased and cancelled under normal
  course issuer bid (note 11)                                                   (2)                 —                       (8)              —                —                 (10)
Impact of sale of discontinued operations                                      —                   (32)                    —                 —               (99)             (131)
Share-based payment plans expense                                              —                     3                     —                 —                —                  3
Balance, end of period                                          $        10,242 $                 203 $            15,926 $                 927 $         2,941 $           30,239




                                                                                          Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements         46


                             P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                              B  47
                                  Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (unaudited)



                                  (in Canadian $ millions)                                                                                                                  For the three months
                                                                                                                                                                              ended March 31
                                                                                                                                                                          2025                 2024
                                  Operations
                                    Earnings before income taxes                                                                                               $                   1,078 $             1,098
                                    Income taxes paid, net of refunds received                                                                                                         (113)            (110)
                                    Adjustments:
                                       Change in insurance contract liabilities                                                                                                      667                  (4)
                                       Change in investment contract liabilities                                                                                                   1,847              (2,593)
                                       Change in reinsurance contract held liabilities                                                                                                  (26)             26
                                       Change in reinsurance contract held assets                                                                                                      466              112
                                       Change in insurance contract assets                                                                                                              (65)             (87)
                                       Changes in fair value through profit or loss                                                                                               (1,259)              1,385
                                       Sales, maturities and repayments of portfolio investments                                                                                 13,182               10,348
                                       Purchases of portfolio investments                                                                                                       (14,479)              (8,972)
                                       Other                                                                                                                                      (1,465)               (950)
                                                                                                                                                                                       (167)            253
                                  Financing Activities
                                    Issue of common shares                                                                                                                              27               24
                                    Purchased and cancelled common shares                                                                                                              (113)             (10)
                                    Dividends paid on common shares                                                                                                                    (568)            (518)
                                    Dividends paid on preferred shares                                                                                                                  (32)             (32)




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                                                                                                                                                                       (686)            (536)
                                  Investment Activities
                                    Impact from sale of discontinued operations                                                                                                          —              (211)
                                    Investment in associates and joint ventures                                                                                                          (2)              (3)
                                                                                                                                                                                         (2)            (214)

                                  Effect of changes in exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents                                                                                      89               88
                                  Decrease in cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                                (766)            (409)
                                  Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year                                                                                                   10,709                8,117
                                  Cash and cash equivalents, end of period                                                                                     $                   9,943 $             7,708


                                  Supplementary cash flow information
                                    Interest income received                                                                                                   $                   1,944 $             1,802
                                    Interest paid                                                                                                                                       66               66
                                    Dividend income received                                                                                                                           108              136




                                                                                                                   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements         47


                                       B  48                                             P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)


(in Canadian $ millions except per share amounts and where otherwise indicated)

1.   Corporate Information
Great-West Lifeco Inc. (Lifeco or the Company) is a publicly listed company (Toronto Stock Exchange: GWO), incorporated
and domiciled in Canada. The registered address of the Company is 100 Osborne Street North, Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada,
R3C 1V3. Lifeco is a member of the Power Corporation of Canada (Power Corporation) group of companies and is a subsidiary
of Power Corporation.
Lifeco is a financial services holding company with interests in the life insurance, health insurance, retirement savings, wealth
and asset management, and reinsurance businesses, primarily in Canada, the United States and Europe through its operating
subsidiaries including The Canada Life Assurance Company (Canada Life) and Empower Annuity Insurance Company of
America (Empower).
The condensed consolidated interim unaudited financial statements (financial statements) of the Company as at and for the
three months ended March 31, 2025 were approved by the Board of Directors on May 7, 2025.

2.   Basis of Presentation and Summary of Material Accounting Policies
These financial statements should be read in conjunction with the Company's December 31, 2024 consolidated annual audited
financial statements and notes thereto.
The financial statements of the Company at March 31, 2025 have been prepared in compliance with the requirements of
International Accounting Standard (IAS) 34, Interim Financial Reporting as issued by the International Accounting Standards
Board (IASB) using the same accounting policies and methods of computation followed in the consolidated annual audited
financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2024 except as described below.




                                                                                                                                                                            PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
Changes in Accounting Policies
The Company adopted the amendments to IFRS for IAS 21, The Effects of Changes in Foreign Exchange Rates effective January 1,
2025. The adoption of these amendments did not have a material impact on the Company's financial statements.
Use of Significant Judgments, Estimates and Assumptions
In preparation of these financial statements, management is required to make significant judgments, estimates and
assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, net earnings and related disclosures. Although some
uncertainty is inherent in these judgments and estimates, management believes that the amounts recorded are reasonable. Key
sources of estimation uncertainty and areas where significant judgments have been made are further described in the relevant
accounting policies as described in note 2 of the Company's December 31, 2024 consolidated annual audited financial
statements and notes thereto.

3.   Business Acquisitions and Other Transactions

Sale of U.K. Onshore Bond Business
On December 23, 2024, Canada Life U.K. announced the signing of an agreement to transfer its onshore bond business to
Countrywide Assured plc (Countrywide), a subsidiary of Chesnara plc. Concurrently, the two parties entered into a reinsurance
agreement such that the risks and rewards of the underlying business are transferred to Countrywide. For the year ended
December 31, 2024, the transaction resulted in a net gain of $21 pre-tax, mainly driven by recognition of assets associated with
the reinsurance agreement. The underlying assets and the related liabilities on account of segregated fund policyholders, with
a carrying value of $2,746 as at March 31, 2025 ($2,750 as at December 31, 2024), are to be transferred to Countrywide pending
court approval, which is expected to occur towards the end of 2025.

4.   Restructuring and Integration Expenses

(a) Canada Restructuring
The Company recorded a restructuring provision of nil in Canada for the three months ended March 31, 2025. The Company
recorded a restructuring provision of $23 for the three months ended March 31, 2024 ($21 in the shareholder account and $2 in
the participating account). The restructuring is related to the transitioning of some of the information technology operations
functions to a managed service arrangement with an external provider. As at March 31, 2025, the Company has a provision of
$6 remaining in other liabilities related to this restructuring ($7 at December 31, 2024). The Company expects to utilize a
significant portion of these amounts during 2025.



                                                                                     Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements   48


                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                            B  49
                                  Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)



                                  (b) Empower Restructuring and Integration
                                  The Company recorded a restructuring provision of nil in the United States for the three months ended March 31, 2025 ($17 for
                                  the three months ended March 31, 2024). As at March 31, 2025, the Company has a provision of $1 remaining in other liabilities
                                  related to this restructuring ($10 at December 31, 2024). The restructuring is primarily attributable to staff reductions and other
                                  exit costs related to the Company's acquisition of the retirement services businesses of Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance
                                  Company and Prudential Financial, Inc. (Prudential). The Company expects to pay out a significant portion of these amounts
                                  during 2025.
                                  The Company recorded integration expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings of $1 for the three months ended
                                  March 31, 2025 ($28 for the three months ended March 31, 2024).

                                  5.          Portfolio Investments

                                  (a) Carrying Values and Estimated Fair Values of Portfolio Investments are as Follows:
                                                                                                                             March 31, 2025                                          December 31, 2024
                                                                                                              Carrying value                  Fair value                 Carrying value                  Fair value
                                      Bonds
                                        Fair value through profit or loss (FVTPL) - designated            $               154,355 $                     154,355 $                    151,369 $                 151,369
                                        FVTPL - mandatory                                                                     1,904                        1,904                         1,987                    1,987
                                        Fair value through other comprehensive income (FVOCI)                                14,730                      14,730                         13,758                   13,758
                                                                                                                          170,989                       170,989                      167,114                   167,114
                                      Mortgage loans
                                        FVTPL - designated                                                                   28,606                      28,606                         28,790                   28,790




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                        FVTPL - mandatory                                                                     5,097                        5,097                         4,818                    4,818
                                        FVOCI                                                                                   443                           443                            461                      461
                                        Amortized cost                                                                        4,911                        4,331                         4,810                    4,193
                                                                                                                             39,057                      38,477                         38,879                   38,262
                                      Stocks
                                        FVTPL - mandatory                                                                    17,689                      17,689                         16,896                   16,896
                                        FVOCI - designated 1                                                                    875                           875                            923                      923
                                        Equity method                                                                         1,025                        1,020                         1,007                    1,021
                                                                                                                             19,589                      19,584                         18,826                   18,840
                                      Investment properties                                                                   8,229                        8,229                         8,257                    8,257
                                      Total                                                               $               237,864 $                     237,279 $                    233,076 $                 232,473

                                  1
                                       Represents Franklin Templeton common shares received on the sale of Putnam Investments.

                                  (b) Net Investment Income Comprises the Following:
                                                                                                                               Mortgage                               Investment
                                      For the three months ended March 31, 2025                               Bonds             loans                Stocks            properties             Other            Total
                                      Net investment income:
                                        Investment income earned                                         $         1,788 $                386 $              144 $               139 $                (25) $      2,432
                                        Net realized losses on derecognition of FVOCI assets                            (1)                 —                   —                   —                 —                 (1)
                                        Net expected credit loss (ECL) recovery                                         —                    3                  —                   —                 —                 3
                                        Other income and expenses                                                       —                   —                   —                 (54)                (45)             (99)
                                                                                                                   1,787                  389                144                   85                 (70)        2,335
                                      Changes in fair value on FVTPL assets:
                                        FVTPL - designated                                                            696                 346                   —                   —              211            1,253
                                        FVTPL - mandatory                                                                8                (41)                 64                   —                 —                31
                                        Recorded at fair value                                                          —                   —                   —                 (25)                —                (25)
                                                                                                                      704                 305                  64                 (25)             211            1,259
                                      Total                                                              $         2,491 $                694 $              208 $                 60 $            141 $          3,594




                                                                                                                         Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements                 49


                                              B  50                                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)



                                                                                                  Mortgage                           Investment
For the three months ended March 31, 2024                                       Bonds              loans                Stocks        properties       Other             Total
Net investment income:
     Investment income earned                                               $        1,659 $                373 $            166 $           124 $           131 $           2,453
     Net realized losses on derecognition of FVOCI assets                                (19)                 —                  —            —                —                 (19)
     Net ECL recovery                                                                     —                    2                 —            —                —                  2
     Other income and expenses                                                            —                   —                  —           (46)              (50)              (96)
                                                                                     1,640                  375              166              78               81            2,340
Changes in fair value on FVTPL assets:
     FVTPL - designated                                                              (1,574)                 (70)                —            —             (305)            (1,949)
     FVTPL - mandatory                                                                      2                 40             588              —                —                 630
     Recorded at fair value                                                               —                   —                  —           (66)              —                 (66)
                                                                                     (1,572)                 (30)            588             (66)           (305)            (1,385)
Total                                                                       $             68 $              345 $            754 $            12 $          (224) $              955

Investment income from bonds and mortgages includes interest income, and premium and discount amortization. Investment
income from stocks includes dividends and distributions from private equity funds. Investment properties income includes
rental income earned on investment properties, ground rent income earned on leased and sub-leased land, fee recoveries,
lease cancellation income, and interest and other investment income earned on investment properties. Other investment
income includes foreign exchange gains and losses, income earned from derivative financial instruments, and equity method
income from the investments in IGM Financial Inc. (IGM) and other related parties.

6.      Risk Management




                                                                                                                                                                                        PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
The Company has policies relating to the identification, measurement, management, monitoring and reporting of risks
associated with financial instruments and insurance contracts. The key risks related to financial instruments are credit risk,
liquidity risk and market risk (currency, interest rate and equity). The Risk Committee of the Board of Directors is responsible
for the oversight of the Company's key risks. The Company's approach to risk management has not substantially changed from
that described in the Company's 2024 Annual Report. Certain risks have been outlined below. For a discussion of the
Company's risk governance structure and risk management approach see the "Risk Management" note in the Company's
December 31, 2024 consolidated annual audited financial statements.
The Company has also established policies and procedures designed to identify, measure and report all material risks.
Management is responsible for establishing capital management procedures for implementing and monitoring the capital
plan. The Board of Directors reviews and approves all capital transactions undertaken by management.
(a) Credit Risk
Credit risk is the risk of loss resulting from an obligor's potential inability or unwillingness to fully meet its contractual
obligations.
(i) Concentration of Credit Risk
Concentrations of credit risk arise from exposures to a single obligor, a group of related obligors or groups of obligors that have
similar credit risk characteristics and operate in the same geographic region or in similar industries. The characteristics are
similar in that changes in economic or political environments may impact their ability to meet obligations as they come due.
No significant changes have occurred from the year ended December 31, 2024.
(ii) Expected Credit Losses
The majority of the Company's financial assets are measured at FVTPL and therefore are not subject to the ECL model. The
ECL model only applies to FVOCI and amortized cost fixed income investments. The ECL allowance was $30 at March 31, 2025,
of which $4 was Stage 1, $19 was Stage 2 and $7 was Stage 3 ($33 at December 31, 2024, of which $5 was Stage 1, $21 was Stage 2
and $7 was Stage 3).
(iii) Credit Impact on Financial Assets Designated as FVTPL
The carrying value of the Company’s portfolio investments designated as FVTPL represents the maximum exposure to credit
risk for those assets. The change in fair value attributable to the change in credit risk of these assets is generally insignificant in
the absence of significant credit events occurring on specific assets. For the three months ended March 31, 2025, a fair value
loss of $56 (nil for the three months ended March 31, 2024) is reflected in changes in fair value on FVTPL assets in the
Consolidated Statements of Earnings related to significant credit events occurring on assets designated at FVTPL.



                                                                                           Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements         50


                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                             B  51
                                  Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)



                                  (b) Liquidity Risk
                                  Liquidity risk is the risk that the Company will not be able to meet all cash outflow obligations as they come due. The following
                                  policies and procedures are in place to manage this risk:
                                  •     The Company closely manages operating liquidity through cash flow matching of assets and liabilities and forecasting
                                        earned and required yields, to ensure consistency between policyholder requirements and the yield of assets.
                                  •     Management closely monitors the solvency and capital positions of its principal subsidiaries opposite liquidity
                                        requirements at the holding company. Additional liquidity is available through established lines of credit or via capital
                                        market transactions. The Company maintains committed lines of credit with Canadian chartered banks.
                                  (c)    Market Risk
                                  Market risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument and the value of insurance and
                                  investment contract liabilities will fluctuate as a result of changes in market factors which include three types: currency risk,
                                  interest rate (including related inflation) risk and equity risk.
                                  Caution Related to Risk Sensitivities
                                  These financial statements include estimates of sensitivities and risk exposure measures for certain risks, such as the sensitivity
                                  due to specific changes in interest rate levels projected and market prices as at the valuation date. Actual results can differ
                                  significantly from these estimates for a variety of reasons including, but not limited to, changes in the Company’s asset or
                                  liability profile, changes in business mix, effective income tax rates, other market factors, differences in the actual exposure
                                  relative to broad market indices, variation in exposures by geography, and general limitations of the Company’s internal
                                  models.
                                  For these reasons, the sensitivities should only be viewed as directional estimates of the underlying sensitivities for the
                                  respective factors. Given the nature of these calculations, the Company cannot provide assurance that the actual impact on




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  shareholders' net earnings will be as indicated.
                                  (i) Currency Risk
                                  Currency risk relates to the Company operating and holding financial instruments in different currencies. For the assets
                                  backing insurance and investment contract liabilities that are not matched by currency, changes in foreign exchange rates can
                                  expose the Company to the risk of foreign exchange losses not offset by liability decreases.
                                  •     A 10% weakening of the Canadian dollar against foreign currencies would be expected to increase non-participating
                                        insurance and investment contract liabilities and their supporting assets by approximately the same amount resulting in
                                        an immaterial immediate change to net earnings. A 10% strengthening of the Canadian dollar against foreign currencies
                                        would be expected to decrease non-participating insurance and investment contract liabilities and their supporting assets
                                        by approximately the same amount resulting in an immaterial immediate change in shareholders' net earnings.
                                  The Company has net investments in foreign operations. The Company’s debt obligations are denominated in Canadian
                                  dollars, euros, and U.S. dollars. In accordance with IFRS, foreign currency translation gains and losses from net investments in
                                  foreign operations, net of related hedging activities and tax effects, are recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income.
                                  Strengthening or weakening of the Canadian dollar spot rate compared to the U.S. dollar, British pound and euro spot rates
                                  impacts the Company’s total equity. Correspondingly, the Company’s book value per share and capital ratios monitored by
                                  rating agencies are also impacted.
                                  (ii) Interest Rate Risk
                                  Interest rate risk exists if asset and liability cash flows are not closely matched and interest rates change, causing a difference in
                                  the value of assets and the value of liabilities. The following policies and procedures are in place to mitigate the Company's
                                  exposure to interest rate risk:
                                  •     Interest rate risk is managed by investing in assets that are suitable for the products sold.
                                  •     The Company utilizes a formal process for managing the matching of assets and liabilities. This involves grouping general
                                        fund assets and liabilities into segments. Assets in each segment are managed in relation to the liabilities in the segment.
                                  •     For products with fixed and highly predictable benefit payments, investments are generally made in fixed income assets or
                                        investment properties whose cash flows closely match the liability product cash flows. Where assets are not available to
                                        match certain period cash flows, such as long-tail cash flows, a portion of these are invested in equities and other non-fixed
                                        income assets, while the rest are duration matched.
                                  •     Hedging instruments are employed when there is a lack of suitable permanent investments or to manage the level of loss
                                        exposure to interest rate changes.


                                                                                                              Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements   51


                                         B  52                                      P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)


•   To the extent asset and liability cash flows are matched, protection against interest rate change is achieved and any change
    in the fair value of the assets will be offset by a similar change in the fair value of the liabilities.
•   For products with less predictable timing of benefit payments, investments are made in fixed income assets with cash flows
    of a shorter duration than the anticipated timing of benefit payments, or equities and other non-fixed income assets.
•   The risk associated with the mismatch in portfolio duration and cash flow, asset prepayment exposure and the pace of
    asset acquisition are quantified and reviewed regularly.
The impact to shareholders' net earnings from changes in the interest rates would be largely offset by changes in the value of
financial assets supporting the liabilities. However, differences in the interest rate sensitivity in the value of assets and the value
of insurance and investment contract liabilities leads to a sensitivity to interest rate movements in shareholders' net earnings.
The Company's asset liability management strategy uses public equities and other non-fixed income assets as a component of
general fund assets supporting liabilities, which leads to interest rate exposure in shareholders' net earnings. Further, the
classification of financial assets, such as mortgage assets in the United Kingdom which are carried at amortized cost and held in
the general fund assets supporting liabilities, also contributes to interest rate exposure in shareholders' net earnings.
The impact to shareholders' net earnings and equity from an immediate parallel 50 basis point increase or decrease in interest
rates is illustrated in the table below, rounded to the nearest $25:
Change in Market Yield Curves

                                                                                         March 31, 2025                                   December 31, 2024
                                                                         Increase 50 basis            Decrease 50 basis          Increase 50 basis      Decrease 50 basis
                                                                          points interest              points interest             points interest       points interest
                                                                               rates                       rates                       rates                  rates
Shareholders' net earnings                                             $                     125 $                     (150) $                  125 $                   (150)




                                                                                                                                                                                PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
Shareholders' equity                                                                         100                       (150)                     75                     (125)

The sensitivities above reflect the immediate impacts on shareholders' net earnings and shareholders’ equity from market
movements.
Actual impacts of interest rate changes will vary depending upon the geography where the changes occur. Net earnings are
positively impacted by a parallel increase in interest rates in Canada, United States and the United Kingdom, and are positively
impacted by a parallel decrease in interest rates in the eurozone. Actual impacts of interest rate changes also vary by the level of
change in interest rates by term. Therefore, actual impacts from interest rate changes may differ from the estimated impact of
parallel movements in all geographies, which is presented above.
The potential impact on shareholders' net earnings of the Company does not take into account any future potential changes to
the Company's ultimate investment rate (UIR) assumptions. As at both March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, the sensitivity
of shareholders' net earnings of the Company to a 10 basis point increase or decrease in the UIR in all geographies would be an
increase of $25 or a decrease of $25 post-tax, respectively.
The impact to shareholders' net earnings and equity from an immediate parallel 50 basis point increase or decrease in credit
spreads is illustrated in the table below, rounded to the nearest $25, with no change to the ultimate illiquidity premium:
Change in Credit Spreads

                                                                                         March 31, 2025                                   December 31, 2024
                                                                         Increase 50 basis            Decrease 50 basis          Increase 50 basis      Decrease 50 basis
                                                                           points credit                points credit              points credit          points credit
                                                                              spreads                     spreads                     spreads               spreads
Shareholders' net earnings                                             $                     225 $                     (300) $                  250 $                   (300)
Shareholders' equity                                                                         300                       (400)                    325                     (400)

The sensitivities above reflect the immediate impacts on shareholders' net earnings and shareholders’ equity from market
movements.
Actual impacts of credit spread changes will vary depending on the geographies where the changes occur, and the changes in
credit spreads by term. A change in credit spreads may also lead to a change in the allowance for credit risk within the discount
rate, depending on prevailing market and credit conditions at the time; any potential earnings impacts that may arise from
such a change are not reflected in the sensitivities above.




                                                                                      Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements      52


                         P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                            B  53
                                  Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)



                                  (iii) Equity Risk
                                  Equity risk is the uncertainty associated with the valuation of assets and liabilities arising from changes in equity markets and
                                  other pricing risk. To mitigate this risk, the Company has investment policy guidelines in place that provide for prudent
                                  investment in equity markets within clearly defined limits. The risks associated with segregated fund guarantees on lifetime
                                  Guaranteed Minimum Withdrawal Benefits have been mitigated through a hedging program using equity futures, currency
                                  forwards, and interest rate derivatives.
                                  Some insurance and investment contract liabilities with long-tail cash flows are supported by publicly traded common stocks
                                  and investments in other non-fixed income assets, primarily comprised of investment properties, real estate funds, private
                                  stocks, and equity release mortgages. Shareholders' net earnings will reflect changes in the values of non-fixed income assets.
                                  However, in most cases the value of the liabilities will not fluctuate with changes in the value of the non-fixed income assets.
                                  The liabilities for segregated fund products with guarantees will fluctuate with changes in the value of the non-fixed income
                                  assets. Under current market conditions, there are no earnings impacts to the Company on segregated fund business that it
                                  does not hedge, as changes in the cost of guarantees are fully offset within the contractual service margin (CSM). For
                                  segregated fund business that the Company hedges, there is a limited earnings impact with respect to the change in liability
                                  versus the change in hedge assets.
                                  The following table provides information on the expected impacts of an immediate 10% or 20% increase or decrease in the
                                  value of publicly traded common stocks on the shareholders' net earnings and equity, rounded to the nearest $25:
                                  Change in Publicly Traded Common Stock Values

                                                                           March 31, 2025                                                                     December 31, 2024
                                                            20%           10%               10%                 20%                    20%                   10%                  10%             20%
                                                          increase      increase          decrease            decrease               increase              increase             decrease        decrease




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  Shareholders' net
                                    earnings          $         100 $              50 $              (50) $              (100) $               100 $                   50 $            (50) $         (100)
                                  Shareholders'
                                    equity                      550           275                  (275)                 (550)                 525                   250              (250)           (525)

                                  The sensitivities above reflect the immediate impacts on shareholders' net earnings and shareholders’ equity from market
                                  movements.
                                  The following table provides information on the expected impacts of an immediate 5% or 10% increase or decrease in the value
                                  of other non-fixed income assets on the shareholders' net earnings and equity, rounded to the nearest $25:
                                  Change in Other Non-Fixed Income Asset Values

                                                                           March 31, 2025                                                                     December 31, 2024
                                                            10%           5%                5%                  10%                    10%                   5%                   5%              10%
                                                          increase      increase          decrease            decrease               increase              increase             decrease        decrease
                                  Shareholders' net
                                    earnings          $         425 $         200 $                (225) $               (450) $               425 $                 225 $            (225) $         (450)
                                  Shareholders'
                                    equity                      450           225                  (225)                 (475)                 475                   250              (250)           (500)

                                  The sensitivities above reflect the immediate impacts on shareholders' net earnings and shareholders’ equity from market
                                  movements.

                                  7.   Fair Value Measurement
                                  The Company’s assets and liabilities recorded at fair value have been categorized based upon the following fair value hierarchy:
                                  Level 1: Fair value measurements utilize observable, quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or
                                  liabilities that the Company has the ability to access. Assets and liabilities utilizing Level 1 inputs include actively exchange-
                                  traded equity securities, exchange-traded futures, and mutual and segregated funds which have available prices in an active
                                  market with no redemption restrictions.
                                  Level 2: Fair value measurements utilize inputs other than quoted prices included in Level 1 that are observable for the asset or
                                  liability, either directly or indirectly. Level 2 inputs include quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets, and
                                  inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability, such as interest rates and yield curves that are
                                  observable at commonly quoted intervals. Level 2 assets and liabilities include those priced using a matrix which is based on
                                  credit quality and average life, government and agency securities, restricted stock, some private bonds and investment funds,


                                                                                                                Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements            53


                                       B  54                                          P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)


most investment-grade and high-yield corporate bonds, most asset-backed securities, most over-the-counter derivatives, and
mortgage loans. Investment contracts that are measured at FVTPL are mostly included in the Level 2 category. Notes issued by
consolidated Collateralized Loan Obligations (CLOs) are measured at FVTPL and included in Level 2.
Level 3: Fair value measurements utilize one or more significant inputs that are not based on observable market inputs and
include situations where there is little, if any, market activity for the asset or liability. The values of the majority of Level 3
securities were obtained from single broker quotes, internal pricing models, or external appraisers. Assets and liabilities
utilizing Level 3 inputs generally include certain bonds, certain asset-backed securities, some private equities, investments in
mutual and segregated funds where there are redemption restrictions, certain over-the-counter derivatives, investment
properties and equity release mortgages.
The following presents the Company’s assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis by hierarchy level:

                                                                                 March 31, 2025                                                 December 31, 2024
    Assets measured at fair value                             Level 1         Level 2           Level 3            Total          Level 1       Level 2       Level 3         Total
    Cash and cash equivalents                             $      9,943 $                — $              — $          9,943 $       10,709 $          — $             — $         10,709
    Financial assets at FVTPL
       Bonds                                                            3       155,994                262         156,259              —       153,178             178       153,356
       Mortgage loans                                                 —          28,606              5,097           33,703             —         28,790          4,818           33,608
       Stocks                                                   11,511                267            5,911           17,689         11,055           260          5,581           16,896
    Total financial assets at FVTPL                             11,514          184,867            11,270          207,651          11,055      182,228         10,577        203,860
    Financial assets at FVOCI
       Bonds                                                          —          14,730                  —           14,730             —         13,758              —           13,758
       Mortgage loans                                                 —               443                —               443            —            461              —             461




                                                                                                                                                                                            PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
       Stocks                                                       875                 —                —               875           923            —               —             923
    Total financial assets at FVOCI                                 875          15,173                  —           16,048            923        14,219              —           15,142
    Investment properties                                             —                 —            8,229            8,229             —             —           8,257            8,257
                  1
    Derivatives                                                         5          2,334                 —            2,339                 1      2,430              —            2,431
    Other assets:
       Trading account assets                                       246            3,643                 —            3,889            252         3,449              —            3,701
       Other 2                                                        —               185                —               185            —            219              —             219
    Total assets measured at fair value                   $     22,583 $ 206,202 $                 19,499 $ 248,284 $               22,940 $ 202,545 $          18,834 $ 244,319


    Liabilities measured at fair value
    Mortgage on investment property                       $           — $              54 $              — $               54 $         — $           54 $            — $             54
                  3
    Derivatives                                                         1          2,263                 —            2,264             —          2,137              —            2,137
    Investment contract liabilities                                   —          92,033                  —           92,033             —         90,157              —           90,157
    Collateralized loan obligation liabilities                        —            4,104                 —            4,104             —          3,791              —            3,791
                        2
    Other liabilities                                                 —               185                —               185            —            219              —             219
    Total liabilities measured at fair value              $             1 $      98,639 $                — $         98,640 $           — $       96,358 $            — $         96,358

1
      Excludes collateral received from counterparties of $1,017 at March 31, 2025 ($1,199 at December 31, 2024).
2
      Includes collateral received under securities lending arrangements.
3
      Excludes collateral pledged to counterparties of $1,341 at March 31, 2025 ($1,337 at December 31, 2024).

There were no transfers of the Company's assets and liabilities between Level 1 and Level 2 during the period ended March 31,
2025 and the year ended December 31, 2024.




                                                                                                Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements        54


                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                            B  55
                                  Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)


                                  The following presents additional information about assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis and for
                                  which the Company has utilized Level 3 inputs to determine fair value:

                                                                                                                                            For the three months ended March 31, 2025
                                                                                                                                           FVTPL                                                   Assets       Total
                                                                                                                           FVTPL          mortgage            FVTPL          Investment           held for     Level 3
                                                                                                                           bonds           loans             stocks 3         properties            sale       assets
                                      Balance, beginning of year                                                       $          178 $          4,818 $           5,581 $            8,257 $            — $     18,834
                                      Total gains (losses)
                                        Included in net earnings                                                                    —                66                68                (25)            —          109
                                        Included in other comprehensive income 1                                                    —                99                —                (195)            —          (96)
                                      Purchases                                                                                      8               —                305                212             —          525
                                      Issues                                                                                        —               181                —                  —              —          181
                                      Sales                                                                                         (2)              —                (43)               (20)            —          (65)
                                      Settlements                                                                                   —                (67)               —                  —             —           (67)
                                      Transferred to owner occupied properties                                                      —                 —                 —                  —             —            —
                                      Transfers into Level 3 2                                                                     78               —                 —                  —               —           78
                                      Transfers out of Level 3 2                                                                   —                —                 —                  —               —           —
                                      Balance, end of period                                                           $          262 $          5,097 $           5,911 $            8,229 $            — $     19,499
                                      Total gains (losses) for the period included in net investment
                                        result                                                                         $            — $              66 $              68 $              (25) $          — $        109

                                      Change in unrealized gains (losses) for the period included in
                                        net earnings for assets held at March 31, 2025                                 $            — $              65 $              68 $              (21) $          — $        112




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                                                                                                                                  For the year ended December 31, 2024
                                                                                                                                            FVTPL                                                  Assets       Total
                                                                                                                           FVTPL           mortgage            FVTPL          Investment          held for     Level 3
                                                                                                                           bonds            loans             stocks 3         properties           sale       assets
                                      Balance, beginning of year                                                       $          252 $          4,203 $           3,809 $            7,870 $          907 $     17,041
                                      Total gains (losses)
                                        Included in net earnings                                                                     7              200               556               (153)            —          610
                                         Included in other comprehensive income 1                                                   —               153              107                 265             —          525
                                      Purchases                                                                                     29               —             1,407                 618             —        2,054
                                      Sale of discontinued operations                                                               —                —                —                   —            (907)       (907)
                                      Issues                                                                                        —               481                —                  —              —          481
                                      Sales                                                                                        (27)              —               (299)              (334)            —         (660)
                                      Settlements                                                                                   —              (219)               —                  —              —         (219)
                                      Transferred to owner occupied properties                                                      —                 —                 —                  (9)           —               (9)
                                      Transfers into Level 3 2                                                                      —                 —                 1                  —             —                1
                                      Transfers out of Level 3 2                                                                  (83)              —                 —                  —               —          (83)
                                      Balance, end of year                                                             $          178 $          4,818 $           5,581 $            8,257 $            — $     18,834

                                      Total gains (losses) for the year included in net investment result              $             7 $            200 $             556 $             (153) $          — $        610

                                      Change in unrealized gains (losses) for the year included in earnings
                                        for assets held at December 31, 2024                                           $             7 $            191 $             556 $             (165) $          — $        589

                                  1
                                       Amount of other comprehensive income for FVTPL bonds, mortgage loans and investment properties represents the unrealized gains (losses) on foreign exchange.
                                  2
                                       Transfers into Level 3 are due primarily to decreased observability of inputs in valuation methodologies or the placement of redemption restrictions on investments in
                                       mutual and segregated funds. Transfers out of Level 3 are due primarily to increased observability of inputs in valuation methodologies as evidenced by corroboration of
                                       market prices with multiple pricing vendors or the lifting of redemption restrictions on investments in mutual and segregated funds.
                                  3
                                       Includes investments in mutual and segregated funds where there are redemption restrictions. The fair value is based on observable, quoted prices.




                                                                                                                            Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements              55


                                            B  56                                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)


The following sets out information about significant unobservable inputs used at period-end in measuring assets and liabilities
categorized as Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy:

                                                                                                                                              Inter-relationship between
                                                                          Significant                                                         key unobservable inputs
Type of asset            Valuation approach                               unobservable input               Input value                        and fair value measurement
Investment               Investment property valuations are Discount rate                                  Range of 4.2% - 12.6%              A decrease in the discount rate
properties               generally determined using                                                                                           would result in an increase in
                         property valuation models based on                                                                                   fair value. An increase in the
                         expected capitalization rates and                                                                                    discount rate would result in a
                         models that discount expected                                                                                        decrease in fair value.
                         future net cash flows. The
                         determination of the fair value of     Reversionary rate                          Range of 4.3% - 8.0%               A decrease in the reversionary
                         investment property requires the                                                                                     rate would result in an
                         use of estimates such as future cash                                                                                 increase in fair value. An
                         flows (such as future leasing                                                                                        increase in the reversionary
                         assumptions, rental rates, capital                                                                                   rate would result in a decrease
                         and operating expenditures) and                                                                                      in fair value.
                         discount, reversionary and overall     Vacancy rate                               Weighted average of 5.8%           A decrease in the expected
                         capitalization rates applicable to the                                                                               vacancy rate would generally
                         asset based on current market                                                                                        result in an increase in fair
                         rates.                                                                                                               value. An increase in the
                                                                                                                                              expected vacancy rate would
                                                                                                                                              generally result in a decrease
                                                                                                                                              in fair value.
Mortgage loans -         The valuation approach for equity    Discount rate                                Range of 4.9% - 6.6%               A decrease in the discount rate
equity release           release mortgages is to use an                                                                                       would result in an increase in
mortgages (FVTPL)        internal valuation model to                                                                                          fair value. An increase in the
                         determine the projected asset cash                                                                                   discount rate would result in a
                         flows, including the cost of the no                                                                                  decrease in fair value.
                         negative equity guarantee for each
                         individual loan, to aggregate these
                         across all loans and to discount




                                                                                                                                                                                      PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                         those cash flows back to the
                         valuation date. The projection is
                         done monthly until expected
                         redemption of the loan either
                         voluntarily or on the death/entering
                         into long term care of the
                         loanholders.
Stocks                   The determination of the fair value Discount rate                                 Various                            A decrease in the discount rate
                         of stocks requires the use of                                                                                        would result in an increase in
                         estimates such as future cash flows,                                                                                 fair value.
                         discount rates, projected earnings                                                                                   An increase in the discount
                         multiples, or recent transactions.                                                                                   rate would result in a decrease
                                                                                                                                              in fair value.

8.      Insurance Revenue

                                                                                                                                            For the three months
                                                                                                                                              ended March 31
                                                                                                                                          2025                      2024
Contracts not measured under the premium allocation approach (PAA)
Amounts relating to changes in liabilities for remaining coverage
     Experience adjustments                                                                                                      $                   (27) $                     (9)
     CSM recognized for services provided                                                                                                            331                      310
     Change in risk adjustment for non-financial risk for risk expired                                                                              153                        152
     Expected incurred claims and other insurance service expenses                                                                                2,440                      2,332
     Recovery of insurance acquisition cash flows                                                                                                    167                      143
                                                                                                                                                  3,064                      2,928
Contracts measured under the PAA                                                                                                                  2,422                      2,322
Total insurance revenue                                                                                                          $                5,486 $                    5,250




                                                                                           Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements      56


                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                            B  57
                                  Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)



                                  9.     Insurance Contracts and Reinsurance Contracts Held

                                  (a) Insurance Contract (Assets) / Liabilities
                                                                                                                                   March 31, 2025
                                                                                           Not measured under the PAA
                                                                            Estimates of            Risk adjustment
                                                                          present value of          for non-financial
                                                                         future cash flows                risk                             CSM                           PAA                    Total

                                  Assets                                 $               (4,369) $                       577 $                      2,686 $                           (169) $           (1,275)
                                  Liabilities                                          125,904                        6,157                       12,049                        13,861              157,971
                                  Liabilities on account of segregated
                                     fund policyholders                                 65,868                             —                             —                              —               65,868
                                                                         $             187,403 $                      6,734 $                     14,735 $                      13,692 $            222,564

                                                                                                                                 December 31, 2024
                                                                                             Not measured under the PAA
                                                                                Estimates of         Risk adjustment
                                                                              present value of       for non-financial
                                                                             future cash flows             risk                            CSM                           PAA                    Total
                                  Assets                                 $               (4,397) $                       584 $                      2,672 $                            (52) $           (1,193)
                                  Liabilities                                          124,143                        6,155                       11,768                        13,617              155,683
                                  Liabilities on account of segregated
                                     fund policyholders                                 66,343                             —                             —                              —               66,343
                                                                         $             186,089 $                      6,739 $                     14,440 $                      13,565 $            220,833




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  (b) Reinsurance Contract Held Assets / (Liabilities)
                                                                                                                                   March 31, 2025
                                                                                           Not measured under the PAA
                                                                            Estimates of            Risk adjustment
                                                                          present value of          for non-financial
                                                                         future cash flows                risk                             CSM                           PAA                    Total

                                  Assets                                 $              16,106 $                         743 $                         594 $                           99 $             17,542
                                  Liabilities                                            (2,230)                         998                           475                             (23)               (780)
                                                                         $              13,876 $                      1,741 $                       1,069 $                            76 $             16,762

                                                                                                                                 December 31, 2024
                                                                                             Not measured under the PAA
                                                                                Estimates of         Risk adjustment
                                                                              present value of       for non-financial
                                                                             future cash flows             risk                            CSM                           PAA                    Total
                                  Assets                                 $              16,644 $                         731 $                         344 $                          123 $             17,842
                                  Liabilities                                            (2,488)                      1,021                            728                             (56)               (795)
                                                                         $              14,156 $                      1,752 $                       1,072 $                            67 $             17,047




                                                                                                                  Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements            57


                                         B  58                                          P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)



(c)       Discount Rates
The following table provides the lower and upper end of the range of the spot rates used by the Company to discount liability
cash flows by major currency:

                   March 31, 2025                               Year 1                 Year 5                 Year 10            Year 20             Year 30              Year 50
                              Lower                                     3.8 %                  3.9 %                   4.4 %              4.6 %              4.6 %                 4.7 %
    CAD
                              Upper                                     4.2 %                  4.3 %                   4.7 %              4.9 %              5.0 %                 5.0 %
                              Lower                                     4.9 %                  4.9 %                   5.2 %              5.8 %              5.5 %                 5.0 %
    USD
                              Upper                                     5.3 %                  5.4 %                   5.6 %              6.2 %              6.0 %                 5.3 %
                              Lower                                     2.4 %                  2.7 %                   3.2 %              3.5 %              3.7 %                 4.4 %
    EUR
                              Upper                                     3.4 %                  3.6 %                   4.1 %              4.4 %              4.5 %                 4.6 %
                              Lower                                     4.7 %                  4.8 %                   5.3 %              5.9 %              6.0 %                 4.2 %
    GBP
                              Upper                                     5.4 %                  5.6 %                   6.1 %              6.7 %              6.7 %                 4.9 %

                 December 31, 2024                              Year 1                  Year 5                Year 10            Year 20              Year 30             Year 50
                              Lower                                     4.2 %                  4.2 %                   4.5 %              4.6 %              4.6 %                 4.9 %
    CAD
                              Upper                                     4.6 %                  4.6 %                   4.9 %              5.0 %              5.0 %                 5.0 %
                              Lower                                     4.9 %                  5.2 %                   5.4 %              5.8 %              5.6 %                 5.1 %
    USD
                              Upper                                     5.4 %                  5.7 %                   5.8 %              6.2 %              5.9 %                 5.3 %
                              Lower                                     2.5 %                  2.5 %                   2.8 %              3.0 %              3.2 %                 4.3 %
    EUR
                              Upper                                     3.6 %                  3.6 %                   3.8 %              4.0 %              4.1 %                 4.5 %
                              Lower                                     4.9 %                  4.8 %                   5.1 %              5.7 %              5.7 %                 4.3 %
    GBP




                                                                                                                                                                                            PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                              Upper                                     5.7 %                  5.5 %                   5.9 %              6.5 %              6.5 %                 5.1 %

The spot rates in the table above are calculated based on prevailing interest rates observed in their respective markets. When
interest rates are not observable, the yield curve to discount cash flows transitions to an ultimate rate composed of a risk-free
rate and illiquidity premium. These amounts are set based on historical data.

10. Segregated Funds
The following presents further details of the investments, determined in accordance with the relevant statutory reporting
requirements of each region of the Company's operations, on account of segregated fund policyholders:
(a) Investments on Account of Segregated Fund Policyholders
                                                                                                                                            March 31                 December 31
                                                                                                                                               2025                      2024
    Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                         $               21,009 $                    18,895
    Bonds                                                                                                                                             75,884                      74,444
    Mortgage loans                                                                                                                                     2,081                       2,083
    Stocks and units in unit trusts                                                                                                                 156,111                   154,439
    Mutual funds                                                                                                                                    221,927                   232,073
    Investment properties                                                                                                                             11,369                      11,317
                                                                                                                                                    488,381                   493,251
    Accrued income                                                                                                                                        990                       882
    Other liabilities                                                                                                                                  (2,084)                    (3,829)
    Non-controlling mutual funds interest                                                                                                              6,336                       6,082
    Total 1, 2                                                                                                                        $             493,623 $                 496,386

1
      At March 31, 2025, $60,512 of investments on account of segregated fund policyholders are reinsured by the Company on a modified coinsurance basis ($65,315 at
      December 31, 2024). Included in this amount are $679 of cash and cash equivalents, $10,775 of bonds, $16 of stocks and units in unit trusts, $49,005 of mutual funds, $94
      of accrued income and $(57) of other liabilities.
2
      At March 31, 2025, $2,746 of investments on account of segregated fund policyholders on the Company’s Consolidated Balance Sheets are expected to be transferred to
      Countrywide towards the end of 2025 ($2,750 as at December 31, 2024) (note 3). Included in this amount are $103 of cash and cash equivalents, $2,664 of stocks and units
      in unit trusts and $(21) of other liabilities.




                                                                                                Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements        58


                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                            B  59
                                  Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)



                                  (b) Changes in Insurance and Investment Contracts on Account of Segregated Fund Policyholders
                                                                                                                                                                                        For the three months
                                                                                                                                                                                          ended March 31
                                                                                                                                                                                      2025                    2024
                                      Balance, beginning of year                                                                                                           $               496,386 $              422,956
                                        Additions (deductions):
                                              Policyholder deposits                                                                                                                          17,442                   12,473
                                              Net investment income                                                                                                                            1,132                    993
                                              Net realized capital gains (losses) on investments                                                                                               5,583                   2,281
                                              Net unrealized capital gains (losses) on investments                                                                                          (14,017)                  20,037
                                              Unrealized gains (losses) due to changes in foreign exchange rates                                                                               6,856                   3,202
                                              Policyholder withdrawals                                                                                                                      (20,032)              (13,737)
                                              Change in segregated fund investment in general fund                                                                                                  13                     2
                                              Change in general fund investment in segregated fund                                                                                                   —                    (1)
                                              Net transfer from (to) general fund                                                                                                                     6                    7
                                              Non-controlling mutual funds interest                                                                                                                254                 1,110
                                      Total                                                                                                                                                   (2,763)                 26,367
                                      Balance, end of period                                                                                                               $               493,623 $              449,323

                                  (c)         Investments on Account of Segregated Fund Policyholders by Fair Value Hierarchy Level
                                                                                                                                                               March 31, 2025




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                                                                                                        Level 1                       Level 2                       Level 3                   Total
                                      Investments on account of segregated fund
                                        policyholders 1                                                         $                346,939 $                    134,477 $                       13,694 $            495,110

                                  1
                                       Excludes other liabilities, net of other assets, of $1,487.

                                                                                                                                                           December 31, 2024
                                                                                                                         Level 1                       Level 2            Level 3                             Total

                                      Investments on account of segregated fund
                                         policyholders 1                                                        $                348,889 $                    136,947 $                       13,354 $            499,190

                                  1
                                       Excludes other liabilities, net of other assets, of $2,804.

                                  For the three months ended March 31, 2025, certain foreign stock holdings valued at $2,442 have been transferred from Level 1
                                  to Level 2 ($1,624 were transferred from Level 1 to Level 2 at December 31, 2024) primarily based on the Company's change in
                                  use of inputs in addition to quoted prices in active markets for certain foreign stock holdings. Level 2 assets include those assets
                                  where fair value is not available from normal market pricing sources, where inputs are utilized in addition to quoted prices in
                                  active markets and where the Company does not have access to the underlying asset details within an investment fund.
                                  The following presents additional information about the Company's investments on account of segregated fund policyholders
                                  for which the Company has utilized Level 3 inputs to determine fair value:

                                                                                                                                                                                  March 31                 December 31
                                                                                                                                                                                      2025                    2024
                                      Balance, beginning of year                                                                                                           $                 13,354 $                 13,792
                                      Total gains (losses) included in segregated fund investment income                                                                                           149                  (758)
                                      Purchases                                                                                                                                                    283                 1,130
                                      Sales                                                                                                                                                        (120)                (872)
                                      Transfers into Level 3                                                                                                                                        32                   97
                                      Transfers out of Level 3                                                                                                                                       (4)                 (35)
                                      Balance, end of period                                                                                                               $                 13,694 $                 13,354

                                  Transfers into Level 3 are due primarily to decreased observability of inputs in valuation methodologies. Transfers out of Level
                                  3 are due primarily to increased observability of inputs in valuation methodologies as evidenced by corroboration of market
                                  prices with multiple pricing vendors.



                                                                                                                               Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements             59


                                              B  60                                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)



11. Share Capital

Common Shares
                                                                                                       For the three months ended March 31
                                                                                                  2025                                              2024
                                                                                 Number                   Carrying value              Number                Carrying value
Common shares
Balance, beginning of year                                                         932,107,643 $                         6,071         932,427,987 $                      6,000
Exercised and issued under stock option plan                                             722,548                           27               657,908                          24
Purchased and cancelled under normal course issuer bid                                (2,122,069)                         (111)            (228,560)                        (10)
Excess of redemption proceeds over stated capital per
  normal course issuer bid                                                                       —                         97                      —                          8
Balance, end of period                                                             930,708,122 $                         6,084         932,857,335 $                      6,022

During the three months ended March 31, 2025, 722,548 common shares were exercised under the Company's stock plan with
a carrying value of $27, including $17 from contributed surplus transferred upon exercise (657,908 with a carrying value of $24,
including $2 from contributed surplus transferred upon exercise for the three months ended March 31, 2024).
On January 2, 2025, the Company announced the renewal of its normal course issuer bid (NCIB) commencing January 6, 2025
and terminating January 5, 2026 to purchase for cancellation up to but not more than 20,000,000 of its common shares at
market prices.
During the three months ended March 31, 2025, the Company entered into an Automatic Share Purchase Plan (ASPP) with a
broker to facilitate repurchases of common shares under the NCIB, including at times when the Company would ordinarily not




                                                                                                                                                                                   PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
be permitted to make purchases due to regulatory restrictions or self-imposed blackout periods. As at March 31, 2025, an
obligation for the repurchase of shares of $63 was recognized in other liabilities under the ASPP, with a corresponding
reduction in contributed surplus.
During the three months ended March 31, 2025, the Company repurchased and subsequently cancelled 2,122,069 common
shares under the current NCIB at a cost of $111 (228,560 common shares at a cost of $10 for the three months ended March 31,
2024, under the previous NCIB). The Company’s share capital was reduced by the average carrying value of the shares
repurchased for cancellation. The excess paid over the average carrying value was $99 and was recognized as a reduction to
accumulated surplus for the three months ended March 31, 2025 ($8 for the three months ended March 31, 2024, under the
previous NCIB).




                                                                                        Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements       60


                           P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                            B  61
                                  Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)



                                  12. Earnings Per Common Share
                                  The following provides the reconciliation between basic and diluted earnings per common share:

                                                                                                                                                                            For the three months
                                                                                                                                                                              ended March 31
                                                                                                                                                                          2025                  2024
                                  Earnings
                                  Net earnings from continuing operations before preferred share dividends                                                     $                       892 $           1,063
                                  Preferred share dividends                                                                                                                             (32)             (32)
                                  Net earnings from continuing operations                                                                                                              860             1,031
                                  Net loss from discontinued operations                                                                                                                 —               (115)
                                  Net gain from disposal of discontinued operations                                                                                                     —                44
                                  Net earnings - common shareholders                                                                                           $                       860 $            960


                                  Number of common shares
                                  Average number of common shares outstanding                                                                                            931,722,456            932,726,691
                                  Add: Potential exercise of outstanding stock options                                                                                       4,205,154            2,995,594
                                  Average number of common shares outstanding - diluted basis                                                                            935,927,610            935,722,285


                                  Basic earnings per common share                                                                                              $                       0.92 $           1.03


                                  Diluted earnings per common share                                                                                            $                       0.92 $           1.03




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  Basic earnings per common share from continuing operations                                                                   $                       0.92 $           1.10


                                  Diluted earnings per common share from continuing operations                                                                 $                       0.92 $           1.10


                                  Dividends per common share                                                                                                   $                   0.610 $             0.555

                                  13. Capital Management

                                  (a) Policies and Objectives
                                  Managing capital is the continual process of establishing and maintaining the quantity and quality of capital appropriate for
                                  the Company and ensuring capital is deployed in a manner consistent with the expectations of the Company’s stakeholders.
                                  For these purposes, the Board considers the key stakeholders to be the Company’s shareholders, policyholders and holders of
                                  subordinated liabilities in addition to the relevant regulators in the various jurisdictions where the Company and its
                                  subsidiaries operate.
                                  The Company manages its capital on both a consolidated basis as well as at the individual operating subsidiary level. The
                                  primary objectives of the Company’s capital management strategy are:
                                  •   To maintain the capitalization of its regulated operating subsidiaries at a level that will exceed the relevant minimum
                                      regulatory capital requirements in the jurisdictions in which they operate;
                                  •   To maintain strong credit and financial strength ratings of the Company ensuring stable access to capital markets; and
                                  •   To provide an efficient capital structure to maximize shareholders' value in the context of the Company’s operational risks
                                      and strategic plans.
                                  The target level of capitalization for the Company and its subsidiaries is assessed by considering various factors such as the
                                  probability of falling below the minimum regulatory capital requirements in the relevant operating jurisdiction, the views
                                  expressed by various credit rating agencies that provide financial strength and other ratings to the Company, and the desire to
                                  hold sufficient capital to be able to honour all policyholder and other obligations of the Company with a high degree of
                                  confidence.
                                  The Company has established policies and procedures designed to identify, measure and report all material risks. Management
                                  is responsible for establishing capital management procedures for implementing and monitoring the capital plan.




                                                                                                                   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements         61


                                       B  62                                             P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)


The capital planning process is the responsibility of the Company’s Chief Financial Officer. The capital plan is approved by the
Company’s Board of Directors on an annual basis. The Board of Directors reviews and approves all material capital
transactions undertaken by management.
(b) Regulatory Capital
In Canada, The Office of the Superintendent of Financial Institutions (OSFI) has established a regulatory capital adequacy
measurement for life insurance companies incorporated under the Insurance Companies Act (Canada) and their subsidiaries.
The Life Insurance Capital Adequacy Test (LICAT) Ratio compares the regulatory capital resources of a company to its required
capital, defined by OSFI, as the aggregate of all defined capital requirements. The total capital resources are provided by the
sum of Available Capital, Surplus Allowance and Eligible Deposits.
The following provides a summary of the LICAT information and ratio for Canada Life:

                                                                                                                                           March 31                 December 31
                                                                                                                                              2025                      2024
    Tier 1 Capital                                                                                                                   $            20,967        $           20,142
    Tier 2 Capital                                                                                                                                  7,502                    5,253
    Total Available Capital                                                                                                                       28,469                    25,395
    Surplus Allowance and Eligible Deposits                                                                                                         5,427                    5,130
    Total Capital Resources                                                                                                          $            33,896        $           30,525
    Required Capital                                                                                                                 $            26,118        $           23,516
                                                                         1
    Total LICAT Ratio (OSFI Supervisory Target = 100%)                                                                                                130 %                      130 %




                                                                                                                                                                                          PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
1
     Total Ratio (%) = (Total Capital Resources / Required Capital)

Other foreign operations and foreign subsidiaries of the Company are required to comply with local capital or solvency
requirements in their respective jurisdictions.

14. Income Taxes

(a) Income Tax Expense
Income tax recognized in Consolidated Statements of Earnings:

                                                                                                                                                For the three months
                                                                                                                                                  ended March 31
                                                                                                                                              2025                      2024
    Current income tax
     Current income tax                                                                                                              $                   154 $                    193
     Global Minimum Tax (GMT)                                                                                                                             31                         4
    Total current income tax                                                                                                                             185                      197
    Total deferred income tax                                                                                                                            (28)                      (28)
    Total income tax expense                                                                                                         $                   157 $                    169

(b) Effective Income Tax Rate
The effective income tax rates are generally lower than the Company's statutory income tax rate of 28.0% due to benefits related
to non-taxable investment income and lower income tax in certain foreign jurisdictions.
The effective income tax rate for the three months ended March 31, 2025 of 14.6% was higher than 13.4% for the three months
ended March 31, 2024 primarily due to the GMT, which was not fully reflected in the first quarter of 2024 due to the timing of
the enactment of the Canadian legislation.
The effective income tax rate for the shareholder account for the three months ended March 31, 2025 was 16.1% compared to
15.1% for the three months ended March 31, 2024.
The Company has applied the mandatory temporary exception in IAS 12, Income Taxes from recognizing and disclosing
deferred tax assets and liabilities related to the GMT.




                                                                                               Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements       62


                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                            B  63
                                  Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)



                                  15. Segmented Information

                                  (a) Consolidated Net Earnings
                                      For the three months ended March 31, 2025
                                                                                                                                                                         Capital and
                                                                                                                United                                                      Risk
                                                                                                                States             Canada               Europe            Solutions             Corporate       Total
                                      Segment revenue
                                        Insurance revenue 1                                                 $              — $            2,421 $             1,726 $             1,280 $              59 $        5,486
                                        Net investment income 2                                                          908                 866                404                   74               83          2,335
                                        Changes in fair value on FVTPL assets 2                                          933                 738                (373)               (119)              80          1,259
                                                                                                                      1,841               4,025               1,757               1,235               222          9,080
                                        Fee and other income 3                                                        1,153                  496                233                     4              25          1,911
                                                                                                                      2,994               4,521               1,990               1,239               247        10,991
                                      Other insurance results
                                        Insurance service expenses                                                         —             (1,692)             (1,481)             (1,051)               (52)       (4,276)
                                        Net income (expenses) from reinsurance contracts                                   —                (371)                (41)                (10)               (8)         (430)
                                                                                                                           —             (2,063)             (1,522)             (1,061)               (60)       (4,706)
                                  Other investment results
                                        Net finance income (expenses) from insurance contracts                             —             (1,491)                155                   58              (148)       (1,426)
                                        Net finance income (expenses) from reinsurance contracts                           —                  14                (159)                   4                2          (139)
                                        Changes in investment contract liabilities                                   (1,554)                 (36)                  —                 (17)               (1)       (1,608)




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                                                                                                     (1,554)             (1,513)                   (4)                45              (147)       (3,173)
                                      Net investment result - insurance contracts on account
                                        of segregated fund policyholders
                                        Net investment income (loss)                                                       —                  14                (264)                  —                —           (250)
                                        Net finance income (expenses) from insurance contracts                             —                 (14)               264                    —                —           250
                                                                                                                           —                   —                   —                   —                —               —
                                      Other income and expenses
                                        Operating and administrative expenses                                           (957)               (510)               (248)                (12)              (82)       (1,809)
                                        Amortization of finite life intangible assets                                    (61)                (32)                (15)                  —                (3)         (111)
                                        Financing costs                                                                    (2)                 —                   —                   (1)            (100)         (103)
                                        Restructuring and integration expenses                                             (1)                 —                 (10)                  —                —               (11)
                                      Earnings (loss) before income taxes                                                419                 403                191                 210               (145)        1,078
                                      Income taxes                                                                        81                  76                  24                  26               (50)         157
                                      Net earnings (loss) before non-controlling interests                               338                 327                167                 184                (95)         921
                                      Attributable to non-controlling interests                                            —                  26                   —                   —                 3              29
                                      Net earnings (loss) before preferred share dividends                               338                 301                167                 184                (98)         892
                                      Preferred share dividends                                                            —                   —                   —                   —               32               32
                                      Net earnings (loss) - common shareholders                             $            338 $               301 $              167 $               184 $             (130) $       860

                                  1
                                       Included within insurance service result in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.
                                  2
                                       Included within net investment result in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.
                                  3
                                       Included within other income and expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.




                                                                                                                            Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements               63


                                           B  64                                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)



    For the three months ended March 31, 2024 1
                                                                                                                                          Capital and
                                                                                    United                                                   Risk
                                                                                    States             Canada              Europe          Solutions      Corporate          Total
    Segment revenue
      Insurance revenue 2                                                       $             — $            2,406 $            1,585 $         1,200 $            59 $          5,250
      Net investment income 3                                                               943                 875               345            100               77            2,340
      Changes in fair value on FVTPL assets 3                                              (441)               (531)             (293)            (93)            (27)           (1,385)
                                                                                            502              2,750              1,637           1,207            109             6,205
      Fee and other income 4                                                                974                 460               208               3              27            1,672
                                                                                         1,476               3,210              1,845           1,210            136             7,877
    Other insurance results
      Insurance service expenses                                                              —             (1,675)             (1,361)          (982)            (49)           (4,067)
      Net income (expenses) from reinsurance contracts                                        —                (339)               (31)            (8)             (8)            (386)
                                                                                              —             (2,014)             (1,392)          (990)            (57)           (4,453)
Other investment results
      Net finance income (expenses) from insurance contracts                                  —                (124)                83             68              —                 27
      Net finance income (expenses) from reinsurance contracts                                —                  (15)              (35)            (1)             —                 (51)
      Changes in investment contract liabilities                                           (157)                 (20)                1              6              (1)            (171)
                                                                                           (157)               (159)                49             73              (1)            (195)
    Net investment result - insurance contracts on account of
      segregated fund policyholders
      Net investment income (loss)                                                            —              1,872                601              —               —             2,473




                                                                                                                                                                                            PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
      Net finance income (expenses) from insurance contracts                                  —             (1,872)              (601)             —               —             (2,473)
                                                                                              —                   —                 —              —               —                  —
    Other income and expenses
      Operating and administrative expenses                                                (931)               (466)             (230)             (6)            (70)           (1,703)
      Amortization of finite life intangible assets                                          (54)                (28)              (15)            —               (3)            (100)
      Financing costs                                                                          (2)                —                 —              (1)            (97)            (100)
      Restructuring and integration expenses                                                 (45)                (23)               —              —               —                 (68)
    Earnings (loss) before income taxes                                                     287                 520               257            286              (92)           1,258
    Income taxes                                                                              45                103                 41             16             (36)               169
    Net earnings (loss) from continuing operations before non-
     controlling interests                                                                  242                 417               216            270              (56)           1,089
    Attributable to non-controlling interests                                                 —                   26                —              —               —                 26
    Net earnings (loss) from continuing operations before
      preferred share dividends                                                             242                 391               216            270              (56)           1,063
    Preferred share dividends                                                                 —                   —                 —              —               32                32
    Net earnings (loss) from continuing operations                                          242                 391               216            270              (88)           1,031
    Net loss from discontinued operations                                                  (115)                  —                 —              —               —              (115)
    Net gain from disposal of discontinued operations                                         44                  —                 —              —               —                 44
    Net earnings (loss) - common shareholders                                   $           171 $               391 $             216 $          270 $            (88) $             960

1
     The Company has reclassified certain comparative figures to conform to the current period’s presentation. These classifications had no impact on the equity, net earnings
     or cash flows of the Company.
2
     Included within insurance service result in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.
3
     Included within net investment result in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.
4
     Included within other income and expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.

During the first quarter of 2025, the Company enhanced its reporting of earnings provided to the chief operating decision
makers. This resulted in the reclassification of certain business activities between segments which had no impact on the total
net earnings or cash flows of the Company. The comparative figures are reclassified to be consistent.




                                                                                               Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements         64


                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                            B  65
                                  Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)



                                  The Revenue by Source Currency for Capital and Risk Solutions
                                                                                                                                                                          For the three months
                                                                                                                                                                            ended March 31
                                                                                                                                                                        2025                    2024
                                  Revenue
                                  United States                                                                                                              $                       436 $               334
                                  United Kingdom                                                                                                                                     504                 431
                                  Japan                                                                                                                                              (52)                  6
                                  Other                                                                                                                                              351                 439
                                  Total revenue                                                                                                              $                   1,239 $                1,210

                                  Negative income in the table above is primarily due to unrealized fair value losses through profit or loss on bonds.
                                  (b) Consolidated Total Assets and Liabilities
                                                                                                                                            March 31, 2025
                                                                                              United                                                                 Capital and Risk
                                                                                              States                    Canada                    Europe                Solutions               Total
                                  Assets
                                  Invested assets                                      $             91,468 $                  99,429 $                  45,334 $                    11,576 $      247,807
                                  Insurance contract assets                                               314                       395                       377                      189              1,275
                                  Reinsurance contract held assets                                   12,472                      1,240                     3,704                       126             17,542
                                  Goodwill and intangible assets                                       6,641                     6,662                     3,140                           —           16,443
                                  Other assets                                                       17,130                      6,075                     4,127                       122             27,454




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  Investments on account of segregated fund
                                     policyholders                                                  209,218                  113,453                   170,952                             —       493,623
                                  Total                                                $            337,243 $                227,254 $                 227,634 $                     12,013 $      804,144


                                  Liabilities
                                  Insurance contract liabilities                       $             18,640 $                  88,604 $                  43,111 $                     7,616 $      157,971
                                  Investment contract liabilities                                    87,282                      3,735                        356                      660             92,033
                                  Reinsurance contract held liabilities                                   149                       288                       304                          39            780
                                  Other liabilities                                                  12,463                      9,552                     3,586                      1,045            26,646
                                  Insurance contracts on account of segregated fund
                                     policyholders                                                   14,085                    35,331                    16,452                            —           65,868
                                  Investment contracts on account of segregated fund
                                     policyholders                                                  195,133                    78,122                  154,500                             —       427,755
                                  Total                                                $            327,752 $                215,632 $                 218,309 $                      9,360 $      771,053




                                                                                                                 Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements           65


                                          B  66                                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)



                                                                                                                           December 31, 2024
                                                                                United                                                              Capital and Risk
                                                                                States                    Canada                    Europe             Solutions                     Total
    Assets
    Invested assets                                                      $             89,768 $                  98,262 $                44,321 $             11,434 $                 243,785
    Insurance contract assets                                                              335                       434                     353                     71                      1,193
    Reinsurance contract held assets                                                   12,756                     1,216                   3,746                    124                   17,842
    Goodwill and intangible assets                                                       6,667                    6,645                   3,074                      —                   16,386
    Other assets                                                                       16,741                     5,769                   3,982                      79                  26,571
    Investments on account of segregated fund
       policyholders                                                                 215,986                   114,547                  165,853                      —                 496,386
    Total                                                                $           342,253 $                 226,873 $                221,329 $             11,708 $                 802,163


    Liabilities
    Insurance contract liabilities                                       $             18,881 $                  87,250 $                42,066 $              7,486 $                 155,683
    Investment contract liabilities                                                    85,470                     3,698                      330                   659                   90,157
    Reinsurance contract held liabilities                                                  159                       283                     313                     40                       795
    Other liabilities                                                                  12,523                     9,572                   3,456                    937                   26,488
    Insurance contracts on account of segregated fund
       policyholders                                                                   14,409                    35,893                  16,041                      —                   66,343
    Investment contracts on account of segregated fund
       policyholders                                                                 201,577                     78,654                 149,812                      —                 430,043
    Total                                                                $           333,019 $                 215,350 $                212,018 $              9,122 $                 769,509




                                                                                                                                                                                                      PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
The Assets by Source Currency for Capital and Risk Solutions
                                                                                                                                                   March 31                December 31
                                                                                                                                                     2025                        2024
    Assets
    United States                                                                                                                            $               4,984 $                         4,792
    United Kingdom                                                                                                                                           3,709                           3,694
    Japan                                                                                                                                                    2,954                           2,926
    Other                                                                                                                                                     366                             296
    Total assets                                                                                                                             $              12,013 $                     11,708

(c)         CSM
                                                                                                       For the three months ended March 31, 2025
                                                                         Non-Participating (excluding Segregated Funds)
                                                                                                                      Capital
                                                                       United                                        and Risk                      Segregated
                                                                       States        Canada           Europe         Solutions          Total        Funds                Par          Total 1
    CSM, beginning of year                                           $         55 $         690 $          3,664 $          2,436 $      6,845 $            3,268 $ 3,255 $ 13,368
       CSM recognized for services provided                                    (2)           (18)             (78)             (62)       (160)              (100)          (38)             (298)
       Contracts initially recognized in the year                              —               7               69                  67        143              37                28            208
       Changes in estimates that adjust the CSM                                16             14               23                  4         57               (46)              46             57
       Net finance (income) expenses from insurance
         contracts                                                              1              5               22                  16        44                (4)              —              40
       Effect of movement in exchange rates                                    —              —              139                   82        221              70                —             291
    CSM, end of period                                               $         70 $         698 $          3,839 $          2,543 $      7,150 $            3,225 $ 3,291 $ 13,666

1
      The amounts in the table above are presented net of reinsurance.




                                                                                                    Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements              66


                                     P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                                     B  67
                                  Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)



                                                                                                                                      For the year ended December 31, 2024
                                                                                                       Non-Participating (excluding Segregated Funds)
                                                                                                                                                  Capital
                                                                                                   United                                        and Risk                         Segregated
                                                                                                   States       Canada           Europe          Solutions          Total           Funds               Par        Total 1
                                      CSM, beginning of year                                   $          24 $      1,159 $          3,255 $           1,745 $        6,183 $              3,298 $ 3,154 $ 12,635
                                        CSM recognized for services provided                              (5)        (103)             (286)             (178)          (572)                (408)       (151)       (1,131)
                                        Contracts initially recognized in the year                        —             36              371              251             658                     170      119           947
                                        Changes in estimates that adjust the CSM                          31         (431)                79             477             156                     197      113           466
                                        Net finance (income) expenses from insurance
                                          contracts                                                         1           29                79               47            156                     (17)         —         139
                                        Effect of movement in exchange rates                                4           —               166                94            264                     28           20        312
                                      CSM, end of year                                         $          55 $        690 $          3,664 $           2,436 $        6,845 $              3,268 $ 3,255 $ 13,368

                                  1
                                       The amounts in the table above are presented net of reinsurance.




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.




                                                                                                                             Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements                 67


                                           B  68                                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
                               IGM Financial Inc.
                                                   PART C




Management’s Discussion and Analysis
PAGE C 2



Financial Statements and Notes
PAG E C 61




Please note that the bottom of each page in Part C contains two different
page numbers. A page number with the preﬁx “C” refers to the number of
such page in this document and the page number without any preﬁx refers to
the number of such page in the original document issued by IGM Financial Inc.



The attached documents concerning IGM Financial Inc. are documents
prepared and publicly disclosed by such subsidiary, and are available under
such subsidiary’s proﬁle on SEDAR+, at www.sedarplus.ca. Certain statements
in the attached documents, other than statements of historical fact, are
forward-looking statements based on certain assumptions and reﬂect the
current expectations of the subsidiary as set forth therein. Forward-looking
statements are provided for the purposes of assisting the reader in understanding
the subsidiary’s ﬁnancial performance, ﬁnancial position and cash ﬂows as at
and for the periods ended on certain dates and to present information about
the subsidiary’s management’s current expectations and plans relating to the
future and the reader is cautioned that such statements may not be appropriate for
other purposes.

By its nature, forward-looking information is subject to inherent risks and




                                                                                                     PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
uncertainties that may be general or speciﬁc and which give rise to the possibility
that expectations, forecasts, predictions, projections or conclusions will not
prove to be accurate, that assumptions may not be correct and that objectives,
strategic goals and priorities will not be achieved.

For further information provided by the subsidiary as to the material factors
that could cause actual results to differ materially from the content of forward-
looking statements, the material factors and assumptions that were applied
in making the forward-looking statements, and the subsidiary’s policy for
updating the content of forward-looking statements, please see the attached
documents, including the section entitled Forward-looking Statements. The
reader is cautioned to consider these factors and assumptions carefully and
not to put undue reliance on forward-looking statements.




P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5   C  1
                              Management’s Discussion and Analysis
                              The Management’s Discussion and Analysis (MD&A) presents management’s view of the results of operations and
                              financial condition of IGM Financial Inc. (IGM Financial or the Company) as at and for the three months ended March 31,
                              2025 and should be read in conjunction with the unaudited Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
                              (Interim Financial Statements), as well as the 2024 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report filed on www.sedarplus.ca.
                              Commentary in the MD&A as at and for the three months ended March 31, 2025 is as of May 8, 2025.

                              Basis of Presentation and Summary of Accounting Policies
                              The Interim Financial Statements of IGM Financial, which are the basis of the information presented in the Company’s
                              MD&A, have been prepared in accordance with International Accounting Standard 34, Interim Financial Reporting
                              and are presented in Canadian dollars (Note 2 of the Interim Financial Statements).



                              Forward-looking Statements
                              Certain statements in this report, other than statements of historical                  affect the operations, performance and results of the Company
                              fact, are forward-looking statements based on certain assumptions                       and its subsidiaries and strategic investments, and their businesses,
                              and reflect IGM Financial Inc.’s (IGM Financial, IGM or the Company)                    and could cause actual results to differ materially from current
                              and, where applicable, its subsidiaries’ and strategic investments’,                    expectations of estimated or anticipated events or results. These
                              current expectations. Forward-looking statements are provided                           factors include, but are not limited to: the impact or unanticipated
                              to assist the reader in understanding the Company’s, and its                            impact of general economic, political and market factors in North
                              subsidiaries and strategic investments, financial position and results                  America and internationally, interest and foreign exchange rates,
                              of operations as at and for the periods ended on certain dates and                      global equity and capital markets, management of market liquidity
                              to present information about management’s current expectations                          and funding risks, changes in accounting policies and methods used
                              and plans relating to the future. Readers are cautioned that such                       to report financial condition (including uncertainties associated with
                              statements may not be appropriate for other purposes. These                             critical accounting assumptions and estimates), the effect of applying
                              statements may include, without limitation, statements regarding the                    future accounting changes, operational and reputational risks,
                              operations, business, financial condition, expected financial results,                  environmental and social risks, business competition, technological
                              performance, prospects, opportunities, priorities, targets, goals,                      change, changes in government regulations and legislation, changes
                              ongoing objectives, strategies and outlook of the Company, and its                      in tax laws, the impact of trade relations, unexpected judicial or
                              subsidiaries and strategic investments, as well as the outlook for North                regulatory proceedings, catastrophic events, outbreaks of disease
                              American and international economies, for the current fiscal year and                   or pandemics (such as COVID-19), the Company’s ability to complete
                              subsequent periods. Forward-looking statements include statements                       strategic transactions, integrate acquisitions and implement other
                              that are predictive in nature, depend upon or refer to future events                    growth strategies, and the Company’s and its subsidiaries’ and
                              or conditions, or include words such as “expects”, “anticipates”,                       strategic investments’ success in anticipating and managing the
                              “plans”, “believes”, “estimates”, “seeks”, “intends”, “targets”, “projects”,            foregoing factors.
                              “forecasts” or negative versions thereof and other similar expressions,
                                                                                                                      The reader is cautioned that the foregoing list is not exhaustive of
                              or future or conditional verbs such as “may”, “will”, “should”, “would”
                                                                                                                      the factors that may affect any of the Company’s forward-looking
                              and “could”.
                                                                                                                      statements. The reader is also cautioned to consider these and other
                              This information is based upon certain material factors or assumptions                  factors, uncertainties and potential events carefully and not place
                              that were applied in drawing a conclusion or making a forecast or                       undue reliance on forward-looking statements.
                              projection as reflected in the forward-looking statements, including
                                                                                                                      Other than as specifically required by applicable Canadian law, the
                              the perception of historical trends, current conditions and expected
                                                                                                                      Company undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking
                              future developments, as well as other factors that are believed to
                                                                                                                      statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date on
                              be appropriate in the circumstances. While the Company considers
                                                                                                                      which such statements are made, or to reflect the occurrence of
                              these assumptions to be reasonable based on information currently
                                                                                                                      unanticipated events, whether as a result of new information, future




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                              available to management, they may prove to be incorrect.
                                                                                                                      events or results, or otherwise.
                              By its nature, this information is subject to inherent risks and
                                                                                                                      Additional information about the risks and uncertainties of the
                              uncertainties that may be general or specific and which give rise to
                                                                                                                      Company’s business and material factors or assumptions on which
                              the possibility that expectations, forecasts, predictions, projections or
                                                                                                                      information contained in forward-looking statements is based is
                              conclusions will not prove to be accurate, that assumptions may not
                                                                                                                      provided in its disclosure materials, including this Management’s
                              be correct and that objectives, including environmental and social,
                                                                                                                      Discussion and Analysis and its most recent Annual Information Form,
                              strategic goals and priorities will not be achieved.
                                                                                                                      filed with the securities regulatory authorities in Canada, available at
                              A variety of material factors, many of which are beyond the                             www.sedarplus.ca.
                              Company’s and its subsidiaries’ and strategic investments’ control,




                                                                              IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 FIRST QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                         5
                                    C  2                                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures
This report contains Non-IFRS financial measures and non-IFRS ratios                           Refer to the appropriate reconciliations of non-IFRS financial measures,
that do not have standard meanings prescribed by International                                 including as components of non-IFRS ratios, to reported results in
Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) and may not be directly                                   accordance with IFRS in Tables 1, 2 and 3.
comparable to similar measures used by other companies. These
                                                                                               This report also contains other financial measures which include:
measures and ratios are used to provide management, investors
and investment analysts with additional measures to assess                                     • Assets Under Management and Advisement (AUM&A) represents
earnings performance.                                                                            the consolidated AUM and AUA of IGM Financial’s core businesses
                                                                                                 IG Wealth Management and Mackenzie Investments. In the Wealth
Non-IFRS financial measures include, but are not limited to, “adjusted
                                                                                                 Management segment, AUM is a component part of AUA. All
net earnings available to common shareholders”, “adjusted net
                                                                                                 instances where the asset management segment is providing
earnings”, “adjusted earnings before income taxes”, “adjusted
                                                                                                 investment management services or distributing its products
earnings before interest and taxes” (Adjusted EBIT), “earnings
                                                                                                 through the Wealth Management segment are eliminated in
before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization before sales
                                                                                                 IGM Financial’s reporting such that there is no double-counting
commissions” (EBITDA before sales commissions), and “earnings
                                                                                                 of the same client savings held at IGM Financial’s core businesses.
before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization after sales
commissions” (EBITDA after sales commissions). These measures                                  • Assets Under Advisement (AUA) are the key driver of the Wealth
exclude other items which are items of a non-recurring nature, or                                Management segment. AUA are savings and investment products
that could make the period-over-period comparison of results from                                held within client accounts of our Wealth Management segment
operations less meaningful. Effective in the first quarter of 2024, these                        core business.
measures also exclude the Company’s proportionate share of items
                                                                                               • Assets Under Management (AUM) are the key driver of the Asset
that Great-West Lifeco Inc. (Lifeco) excludes from its IFRS reported
                                                                                                 Management segment. AUM are an additional driver of revenues
net earnings in arriving at Lifeco’s base earnings. Base earnings
                                                                                                 and expenses within the Wealth Management segment in relation
is an alternate measure Lifeco uses to understand the underlying
                                                                                                 to its investment management activities. AUM are client assets
business performance compared to IFRS net earnings. Lifeco’s
                                                                                                 where we provide investment management services, and include
financial information can be obtained in its disclosure materials filed
                                                                                                 investment funds where we are the fund manager, investment
on www.sedarplus.ca. Comparative periods have been restated to
                                                                                                 advisory mandates to institutions, and other client accounts where
reflect this change. EBITDA before sales commissions excludes all
                                                                                                 we have discretionary portfolio management responsibilities.
sales commissions. EBITDA after sales commissions includes all sales
commissions and highlights aggregate cash flows.                                               • Assets Under Management and Advisement Including Strategic
                                                                                                 Investments (AUM&A Including SI) represents AUM&A including
Non-IFRS ratios include the following:
                                                                                                 the Company’s proportionate share of the AUM&A of strategic
                                                                                                 investments based on the Company’s interest in the strategic
 Ratio                  Numerator                   Denominator
                                                                                                 investments. The strategic investments included are those whose
 Adjusted earnings      Adjusted net                Average number                               activities are primarily in asset and wealth management, and include
 per share              earnings available          of outstanding                               ChinaAMC, Northleaf, Rockefeller and Wealthsimple. Rockefeller
 (Adjusted EPS)         to common                   common shares                                client assets include assets under management and advisement
                        shareholders                on a diluted basis                           as well as assets held for investment purposes and only receiving
 Return (Adjusted       Net earnings                Average shareholders’                        administrative services.
 return) on equity      (Adjusted net               equity excluding                           • Working Capital which consists of current assets less current liabilities
 (ROE, Adjusted         earnings) available         non-controlling interest                     excluding assets and liabilities not reflective of ongoing operations.
 ROE)                   to common
                        shareholders
 ROE (Adjusted          Net earnings                Average shareholders’
 ROE) excluding the     (Adjusted net               equity excluding non-
 impact of fair value   earnings) available         controlling interest
 through other          to common                   and the impact of fair
 comprehensive          shareholders                value through other
 income investments                                 comprehensive income
                                                    investments net of tax




                                                                                                                                                                             PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.




6     IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 FIRST QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                     C  3
                              IGM Financial Inc.
                              Summary of Consolidated Operating Results
                              IGM Financial Inc. (TSX:IGM) is a leading wealth and                        with adjusted net earnings available to common
                              asset management company supporting advisors                                shareholders of $224.5 million or $0.94 per share for the
                              and the clients they serve in Canada, and institutional                     comparative period in 2024, representing an increase
                              investors globally. The Company operates through                            of 6.4% in adjusted earnings per share. Adjusted net
                              a number of operating subsidiaries and also holds a                         earnings available to common shareholders in the current
                              number of strategic investments that provide benefits                       quarter represented a decrease of 4.8% in adjusted
                              to these subsidiaries while furthering the Company’s                        earnings per share from $250.0 million or $1.05 per share
                              growth prospects. The Company’s wealth management                           for the three months ended December 31, 2024.
                              segment consists of IG Wealth Management (IG), and                          Other items for the three months ended March 31, 2025
                              strategic investments in Rockefeller Capital Management                     consisted of ($4.0) million reflecting the Company’s
                              (Rockefeller) and Wealthsimple Financial Corp.                              proportionate share of items Lifeco excludes from its
                              (Wealthsimple). The asset management segment consists                       base earnings (Lifeco other items). Lifeco excludes items
                              of Mackenzie Investments (Mackenzie) and strategic                          from its IFRS reported net earnings to arrive at base
                              investments in China Asset Management Co., Ltd.                             earnings, which are an alternate measure Lifeco uses
                              (ChinaAMC) and Northleaf Capital Group Ltd. (Northleaf).                    to understand the underlying business performance
                              The Company also holds an investment in Great-West                          compared to IFRS net earnings. Lifeco’s financial
                              Lifeco Inc. (Lifeco).                                                       information can be obtained in its disclosure materials
                              IGM Financial’s Assets Under Management and                                 filed on www.sedarplus.ca.
                              Advisement Including Strategic Investments (AUM&A                           Lifeco other items may include market related impacts;
                              Including SI) were $503.6 billion as at March 31, 2025, an                  assumption changes and management actions;
                              all-time high, compared with $422.8 billion at March 31,                    business transformation impacts; realized gains and
                              2024 and $483.5 billion at December 31, 2024, as detailed                   losses on assets measured at Fair Value Through Other
                              in Table 5.                                                                 Comprehensive Income; equity and interest impacts
                              IGM Financial’s Assets Under Management and                                 on the measurement of surplus assets and liabilities;
                              Advisement (AUM&A) were $275.0 billion as at March 31,                      amortization of acquisition related finite life intangible
                              2025, the highest quarter-end level in the history of the                   assets; material legal, impairment, and tax related
                              Company, compared with $252.2 billion at March 31, 2024                     charges, impacts of disposals and acquisitions; and other
                              and $270.4 billion at December 31, 2024. Average total                      items that, when removed, assist in explaining Lifeco’s
                              AUM&A for the first quarter of 2025 were $274.7 billion,                    underlying business.
                              compared to $245.0 billion in the first quarter of 2024 and                 Other items for the three months ended March 31, 2024
                              $269.3 billion in the fourth quarter of 2024.                               consisted of Lifeco other items of ($1.1) million.
                              Net earnings available to common shareholders for the                       Other items for the three months ended December 31,
                              three months ended March 31, 2025 were $233.8 million                       2024 consisted of the tax loss consolidation of $4.7 million
                              or $0.98 per share compared with net earnings available to                  related to the benefit from tax loss consolidation




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                              common shareholders of $223.4 million or $0.94 per share                    transactions that the Company has entered into with a
                              for the comparative period in 2024. Net earnings available                  subsidiary of Power.
                              to common shareholders for the three months ended
                              December 31, 2024 were $254.7 million or $1.07 per share.                   Total equity was $8.0 billion as at March 31, 2025,
                                                                                                          compared to $7.9 billion at December 31, 2024. Adjusted
                              Adjusted net earnings available to common shareholders                      ROE (a non-IFRS ratio – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures
                              (a non-IFRS measure – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures                       and Other Financial Measures) for the three months ended
                              and Other Financial Measures and Table 1), excluding                        March 31, 2025 was 12.1% compared with 13.3% for the
                              other items outlined below, for the three months ended                      comparative period in 2024. Adjusted ROE excluding the
                              March 31, 2025 were $237.8 million or $1.00 per share,                      impact of fair value through other comprehensive income
                              which were both first quarter record highs, compared                        investments (a non-IFRS ratio – see Non-IFRS Financial


                                                                   IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 FIRST QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                 7
                                   C  4                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Table 1: Reconciliation of Non-IFRS Financial Measures
                                                                                                                                                 Three months ended
                                                                                                                                   2025           2024          2024
($ millions except EPS)                                                                                                          Mar. 31        Dec. 31        Mar. 31
Adjusted net earnings available to common shareholders(1)                                                                    $     237.8    $     250.0    $     224.5
 Lifeco other items                                                                                                                 (4.0)             –           (1.1)
 Tax loss consolidation                                                                                                                –            4.7              –
Net earnings available to common shareholders                                                                                $     233.8    $     254.7    $     223.4
Adjusted earnings per share(1)                                                                                               $      1.00    $      1.05    $      0.94
 Lifeco other items                                                                                                                (0.02)             –              –
 Tax loss consolidation                                                                                                                –           0.02              –
Earnings per share(2)                                                                                                        $      0.98    $      1.07    $      0.94
Average outstanding shares – Diluted (thousands)                                                                                 238,233        238,304        238,112

EBITDA before sales commissions(1)                                                                                           $     393.6    $     409.3    $     374.5
 Sales–based commissions paid                                                                                                      (34.2)         (34.4)         (33.2)
EBITDA after sales commissions(1)                                                                                                  359.4          374.9          341.3
 Sales–based commissions paid subject to amortization                                                                               34.2           34.4           33.2
 Amortization of capitalized sales commissions                                                                                     (27.8)         (27.3)         (25.4)
 Amortization of capital, intangible and other assets                                                                              (24.7)         (23.7)         (23.6)
Adjusted earnings before interest and taxes(1)                                                                                     341.1          358.3          325.5
 Interest expense(3)                                                                                                                32.0           32.5           32.3
Adjusted earnings before income taxes(1)                                                                                           309.1          325.8          293.2
 Income taxes                                                                                                                       69.6           75.1           67.3
Adjusted net earnings(1)                                                                                                           239.5          250.7          225.9
 Lifeco other items                                                                                                                 (4.0)             –           (1.1)
 Tax loss consolidation                                                                                                                –            4.7              –
Net earnings                                                                                                                       235.5          255.4          224.8
 Non-controlling interest                                                                                                            1.7            0.7            1.4
Net earnings available to common shareholders                                                                                $     233.8    $     254.7    $     223.4
(1) A non-IFRS financial measure – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures section of this document.
(2) Diluted earnings per share.
(3) Interest expense includes interest on long-term debt and leases.




Measures and Other Financial Measures) for the three                                              2025. In 2024, there was an increase of 10.6% in the first
months ended March 31, 2025 was 13.7% compared with                                               quarter and 25.0% for the year.
14.2% for the comparative period in 2024. The quarterly                                         • European equity markets, as measured by the MSCI
dividend per common share declared in the first quarter                                           Europe net total return index, increased by 5.9% in the
of 2025 was 56.25 cents, unchanged from the fourth                                                first quarter of 2025. In 2024, there was an increase of
quarter of 2024.                                                                                  7.6% in the first quarter and 8.6% for the year.




                                                                                                                                                                          PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                                                                                • Asian equity markets, as measured by the MSCI AC Asia
Market Overview                                                                                   Pacific net total return index, increased by 0.9% in the
Financial market returns were generally positive for the                                          first quarter of 2025. In 2024, there was an increase of
first quarter of 2025:                                                                            5.0% in the first quarter and 9.6% for the year.
• The S&P TSX Composite total return index increased                                            • Chinese equity markets, as measured by the CSI 300
   by 1.5% in the first quarter of 2025. In 2024, there was                                       net total return index, decreased by 1.0% in the first
   an increase of 6.6% in the first quarter and 21.6% for                                         quarter of 2025. In 2024, there was an increase of 3.1%
   the year.                                                                                      in the first quarter and 17.9% for the year.
• U.S. equity markets, as measured by the S&P 500 total                                         • The FTSE TMX Canada Universe Bond total return index
   return index, decreased by 4.3% in the first quarter of                                        increased by 2.0% in the first quarter of 2025. In 2024,


8     IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 FIRST QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                 C  5
                              Table 2: Consolidated Operating Results by Segment – Q1 2025 vs. Q1 2024
                                                                              Wealth Management                     Asset Management                     Corporate & Other                                  Total
                              Three months ended                                  2025             2024              2025              2024               2025              2024            2025           2024
                              ($ millions)                                       Mar. 31          Mar. 31           Mar. 31           Mar. 31            Mar. 31           Mar. 31         Mar. 31        Mar. 31
                              Revenues
                               Wealth management                               $ 642.8        $    584.5        $           –     $           –      $       (3.3)     $       (1.9)   $    639.5     $    582.6

                               Asset management                                         –                 –          284.4              267.9              (26.5)            (26.0)          257.9         241.9
                               Dealer compensation expense                              –                 –           (83.7)            (79.3)              (1.4)              (0.8)         (85.1)        (80.1)
                               Net asset management                                     –                 –          200.7              188.6              (27.9)            (26.8)         172.8          161.8

                               Net investment income and other                        2.1              5.3               1.5                6.5               4.2               3.8            7.8           15.6
                               Proportionate share of associates’
                               earnings                                              (3.7)            (5.1)             39.0              34.0              24.5              23.9            59.8           52.8
                                                                                   641.2           584.7             241.2              229.1               (2.5)              (1.0)         879.9         812.8
                              Expenses
                               Advisory and business development                   275.1           244.2               26.2               21.4                 –                 –          301.3          265.6
                               Operations and support                              117.9           115.0               97.1               88.5               0.8               0.4          215.8          203.9
                               Sub-advisory                                         51.5            45.3                1.4                1.3             (31.2)            (28.8)          21.7           17.8
                                                                                   444.5           404.5             124.7              111.2              (30.4)            (28.4)         538.8          487.3
                              Adjusted earnings before interest
                              and taxes(1)                                         196.7           180.2             116.5              117.9               27.9              27.4          341.1          325.5
                              Interest expense(2)                                   25.5            25.8               6.5                6.5                  –                 –           32.0           32.3
                              Adjusted earnings before income taxes(1)             171.2           154.4             110.0              111.4               27.9              27.4          309.1          293.2
                              Income taxes                                          46.9            43.2              21.8               23.2                0.9               0.9           69.6           67.3
                              Adjusted net earnings(1)                             124.3           111.2               88.2               88.2              27.0              26.5           239.5         225.9
                              Non-controlling interest                                 –               –                1.7                1.4                 –                 –             1.7           1.4
                              Adjusted net earnings available to
                              common shareholders(1)                           $ 124.3        $    111.2        $      86.5       $       86.8       $      27.0       $      26.5           237.8         224.5
                              Other items(1), net of tax
                              Lifeco other items                                                                                                                                              (4.0)          (1.1)
                              Net earnings available to common
                              shareholders                                                                                                                                             $     233.8    $    223.4
                              (1) A non-IFRS financial measure – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures section of this document.
                              (2) Interest expense includes interest on long-term debt and leases.




                                there was a decrease of 1.2% in the first quarter and an                               and reflect the Company’s internal financial reporting and
                                increase of 4.2% for the year.                                                         performance measurement (Tables 2 and 3):
                              • Our clients experienced average investment returns                                     • Wealth Management – reflects the activities of its core
                                of 0.4% in the first quarter of 2025. In 2024, client                                    business and strategic investments that are principally
                                investment returns were 5.7% in the first quarter and                                    focused on providing financial planning and related




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                15.5% for the year.                                                                      services to retail client households. This segment
                              IGM Financial’s AUM&A increased by 1.7% from                                               includes the activities of IG Wealth Management
                              $270.4 billion at December 31, 2024 to $275.0 billion at                                   which is a retail distribution organization that serves
                              March 31, 2025. See Table 27 for the composition of                                        Canadian households through its securities dealer,
                              IGM Financial’s AUM&A.                                                                     mutual fund dealer and other subsidiaries licensed to
                                                                                                                         distribute financial products and services. A majority
                                                                                                                         of the revenues of this segment are derived from
                              Reportable Segments
                                                                                                                         providing financial advice and distributing financial
                              The Company’s reportable segments are Wealth                                               products and services to Canadian households. This
                              Management, Asset Management and Corporate & Other                                         segment also includes the investment management
                                                                                                                         activities of these organizations, including mutual fund


                                                                               IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 FIRST QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                                           9
                                    C  6                                                P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Table 3: Consolidated Operating Results by Segment – Q1 2025 vs. Q4 2024
                                                    Wealth Management                        Asset Management                    Corporate & Other                                Total
Three months ended                                      2025                 2024             2025               2024             2025            2024           2025            2024
($ millions)                                           Mar. 31             Dec. 31           Mar. 31           Dec. 31           Mar. 31        Dec. 31         Mar. 31        Dec. 31
Revenues
 Wealth management                                   $ 642.8           $     650.3       $           –     $           –     $      (3.3)   $      (2.8)    $    639.5     $     647.5

 Asset management                                                –                 –          284.4              288.3             (26.5)         (26.7)          257.9          261.6
 Dealer compensation expense                                     –                 –           (83.7)            (84.0)             (1.4)           (1.2)         (85.1)         (85.2)
 Net asset management                                            –                 –          200.7              204.3             (27.9)         (27.9)         172.8           176.4

 Net investment income and other                              2.1               3.3               1.5               8.5              4.2            5.5             7.8           17.3
 Proportionate share of associates’
 earnings                                                    (3.7)             (2.4)            39.0              29.2             24.5            26.3            59.8           53.1
                                                          641.2              651.2            241.2              242.0              (2.5)           1.1           879.9          894.3
Expenses
 Advisory and business development                         275.1             274.1              26.2              24.2                 –              –          301.3           298.3
 Operations and support                                    117.9             118.4              97.1              97.1               0.8            1.0          215.8           216.5
 Sub-advisory                                               51.5              50.5               1.4               1.6             (31.2)         (30.9)          21.7            21.2
                                                          444.5              443.0            124.7              122.9             (30.4)         (29.9)         538.8           536.0
Adjusted earnings before interest
and taxes(1)                                              196.7              208.2            116.5              119.1              27.9           31.0          341.1           358.3
Interest expense(2)                                        25.5               26.0              6.5                6.5                 –              –           32.0            32.5
Adjusted earnings before income taxes(1)                  171.2              182.2            110.0              112.6              27.9           31.0          309.1           325.8
Income taxes                                               46.9               49.3             21.8               24.4               0.9            1.4           69.6            75.1
Adjusted net earnings(1)                                  124.3              132.9              88.2              88.2              27.0           29.6           239.5          250.7
Non-controlling interest                                      –                  –               1.7               0.7                 –              –             1.7            0.7
Adjusted net earnings available to
common shareholders(1)                               $ 124.3           $     132.9       $      86.5       $      87.5       $      27.0    $      29.6           237.8          250.0
Other items(1), net of tax
Lifeco other items                                                                                                                                                 (4.0)             –
Tax loss consolidation                                                                                                                                                –            4.7
Net earnings available to common
shareholders                                                                                                                                                $     233.8    $     254.7
(1) A non-IFRS financial measure – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures section of this document.
(2) Interest expense includes interest on long-term debt and leases.




  management and discretionary portfolio management                                               services to a suite of investment funds that are
  services. This segment also includes the Company’s                                              distributed through third party dealers and financial
  strategic investments in Rockefeller and Wealthsimple.                                          advisors, and through institutional advisory mandates
  Rockefeller is classified as an investment in associate                                         to financial institutions, pensions and other institutional




                                                                                                                                                                                          PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
  and accounted for using the equity method, with                                                 investors. This segment also includes the Company’s
  the proportionate share of earnings included in                                                 strategic investment in ChinaAMC and Northleaf
  revenue. Wealthsimple is classified as an investment                                            which are classified as investments in associates
  which is accounted for at fair value through other                                              and accounted for using the equity method. The
  comprehensive income (FVTOCI) and therefore has no                                              proportionate share of earnings on these investments
  impact on the segment earnings.                                                                 are included in the segment’s revenue.
• Asset Management – reflects the activities of its core                                        • Corporate and Other – primarily represents the
  business and strategic investments primarily focused                                            investments in Lifeco and Portage Ventures LPs, the
  on providing investment management services.                                                    Company’s unallocated capital, as well as consolidation
  This segment includes the operations of Mackenzie                                               elimination entries.
  Investments which provides investment management


10 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 FIRST QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                                 C  7
                              Assets Under Management and Advisement (AUM&A)                                 with insurance and banking products and services,
                              represents the consolidated AUM and AUA of IGM                                 and revenue relating to mortgage lending activities.
                              Financial’s core businesses IG Wealth Management and                       • Asset management revenue – revenues earned by
                              Mackenzie Investments. In the Wealth Management                              the Asset Management segment related to investment
                              segment, AUM is a component part of AUA. All instances                       management advisory and administrative services.
                              where the Asset Management segment is providing                            • Dealer compensation – asset-based and
                              investment management services or distributing its                           sales-based compensation paid to dealers by
                              products through the Wealth Management segment are                           the Asset Management segment.
                              eliminated in IGM Financial’s reporting such that there
                                                                                                         • Proportionate share of associates’ earnings – the
                              is no double-counting of the same client savings held at
                                                                                                           Company’s proportionate share of earnings from
                              IGM Financial’s core businesses.
                                                                                                           equity investments including Lifeco, ChinaAMC,
                              Assets Under Advisement (AUA) are the key driver of                          Northleaf and Rockefeller.
                              the Wealth Management segment. AUA are savings and                         • Advisory and business development expenses –
                              investment products held within client accounts of our                       expenses incurred on activities directly associated
                              Wealth Management segment operating companies.                               with providing financial planning services to
                              Assets Under Management (AUM) are the key driver of                          clients of the Wealth Management segment and
                              the Asset Management segment. AUM are an additional                          wholesale distribution activities performed by the
                              driver of revenues and expenses within the Wealth                            Asset Management segment. Expenses include
                              Management segment in relation to its investment                             compensation, recognition and other support
                              management activities. AUM are client assets where we                        provided to our advisors, field management, product
                              provide investment management services, and include                          & planning specialists; expenses associated with
                              investment funds where we are the fund manager,                              facilities, technology and training relating to our
                              investment advisory mandates to institutions, and other                      advisors and specialists; other business development
                              client accounts where we have discretionary portfolio                        activities including direct marketing and advertising.
                              management responsibilities.                                                 A significant component of these expenses varies
                                                                                                           directly with levels of assets under management
                              Assets Under Management and Advisement Including
                                                                                                           or advisement, business development measures
                              Strategic Investments (AUM&A Including SI) represents
                                                                                                           including sales and client acquisition, and the number
                              AUM&A including the Company’s proportionate share
                                                                                                           of advisor and client relationships.
                              of the AUM&A of strategic investments based on
                              the Company’s interest in the strategic investments.                       • Operations and support expenses – expenses
                              The strategic investments included are those whose                           associated with business operations, including
                              activities are primarily in asset and wealth management,                     technology and business processes; in-house
                              and include ChinaAMC, Northleaf, Rockefeller and                             investment management and product shelf
                              Wealthsimple. Rockefeller client assets include AUM&A                        management; corporate management and
                              as well as assets held for investment purposes and only                      support functions. These expenses primarily reflect
                              receiving administrative services.                                           compensation, technology and other service
                                                                                                           provider expenses.
                              Financial Presentation                                                     • Sub-advisory expenses – reflects fees relating to
                                                                                                           investment management services provided by third party
                              The financial presentation includes revenues and




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                                                                                           or related party investment management organizations.
                              expenses to align with the key drivers of business activity
                                                                                                           These fees typically are variable with the level of assets
                              and to reflect our emphasis on business growth and
                                                                                                           under management. These fees include investment
                              operational efficiency. The categories are as follows:
                                                                                                           advisory services performed for the Wealth Management
                              • Wealth management revenue – revenues earned
                                                                                                           segment by the Asset Management segment.
                                by the Wealth Management segment for providing
                                financial planning, investment advisory and related                      Interest expense represents interest expense on
                                financial services. Revenues include financial                           long-term debt and leases. Interest expense is allocated
                                advisory fees, investment management and related                         to each segment based on management’s assessment of:
                                administration fees, distribution revenue associated                     i) capacity to service the debt, and ii) where the debt is
                                                                                                         being serviced.



                                                                   IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 FIRST QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                11
                                   C  8                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Table 4: Effective Income Tax Rate
                                                                                                                                2025        2024       2024
Three months ended                                                                                                            Mar. 31     Dec. 31     Mar. 31
Income taxes at Canadian federal and provincial statutory rates                                                                 26.62 %     26.58 %    26.59 %
 Effect of:
  Proportionate share of associates’ earnings(1)                                                                                (4.19)      (3.55)      (3.87)
  Other items                                                                                                                    0.04           –        0.22
Effective income tax rate – before other items                                                                                  22.47       23.03      22.94
 Lifeco other items                                                                                                              0.35           –       0.10
 Tax loss consolidation                                                                                                             –       (1.44)         –
Effective income tax rate – net earnings available to common shareholders                                                       22.82 %     21.59 %    23.04 %
(1) Includes proportionate share of Lifeco’s base earnings.




Income taxes are reported in each segment. IGM Financial                                         detailed in Table 5. AUM were $258.1 billion at March 31,
consolidated changes in the effective tax rates are detailed                                     2025 compared to $237.7 billion at March 31, 2024, an
in Table 4.                                                                                      increase of 8.6%.
Tax planning may result in the Company recording                                                 AUM&A net inflows in the first quarter of 2025 were
lower levels of income taxes. Management monitors the                                            $4.2 billion compared to net outflows of $128 million
status of its income tax filings and regularly assesses the                                      in the first quarter of 2024, as detailed in Table 5. First
overall adequacy of its provision for income taxes and,                                          quarter investment fund net sales were $859 million
as a result, income taxes recorded in prior years may be                                         compared to net redemptions of $509 million in 2024.
adjusted in the current year. The effect of changes in                                           Net flows and net sales are based on AUM&A excluding
management’s best estimates reported in adjusted net                                             sub-advisory assets to Canada Life and to the Wealth
earnings is reflected in Other, which also includes, but                                         Management segment.
is not limited to, the effect of lower effective income tax                                      In January 2024, the IG Wealth Management pension
rates on foreign operations.                                                                     plan executed a redemption of $177 million from
Other items, as reflected in Tables 2 and 3, include                                             IG Wealth Management mutual funds. These funds were
the after-tax impact of any item that management                                                 subsequently reallocated into a separately managed
considers to be of a non-recurring nature or that could                                          account, managed by Mackenzie. Excluding this specific
make the period-over-period comparison of results                                                activity, IGM Financial investment funds net redemptions
from operations less meaningful and are not allocated                                            for the first quarter of 2024 amounted to $332 million,
to segments.                                                                                     while separately managed accounts experienced net
Other items for the three months ended March 31, 2025                                            redemptions of $157 million. Notably, this transaction had
and March 31, 2024 consisted of Lifeco other items of                                            no impact on the overall net flows for IGM Financial.
($4.0) million and ($1.1) million, respectively.                                                 The Company also benefits from the underlying assets
Other items for the three months ended December 31,                                              under management of the Company’s investments in
2024 consisted of tax loss consolidation of $4.7 million                                         associates, including ChinaAMC, Northleaf, Rockefeller




                                                                                                                                                                 PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
related to the benefit from tax loss consolidation                                               and its investment in Wealthsimple which is classified as
transactions that the Company has entered into with a                                            FVTOCI. The Company has included its proportionate
subsidiary of Power.                                                                             share of the AUM&A of these investments in its AUM&A
                                                                                                 Including SI based on its direct and indirect interest in
                                                                                                 these companies.
Total AUM&A
                                                                                                 At March 31, 2025, ChinaAMC’s AUM was RMB¥
IGM Financial’s AUM&A Including SI were $503.6 billion
                                                                                                 2,669.8 billion ($529.1 billion) compared to RMB¥
as at March 31, 2025 compared to $422.8 billion at
                                                                                                 2,088.7 billion ($391.4 billion) at March 31, 2024, an
March 31, 2024, as detailed in Table 5.
                                                                                                 increase of 27.8% (CAD 35.2%). IGM Financial holds a
AUM&A were $275.0 billion at March 31, 2025 compared                                             27.8% interest in ChinaAMC.
to $252.2 billion at March 31, 2024, an increase of 9.1%, as


12    IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 FIRST QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


                                P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                           C  9
                              Table 5: AUM&A
                                                                                                      Wealth                            Asset                     Intercompany
                                                                                                 Management(1)                    Management(2)                     Eliminations(3)            Consolidated
                                                                                               2025          2024             2025            2024            2025             2024         2025       2024
                              ($ millions)                                                    Mar. 31       Mar. 31          Mar. 31         Mar. 31         Mar. 31          Mar. 31      Mar. 31    Mar. 31
                              Three months ended
                              Gross flows
                               Mutual fund gross sales(4)                                 $    4,907 $         3,797 $          2,637 $         2,357 $                – $             – $ 7,544 $      6,154
                               Dealer gross inflows                                            4,166           3,699                –               –                  –               –   4,166        3,699
                              Net flows
                               Mutual fund net sales(4)(5)                                       944             (315)           (700)            (526)                –               –      244        (841)
                               ETF net creations                                                   –                –             615              332                 –               –      615         332
                               Investment fund net sales(6)                                      944             (315)            (85)            (194)                –               –       859       (509)
                               Institutional SMA net sales(5)                                      –                –           3,526               20                 –               –     3,526         20
                               IGM product net sales                                              944            (315)         3,441              (174)                –               –     4,385       (489)
                               Other dealer net flows                                            (226)            361              –                 –                 –               –      (226)       361
                               Total net flows                                                    718               46         3,441              (174)                –               –     4,159       (128)

                              AUM&A
                               IG Wealth Management
                                AUM(4)                                                    $124,645 $113,566
                                Other AUA                                                   16,884   14,455
                                AUA                                                           141,529       128,021
                               Mackenzie Investments
                                Mutual funds                                                                              $ 60,885 $ 58,847
                                ETFs(7)                                                                                      7,874    6,074
                                Investment funds                                                                              68,759          64,921

                                Institutional SMA                                                                             11,787           7,966
                                Sub-advisory to Canada Life                                                                   52,951          51,281
                                Total Institutional SMA                                                                       64,738          59,247

                                Third Party AUM                                                                             133,497          124,168
                                Sub-advisory and AUM to Wealth Management                                                    85,136           79,503
                                Total AUM                                                                                   218,633          203,671
                               Consolidated excluding discontinued operations
                                AUM                                           $124,645 $113,566 $218,633 $ 203,671 $ (85,136) $ (79,503) $258,142 $237,734
                                AUM&A                                          141,529 128,021 218,633 203,671 (85,136) (79,503) 275,026 252,189
                               Strategic investments(8)
                                ChinaAMC                                                                                     147,077         108,798
                                Northleaf                                                                                     18,339          15,283
                                Rockefeller                                                   45,425         36,957
                                Wealthsimple                                                  19,851         11,013




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                Intra-segment eliminations                                        (8)            (6)             (398)            (309)
                                                                                              65,268         47,964         165,018          123,772           (1,711)          (1,112)    228,575    170,624
                               Consolidated AUM&A Including SI                            $206,797 $175,985 $ 383,651 $ 327,443 $ (86,847) $ (80,615) $503,601 $ 422,813
                              (1) Mackenzie Investment fund products sold through IG Wealth Management are reported within IG Wealth Management’s AUM and Mackenzie Sub-advisory and
                                  AUM to Wealth Management.
                              (2) Asset Management flows activity excludes sub-advisory to Canada Life and the Wealth Management segment.
                              (3) Consolidated results eliminate double counting where business is reflected within multiple segments.
                              (4) Wealth Management AUM and net sales include separately managed accounts.
                              (5) In the first quarter of 2024, the IG Wealth Management pension plan redeemed $177 million from IG Wealth Management mutual funds that was re-allocated into
                                  a separately managed account managed by Mackenzie.
                              (6) In the first quarter of 2025, an institutional investor which includes Mackenzie mutual funds in its product offerings made fund allocation changes resulting in
                                  redemptions of $144 million.
                              (7) ETF assets inclusive of IGM Financial’s managed products were $17.0 billion at March 31, 2025 (2024 – $13.8 billion).
                              (8) Proportionate share of strategic investments’ AUM comprised of 27.8% (2024 – 27.8%) of ChinaAMC’s AUM, 56% (2024 – 56%) of Northleaf’s AUM, 20.5% (2024 – 20.5%)
                                  of Rockefeller’s client assets, and 27.2% (2024 – 28.5%) of Wealthsimple’s AUA.


                                                                                IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 FIRST QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                                     13
                                    C  10                                                P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
At March 31, 2025, Northleaf’s AUM was $32.7 billion                                     Changes in AUM&A for the Wealth Management and
compared to $27.3 billion at March 31, 2024, an increase                                 Asset Management segments are discussed further in
of 19.8%. IGM Financial holds a 56% economic interest                                    each of their respective Review of the Business sections
in Northleaf.                                                                            in the MD&A.
At March 31, 2025, Rockefeller’s client assets were
USD $154.4 billion ($222.1 billion) compared to USD                                      Summary of Quarterly Results
$133.4 billion ($180.7 billion) at March 31, 2024, an                                    The Summary of Quarterly Results in Table 6 includes
increase of 15.7% (CAD 22.9%). IGM Financial holds a                                     the eight most recent quarters and the reconciliation
20.5% interest in Rockefeller.                                                           of non-IFRS financial measures to net earnings in
At March 31, 2025, Wealthsimple’s AUA was $73.0 billion                                  accordance with IFRS.
compared to $38.7 billion at March 31, 2024, an increase                                 Changes in average AUM&A over the eight most recent
of 88.6%. IGM Financial holds a 27.2% interest in                                        quarters, as shown in Table 6, largely reflect the impact
Wealthsimple, compared to 28.5% at March 31, 2024.                                       of changes in domestic and foreign markets and net sales
                                                                                         of the Company.




                                                                                                                                                     PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.




14 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 FIRST QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                     C  11
                              Table 6: Summary of Quarterly Results
                                                                                                                2025          2024           2024          2024           2024           2023        2023        2023
                                                                                                                 Q1            Q4             Q3            Q2             Q1             Q4          Q3          Q2
                              Consolidated statements of earnings ($ millions)
                              Revenues
                               Wealth management                                                        $      639.5 $        647.5 $       616.0 $        590.0 $       582.6 $         550.0 $     563.1 $     552.5

                               Asset management                                                                257.9          261.6         253.4          245.8         241.9           234.3       239.9       238.7
                               Dealer compensation expense                                                     (85.1)          (85.2)        (82.8)         (81.1)        (80.1)          (76.7)      (78.6)      (79.5)
                               Net asset management                                                            172.8          176.4         170.6          164.7         161.8           157.6       161.3       159.2

                               Net investment income and other                                                    7.8          17.3           10.1          10.0           15.6           10.6         7.9         8.1
                               Proportionate share of associates’ earnings                                       59.8          53.1           61.4          55.7           52.8           56.6        49.2        48.8
                                                                                                               879.9          894.3         858.1          820.4         812.8           774.8       781.5       768.6
                              Expenses
                               Advisory and business development                                               301.3          298.3         278.3          278.5         265.6           253.2       253.3       254.0
                               Operations and support                                                          215.8          216.5         211.4          205.9         203.9           208.8       196.4       195.4
                               Sub-advisory                                                                     21.7           21.2          20.0           19.1          17.8            16.7        16.8        16.4
                               Interest(1)                                                                      32.0           32.5          32.4           32.2          32.3            32.5        32.5        30.1
                                                                                                               570.8          568.5         542.1          535.7         519.6           511.2       499.0       495.9
                              Earnings before undernoted                                                       309.1          325.8         316.0          284.7         293.2           263.6       282.5       272.7
                              Lifeco other items                                                                (4.0)             –           (4.9)          (0.9)         (1.1)           (6.0)      (10.7)       (5.9)
                              Rockefeller debt refinancing                                                         –              –              –           (3.3)            –               –           –           –
                              Restructuring and other                                                              –              –              –              –             –               –           –     (103.3)
                              Gain on sale of Lifeco                                                               –              –              –              –             –               –           –        (6.2)
                              Lifeco IFRS 17 adjustment                                                            –              –              –              –             –               –           –       15.1
                              Earnings before income taxes                                                     305.1          325.8         311.1          280.5         292.1           257.6       271.8       172.4
                              Income taxes                                                                      69.6           70.4          71.2           63.2          67.3            56.0        60.4        35.4
                              Net earnings from continuing operations                                          235.5          255.4         239.9          217.3         224.8           201.6       211.4       137.0
                              Net earnings from discontinued operations                                            –              –             –              –             –           219.7         (1.5)       1.8
                              Net earnings                                                                     235.5          255.4         239.9          217.3         224.8           421.3       209.9       138.8
                              Non-controlling interest                                                           1.7            0.7           0.7            1.1           1.4             1.7         0.1         0.6
                              Net earnings available to common shareholders                             $      233.8 $        254.7 $       239.2 $        216.2 $       223.4 $         419.6 $     209.8 $     138.2
                              Reconciliation of non-IFRS financial measures ($ millions)
                              Adjusted net earnings available to common shareholders(2)                 $      237.8 $        250.0 $       244.1 $        220.4 $       224.5 $         204.9 $     220.5 $     211.4
                              Other items:
                               Lifeco other items                                                                (4.0)             –           (4.9)         (0.9)          (1.1)          (6.0)     (10.7)        (5.9)
                               Tax loss consolidation                                                               –            4.7              –             –              –              –          –            –
                               Rockefeller debt refinancing                                                         –              –              –          (3.3)             –              –          –            –
                               Gain on sale of IPC                                                                  –              –              –             –              –         220.7           –            –
                               Restructuring and other, net of tax ($27.1 million)                                  –              –              –             –              –              –          –       (76.2)
                               Gain on sale of Lifeco                                                               –              –              –             –              –              –          –         (6.2)
                               Lifeco IFRS 17 adjustment                                                            –              –              –             –              –              –          –        15.1
                              Net earnings available to common shareholders                             $      233.8 $        254.7 $       239.2 $        216.2 $       223.4 $         419.6 $     209.8 $     138.2
                              Earnings per share ($)
                              Adjusted earnings per share(2)
                               – Basic                                                                  $        1.00 $        1.05 $         1.03 $        0.93 $         0.94 $         0.86 $      0.93 $      0.89
                               – Diluted                                                                         1.00          1.05           1.03          0.93           0.94           0.86        0.92        0.89
                              Earnings per share




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                               – Basic                                                                           0.99          1.07           1.01          0.91           0.94           1.76        0.88        0.58
                               – Diluted                                                                         0.98          1.07           1.01          0.91           0.94           1.76        0.88        0.58
                              Average outstanding shares – Diluted (thousands)                              238,233        238,304        236,931       237,397        238,112       238,156       238,550     238,631
                              Average AUM&A ($ billions)
                               Investment fund AUM                                                      $      195.1 $        192.0 $       183.8 $        178.0 $       173.0 $         164.0 $     165.7 $     165.4
                               AUM                                                                             257.7          253.3         243.4          236.3         231.0           219.2       221.5       221.8
                               AUM&A                                                                           274.7          269.3         258.6          250.9         245.0           232.1       233.7       233.6
                              Ending AUM&A ($ billions)
                               Investment fund AUM                                                      $      193.4 $        191.9 $       188.6 $        179.4 $       178.5 $         169.5 $     160.9 $     166.3
                               AUM                                                                             258.1          253.1         249.3          237.4         237.7           226.6       215.2       222.6
                               AUM&A                                                                           275.0          270.4         264.9          252.4         252.2           240.2       227.4       234.7
                               Ending AUM&A Including SI ($ billions)                                   $      503.6 $        483.5 $       461.6 $        431.7 $       422.8 $         390.6 $     373.8 $     376.1
                              (1) Interest expense includes interest on long-term debt and leases.
                              (2) A non-IFRS financial measure – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures section of this document.

                                                                                 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 FIRST QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                                             15
                                    C  12                                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Wealth Management
The Wealth Management segment includes IG Wealth                                         • Proportionate share of associates’ earnings is the
Management and strategic investments in Rockefeller                                        Company’s proportionate share of earnings from the
and Wealthsimple.                                                                          segment’s equity investments.
Wealth Management revenue consists of:                                                   Sub-advisory fees are paid between segments and
• Advisory fees are related to providing financial advice                                to third parties for investment management services
  to clients including fees related to the distribution                                  provided to our investment products. Wealth
  of products and depend largely on the level and                                        Management is considered a client of the Asset
  composition of AUA.                                                                    Management segment and transfer pricing is based on
• Product and program fees are related to the                                            values for similar sized asset management mandates.
  management of investment products and include                                          Debt and interest expense is allocated to each
  management, administration and other related fees                                      IGM Financial segment based on management’s
  and depend largely on the level and composition of                                     assessment of: i) capacity to service the debt, and
  assets under management.                                                               ii) where the debt is being serviced. Income taxes are
• Other financial planning revenues are fees related                                     also reported in each segment.
  to providing clients other financial products including
  mortgages, insurance and banking products.




Review of the Business
IG Wealth Management, founded in 1926, is a                                              IG Wealth Management
leading wealth management company in Canada.
                                                                                         IG Wealth Management is one of the largest
Through a network of advisors located across the
                                                                                         independent financial planning firms in Canada, with
country, IG Wealth Management provides clients with
                                                                                         advisors in every community from coast to coast. We are
personalized advice, comprehensive financial planning,
                                                                                         driven by our mission to inspire financial confidence that
insurance and mortgage services and professionally
                                                                                         can transform the lives of our clients and their families
managed investment solutions.
                                                                                         and we are deeply committed to improving financial
Rockefeller, founded in 2018, is a leading U.S.                                          literacy in the communities where we work and live.
independent financial services advisory firm focused on
                                                                                         Our exclusive network is comprised of 3,150 advisors.
the high-net-worth and ultra-high-net-worth segments.
                                                                                         IG Wealth Management clients are approximately
Rockefeller’s goal is to be a premier advisory firm that
                                                                                         one million individuals, families and business owners.
redefines and elevates the financial services experience
to empower individuals, families, institutions and                                       Canadians hold $6.7 trillion in discretionary financial
corporations to realize their aspirations and achieve their                              assets with financial institutions at December 31,




                                                                                                                                                      PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
most important goals.                                                                    2023, based on the most recent report from Investor
                                                                                         Economics, and we view these savings as IG Wealth
Wealthsimple, founded in 2014, is one of Canada’s fastest
                                                                                         Management’s addressable market. 77% of these savings
growing financial services companies and provides
                                                                                         are held by households with over $1 million, which are
simple digital tools for growing and managing client
                                                                                         referred to to as high net worth, and another 20% reside
money. Wealthsimple’s mission is to help everyone
                                                                                         with households with between $100,000 and $1 million,
achieve financial freedom.
                                                                                         which Investor Economics refers to as mass affluent.
                                                                                         These segments tend to have more complicated financial
                                                                                         needs, and IG Wealth Management’s focus on providing
                                                                                         comprehensive financial planning solutions positions it
                                                                                         well to compete and grow in these segments.

16 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 FIRST QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                      C  13
                              Strategy                                                                     • IG Wealth Management entrepreneurial advisors are
                                                                                                             focused on households with more complex needs by
                              Our goal is to help Canadians achieve financial
                                                                                                             focusing on households with greater than $250,000
                              well-being through better planning as Canada’s top
                                                                                                             of assets.
                              financial planning firm.
                                                                                                           • IG Wealth Management corporate channel advisors
                              We strive to meet our strategic mandate by:
                                                                                                             are focused on servicing households with less complex
                              1) Focusing on key mass affluent and high net worth                            requirements with assets up to $250,000.
                                 segments by aligning our capabilities to industry
                                                                                                           Our entrepreneurial advisor network creates a
                                 wealth drivers.
                                                                                                           competitive advantage and drives client engagement
                              2) Utilizing a segmented advice model to align our                           with a focus on comprehensive financial planning and
                                 best-in-class advice with Canadians’ financial planning                   product solutions. Our advantage is further enabled
                                 needs and complexities.                                                   by hiring top quality advisors, increasing proficiency,
                              3) Leveraging leading innovation to enhance client                           improving technology, implementing a client
                                 experience and improve operational efficiencies.                          segmentation approach and enhancing a strong brand.
                              IG Wealth Management has a client-centric strategy                           AUA consists of the following:
                              with a focus on high net worth (HNW) and mass affluent                       • Clients with household assets greater than $1 million
                              client segments, which we define as households with                            (defined as “high net worth”) which totalled
                              savings over $1 million and between $250,000 and                               $63.2 billion at March 31, 2025, an increase of 23.5%
                              $1 million, respectively.                                                      from one year ago, and represented 45% of total AUA.
                              IG Wealth Management is committed to increasing the                          • Clients with household assets between $250,000 and
                              financial confidence of all Canadians by leveraging our                        $1 million (defined as “mass affluent”) which totalled
                              people, expertise and resources because we believe it                          $55.6 billion at March 31, 2025, an increase of 5.2%
                              will help create stronger communities and a better future                      from one year ago, and represented 39% of total AUA.
                              for all.                                                                     • Clients with household assets less than $250,000
                              We believe that Canadians deserve a high standard of                           (defined as “mass market”) which totalled $22.7 billion
                              advice that takes into consideration all dimensions of                         at March 31, 2025, a decrease of 5.4% from one year
                              their financial lives with financial plans tailored to meet                    ago, and represented 16% of total AUA.
                              and adapt to their needs.                                                    IG Wealth Management advisor practices are industry
                              We focus on providing comprehensive financial advice                         leaders in holding a credentialed financial planning
                              and well-constructed investment solutions designed                           designation. These designations are nationally
                              to deliver returns and risks that take into account each                     recognized financial planning qualifications that
                              client’s needs and requirements.                                             require an individual to demonstrate financial planning
                                                                                                           competence through education, standardized
                              Financial Advice                                                             examinations, continuing education requirements,
                                                                                                           and accountability to ethical standards.
                              Our advisors focus on providing financial advice which
                              is the value of all efforts that sit outside the investment                  The following provides a breakdown of the IG Wealth
                              portfolio construction. This includes the value that an                      Management advisor network into its significant
                              advisor adds to a client relationship and comes from                         components at March 31, 2025:




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                              the creation and follow through of a well-constructed                        • 1,631 advisor practices (1,677 at March 31, 2024), which
                              financial plan.                                                                reflect advisors with more than four years of experience.
                                                                                                             These practices may include associates as described
                              Advisors
                                                                                                             below. The level and productivity of advisor practices
                              IG Wealth Management has a national distribution                               is a key measurement of our business as they serve
                              network of more than 3,000 advisors in communities                             clientele representing approximately 93% of AUA.
                              throughout Canada. Our advisory services are most
                                                                                                           • 212 new advisors (261 at March 31, 2024), which are
                              suited to individuals with complicated financial needs.
                                                                                                             those advisors with less than four years of experience.
                              IG Wealth Management provides advice through two                             • 1,307 associates and regional vice-presidents (1,225
                              primary channels:                                                              at March 31, 2024). Associates are licensed team
                                                                                                             members of advisor practices who provide financial

                                                                     IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 FIRST QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                17
                                   C  14                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
  planning services and advice to the clientele served by                                IG Wealth Management has a full range of products that
  the team.                                                                              allow us to provide a tailored IG Living Plan that evolves
• IG Wealth Management had a total advisor network of                                    over time. These products include:
  3,150 (3,163 at March 31, 2024).                                                       • Powerful financial solutions that include investment
IG Wealth Management uses advisor productivity as                                          vehicles, focusing on managed solutions, that match
a key performance measure in evaluating its advisor                                        risk and investment performance to each client’s needs
network. The productivity is measured based on gross                                       and requirements.
inflows per advisor and is monitored for both advisor                                    • Insurance products that include a variety of policy
recruits with less than four years experience and advisor                                  types from the leading insurers in Canada.
practices with greater than four years experience.                                       • Mortgage banking solutions that are offered as part of
Experienced recruits are included within the greater than                                  a comprehensive financial plan.
four years experience category.                                                          The Charitable Giving Program is a donor-advised giving
• The advisor recruit’s gross inflows were $0.8 million                                  program which enables Canadians to make donations
  per advisor, unchanged from the comparative period                                     and build an enduring charitable giving legacy with
  of 2024.                                                                               considerably less expense and complexity than setting
• The advisor practice gross inflows were $2.3 million per                               up and administering their own private foundation.
  practice, compared to $2.0 million in the comparative                                  The IG Advisory Account (IGAA) is a fee-based account
  period of 2024.                                                                        that improves client experience by offering the ability
We support advisors and clients through our network of                                   to simplify and consolidate selected investments
product and planning specialists, who assist in the areas                                into a single account while providing all our clients
of advanced financial planning, portfolio strategy and                                   with a transparent advisory fee. IGAA increases
insurance. As part of the strategic mortgage partnership,                                fee transparency and can hold most securities and
nesto Inc. provides mortgage planning and home equity                                    investment products available in the marketplace to
line of credit assistance to clients. These specialists help                             individual investors.
to ensure that we are providing comprehensive financial
planning across all elements of a client’s financial life.                               Financial Solutions
Clients are served by our mutual fund licensed and                                       IG Wealth Management strives to achieve expected
securities licensed advisors and specialists.                                            investment returns for the lowest possible risk focusing on
Client Experiences                                                                       managed solutions that create value for clients through
IG Wealth Management distinguishes itself from our                                       active management. To do this, we select and engage
competition by offering comprehensive planning to our                                    high-quality sub-advisors so our clients have access to a
clients that synchronize every aspect of their financial                                 diverse range of investment products and solutions. Each
life. IG Wealth Management services clients located                                      asset manager is selected through a proven and rigorous
in communities throughout Canada. A primary focus                                        process. We oversee all sub-advisors to ensure that their
is on advising and attracting high net worth and mass                                    activities are consistent with their investment philosophies
affluent clients.                                                                        and with the investment objectives and strategies of the
                                                                                         products they advise.
For the distinct needs of the high net worth market,
IG Private Wealth Management focuses on industry wealth                                  Our investment solutions leverage top global asset




                                                                                                                                                        PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
drivers including tax planning and optimization, retirement                              manager relationships including Mackenzie Investments
readiness, wealth transfer and estate planning, small and                                and other world class investment firms such as Fidelity
medium enterprise monetization, high net worth financial                                 Investments Canada, T. Rowe Price (Canada), Sagard
literacy and philanthropy and legacy planning.                                           Credit Partners, Portage, Beutel Goodman & Company,
                                                                                         PanAgora Asset Management, PIMCO Canada Corp.,
IG Living Plan allows clients to collaborate with an                                     Northleaf Capital Partners (Canada), BristolGate Capital
IG Wealth Management advisor through an enhanced                                         Partners, Aristotle Capital Boston, Putnam Investments
digital experience to develop and track a financial plan                                 Canada, Franklin Templeton Investment Management,
which is unique to each client’s goals.                                                  Wellington Management Canada, Rockefeller & Co.,
                                                                                         JPMorgan Asset Management (Canada), Rockefeller
                                                                                         Capital Management, BlackRock Asset Management


18   IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 FIRST QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                        C  15
                              Canada, ClearBridge Investments, 1832 Asset                                 • A deep and broad selection of mutual funds,
                              Management (Dynamic), American Century Investment                             diversified by manager, asset category, investment
                              Management, Manulife Investment Management Limited,                           style, geography, market capitalization and sector.
                              Manulife Investment Management (US) LLC, Manulife                           • Segregated funds that provide for long-term
                              Investment Management (Hong Kong), Guardian Capital                           investment growth potential combined with risk
                              LP and Capital Research and Management Company.                               management, benefit guarantee features and estate
                              We provide clients with an extensive suite of well-                           planning efficiencies.
                              constructed and competitively priced financial solutions                    • Separately managed accounts (discretionary
                              that incorporate public and private market investments                        dealer-managed accounts).
                              as well as alternative investment strategies. We regularly                  We have incorporated investments in private assets into
                              enhance the scope and diversity of our investment                           various mandates through commitments to investments
                              offering with new funds and product changes that                            managed by Northleaf, BlackRock, PIMCO and Sagard.
                              enable clients to achieve their goals. We believe that well-
                              constructed managed solutions provide advisors with the                     IG Wealth Management monitors its investment
                              best opportunity to focus on providing financial advice to                  performance by comparing to certain benchmarks.
                              their clients.                                                              Morningstar† fund ranking service is one of the rankings
                                                                                                          monitored when determining fund performance.
                              In the first quarter of 2025, IG Wealth Management
                              received 11 Fundata FundGrade A +† awards. The awards                       At March 31, 2025, 95.4% of IG Wealth Management
                              are presented annually to Canadian investment funds that                    mutual fund assets had a rating of three stars or better
                              achieve consistently high FundGrade scores throughout                       from Morningstar† fund ranking service and 75.1%
                              the previous calendar year.                                                 had a rating of four or five stars. This compared to the
                                                                                                          Morningstar† universe of 87.0% for three stars or better
                              We provide portfolio construction with investment                           and 54.0% for four and five star funds at March 31,
                              solutions that include public markets, private markets, and                 2025. Morningstar Ratings† are an objective, quantitative
                              alternative strategies.                                                     measure of a fund’s three, five and ten year risk-adjusted
                              Our investment solutions include:                                           performance relative to comparable funds.
                              • Wealth Portfolios are a suite of professionally managed
                                portfolio solutions that employ leading global                            Other Products and Services
                                asset managers and offer extensive diversification,                       Segregated Funds
                                including access to difficult-to-reach asset classes like                 IG Wealth Management offers segregated funds
                                real property and alternatives. These fund-on-fund                        which include the IG Series of Guaranteed Investment
                                solutions provide options to amplify specific outcomes,                   Funds (GIFs). Select GIF policies allow for a Lifetime
                                such as lower volatility, higher income, or higher                        Income Benefit (LIB) option to provide guaranteed
                                potential capital growth.                                                 retirement income for life. The investment components
                              • iProfile™ Portfolios provide the same investment                          of these segregated funds are managed by IG Wealth
                                expertise and approach to building portfolios that                        Management. At March 31, 2025, total segregated fund
                                are typically reserved for only the largest investors.                    assets were $1.2 billion, unchanged from March 31, 2024.
                                The portfolios include a variety of sophisticated
                                                                                                          Insurance
                                investment strategies, such as alternative assets and
                                                                                                          IG Wealth Management distributes life insurance in




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                private markets, that are out of reach for individual
                                investors. The portfolios offer wide diversification,                     Canada through its arrangements with leading insurance
                                across a variety of asset classes to help minimize risk                   companies, and offers a broad range of term, universal
                                and maximize returns.                                                     life, whole life, disability, critical illness, long-term care,
                                                                                                          personal health care coverage and group insurance.
                              • iProfile™ Private Discretionary Portfolios are model
                                portfolios comprised of iProfile Private Pools, available                 At March 31, 2025, total in-force policies were
                                for households with investments held at IG Wealth                         approximately 371 thousand with an insured value of
                                Management in excess of $250,000. iProfile Private                        $106 billion, compared to approximately 374 thousand
                                Discretionary Portfolios have been designed to deliver                    with an insured value of $105 billion at March 31, 2024.
                                strong risk-adjusted returns by diversifying across asset                 Distribution of insurance products is enhanced through
                                classes, management styles and geographic regions.                        IG Wealth Management’s Insurance Planning Specialists,


                                                                    IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 FIRST QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                19
                                   C  16                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
located throughout Canada, who assist advisors                                                 Private Company Advisory
with advanced estate planning solutions for high net                                           Private Company Advisory is a comprehensive service
worth clients.                                                                                 to business owners in the small to midsize segment that
                                                                                               provides advice on debt and equity financing, business
Securities Operations
                                                                                               valuation and succession.
Investors Group Securities Inc. is an investment dealer
registered in all Canadian provinces and territories
providing clients with securities services to complement                                       Wealth Management AUM and AUA
their financial and investment planning.                                                       AUM and AUA are key performance indicators for the
                                                                                               Wealth Management segment and are detailed in
Mortgage Banking Operations
                                                                                               Tables 7 and 8.
Mortgages, which include home equity lines of
credit (HELOCs), are offered to clients by IG Wealth                                           Wealth Management AUA including strategic investments
Management. Licensed mortgage brokers are located                                              were $206.8 billion at March 31, 2025, compared to
throughout each province in Canada, and work with                                              $176.0 billion at March 31, 2024. Strategic investments AUA
our clients and their advisors to develop mortgage                                             is based on the Company’s interest in these companies.
and lending strategies that meet the individual needs                                          IG Wealth Management’s AUA were $141.5 billion at
and goals of each client as part of their comprehensive                                        March 31, 2025, an increase of 10.6% from March 31,
financial plan.                                                                                2024. The level of AUA is influenced by three factors:
Mortgage fundings offered through IG Wealth                                                    client inflows, client outflows and investment returns.
Management for the quarter ended March 31, 2025                                                AUA represents savings and investment products,
were $237 million compared to $155 million, an increase                                        including AUM where we provide investment
of 52.8%. At March 31, 2025, mortgages serviced totalled                                       management services, that are held within our clients’
$6.8 billion, compared to $6.7 billion at March 31, 2024,                                      accounts. Advisory fees are charged based on an annual
an increase of 1.2%.                                                                           percentage of substantially all AUA, through the IG
                                                                                               Advisory Account fee, and represent the majority of




Table 7: Change in AUA – Wealth Management
                                                                                                                                                               Change
Three months ended                                                                                 2025                 2024             2024        2024       2024
($ millions)                                                                                      Mar. 31             Dec. 31           Mar. 31    Dec. 31     Mar. 31
Change in AUA – IG Wealth Management
 Gross client inflows                                                                         $      4,166        $         3,917   $     3,699        6.4 %      12.6 %
 Gross client outflows(1)                                                                            3,448                  3,364         3,653        2.5        (5.6)
 Net flows                                                                                              718                   553            46       29.8        N/M
 Investment returns                                                                                     391                 3,459         6,752      (88.7)       (94.2)
 Net change in assets                                                                                1,109                  4,012         6,798      (72.4)       (83.7)
 Beginning assets                                                                                 140,420             136,408           121,223        2.9        15.8




                                                                                                                                                                            PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
 Ending AUA                                                                                   $ 141,529           $ 140,420         $ 128,021          0.8 %      10.6 %
Strategic investments ending AUA
 Rockefeller                                                                                  $ 45,425            $    44,542       $    36,957        2.0 %       22.9 %
 Wealthsimple                                                                                   19,851                 17,400            11,013       14.1         80.3
 Intra-segment eliminations                                                                         (8)                    (8)               (6)         –        (33.3)
                                                                                              $ 65,268            $    61,934       $    47,964        5.4 %      36.1 %
Consolidated ending AUA including strategic investments                                       $ 206,797           $ 202,354         $ 175,985          2.2 %      17.5 %
Daily average AUA
 IG Wealth Management                                                                         $ 142,499           $ 139,352         $ 123,975          2.3 %      14.9 %

(1) In the first quarter of 2024, the IG Wealth Management pension plan redeemed $177 million from IG Wealth Management mutual funds that was re-allocated into
    a separately managed account managed by Mackenzie.


20 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 FIRST QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                      C  17
                              Table 8: Change in AUM – IG Wealth Management
                                                                                                                                                                                                 Change
                              Three months ended                                                                          2025                 2024               2024                 2024       2024
                              ($ millions)                                                                               Mar. 31             Dec. 31             Mar. 31             Dec. 31     Mar. 31
                              Sales                                                                                  $      4,907        $      3,814        $      3,797               28.7 %      29.2 %
                              Redemptions(1)                                                                                3,963               3,430               4,112               15.5        (3.6)
                              Net sales (redemptions)                                                                         944                 384                (315)             145.8       N/M
                              Investment returns                                                                              501               2,028               6,246              (75.3)      (92.0)
                              Net change in assets                                                                         1,445               2,412               5,931               (40.1)      (75.6)
                              Beginning assets                                                                           123,200             120,788             107,635                 2.0        14.5
                              Ending assets                                                                          $ 124,645           $ 123,200           $ 113,566                   1.2 %       9.8 %
                              Daily average AUM                                                                      $ 125,457           $ 123,288           $ 110,003                   1.8 %      14.0 %
                              (1) In the first quarter of 2024, the IG Wealth Management pension plan redeemed $177 million from IG Wealth Management mutual funds that was re-allocated into
                                  a separately managed account managed by Mackenzie.




                              the fees earned from our clients. Our entrepreneurial                                   increase of $391 million in AUA compared to an increase
                              advisors’ compensation is also based on AUA and net                                     of $6.8 billion in the first quarter of 2024.
                              assets contributed by our clients.                                                      For the quarter ended March 31, 2025, sales of IG Wealth
                              At March 31, 2025, Rockefeller’s client assets were                                     Management mutual funds through its advisor network
                              USD $154.4 billion ($222.1 billion) compared to USD                                     were $4.9 billion, an increase of 29.2% from the
                              $133.4 billion ($180.7 billion) at March 31, 2024, an                                   comparable period in 2024. Mutual fund redemptions
                              increase of 15.7% (CAD 22.9%). IGM Financial holds a                                    totalled $4.0 billion, a decrease of 3.6% from 2024.
                              20.5% interest in Rockefeller.                                                          IG Wealth Management mutual fund net sales for the
                              At March 31, 2025, Wealthsimple’s AUA was $73.0 billion                                 first quarter of 2025 were $944 million compared to
                              compared to $38.7 billion at March 31, 2024, an increase                                net redemptions of $315 million in 2024. During the
                              of 88.6%. IGM Financial holds a 27.2% interest in                                       first quarter, investment returns resulted in an increase
                              Wealthsimple at March 31, 2025, compared to 28.5% at                                    of $501 million in mutual fund assets compared to an
                              March 31, 2024.                                                                         increase of $6.2 billion in the first quarter of 2024.
                                                                                                                      IG Wealth Management’s annualized quarterly
                              IG Wealth Management AUM and AUA                                                        redemption rate for long-term funds was 12.2% in the
                              Change in AUM & AUA – Q1 2025 vs. Q1 2024                                               first quarter of 2025, compared to 14.4% in the first
                              IG Wealth Management’s AUA were $141.5 billion at                                       quarter of 2024. IG Wealth Management’s twelve month
                              March 31, 2025, an increase of 10.6% from $128.0 billion                                trailing redemption rate for long-term funds was 12.1% at
                              at March 31, 2024. IG Wealth Management’s mutual fund                                   March 31, 2025, compared to 12.7% at March 31, 2024. The
                              AUM were $124.6 billion at March 31, 2025, representing                                 corresponding average twelve month trailing redemption
                              an increase of 9.8% from $113.6 billion at March 31, 2024.                              rate for all other members of the Securities and Investment
                              Average daily mutual fund assets were $125.5 billion in                                 Management Association (SIMA), formerly IFIC, was




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                              the first quarter of 2025, up 14.0% from $110.0 billion in                              approximately 15.5% at March 31, 2025.
                              the first quarter of 2024.                                                              In January 2024, the IG Wealth Management
                              For the quarter ended March 31, 2025, gross client                                      pension plan redeemed $177 million from IG Wealth
                              inflows of IG Wealth Management AUA were $4.2 billion,                                  Management mutual funds that was re-allocated into a
                              compared to $3.7 billion in 2024. For the quarter ended                                 separately managed account managed by Mackenzie
                              March 31, 2025, gross inflows from newly acquired                                       Investments. Excluding this activity, net client inflows
                              clients with more than $1.0 million of assets accounted                                 and net redemptions for the first quarter of 2024 were
                              for 38.1% of all newly acquired client inflows. Net                                     $223 million and $138 million, respectively.
                              client inflows were $718 million compared to net client
                              inflows of $46 million in the comparable period in 2024.
                              During the first quarter, investment returns resulted in an

                                                                              IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 FIRST QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                                     21
                                    C  18                                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Change in AUM & AUA – Q1 2025 vs. Q4 2024                                                first quarter, investment returns resulted in an increase
IG Wealth Management’s AUA were $141.5 billion at                                        of $391 million in AUA compared to an increase of
March 31, 2025, an increase of 0.8% from $140.4 billion                                  $3.5 billion in the prior quarter.
at December 31, 2024. IG Wealth Management’s mutual                                      For the quarter ended March 31, 2025, sales of IG Wealth
fund AUM were $124.6 billion at March 31, 2025, an                                       Management mutual funds through its advisor network
increase of 1.2% from $123.2 billion at December 31, 2024.                               were $4.9 billion, an increase of 28.7% from the fourth
Average daily mutual fund assets were $125.5 billion in                                  quarter of 2024. Mutual fund redemptions totalled
the first quarter of 2025 compared to $123.3 billion in the                              $4.0 billion for the first quarter, an increase of 15.5%
fourth quarter of 2024, an increase of 1.8%.                                             from the previous quarter, and the annualized quarterly
For the quarter ended March 31, 2025, gross client                                       redemption rate was 12.2% in the first quarter compared
inflows of IG Wealth Management AUA were $4.2 billion,                                   to 10.5% in the fourth quarter of 2024. IG Wealth
compared to $3.9 billion in the prior quarter. Net                                       Management mutual fund net sales were $944 million for
client inflows were $718 million compared to net client                                  the current quarter compared to net sales of $384 million
inflows of $553 million in the prior quarter. During the                                 in the previous quarter.




                                                                                                                                                     PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.




22   IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 FIRST QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                        C  19
                              Review of Segment Operating Results
                              The Wealth Management segment’s adjusted net                                             from the first quarter in 2024 and a decrease of 4.8%
                              earnings are presented in Table 9 and include the                                        from the prior quarter.
                              operations of IG Wealth Management and earnings
                              related to strategic investments.                                                        Q1 2025 vs. Q1 2024
                                                                                                                       Fee Income
                              IG Wealth Management                                                                     Advisory fees include fees for providing financial advice
                              IG Wealth Management’s adjusted net earnings are                                         to clients including fees related to the distribution
                              presented within Table 10. Adjusted net earnings for                                     of products, and depend largely on the level and
                              the first quarter of 2025 were $128.4 million, an increase                               composition of AUA. Advisory fees were $342.1 million
                              of 9.6% from the first quarter in 2024 and a decrease of                                 in the first quarter of 2025, an increase of $33.0 million or
                              5.1% from the prior quarter.                                                             10.7% from $309.1 million in 2024.

                              Adjusted earnings before interest and taxes for the first                                The increase in advisory fees in the three months ending
                              quarter of 2025 were $200.7 million, an increase of 8.1%                                 March 31, 2025 was primarily due to the increase in
                                                                                                                       average AUA of 14.9%, as shown in Table 7, partially



                              Table 9: Operating Results – Wealth Management
                                                                                                                                                                                                  Change
                              Three months ended                                                                           2025                 2024               2024                 2024       2024
                              ($ millions)                                                                                Mar. 31             Dec. 31             Mar. 31             Dec. 31     Mar. 31
                              Revenues
                               Wealth Management
                                Advisory fees                                                                         $      342.1        $      342.2        $      309.1                  –%       10.7 %
                                Product and program fees                                                                     263.9               265.7               234.2               (0.7)       12.7
                                                                                                                             606.0               607.9               543.3                (0.3)      11.5
                                Other financial planning revenues                                                             36.8                42.4                41.2              (13.2)      (10.7)
                               Total Wealth Management                                                                       642.8               650.3               584.5                (1.2)      10.0
                               Net investment income and other                                                                 2.1                 3.3                 5.3              (36.4)      (60.4)
                               Proportionate share of associates’ earnings                                                    (3.7)               (2.4)               (5.1)             (54.2)       27.5
                                                                                                                             641.2               651.2               584.7               (1.5)        9.7
                              Expenses
                               Advisory and business development
                                Asset-based compensation                                                                     184.0               178.2               156.7                3.3        17.4
                                Sales-based compensation                                                                      27.7                27.0                25.1                2.6        10.4
                                Other
                                 Other product commissions                                                                     20.3                23.0                19.4             (11.7)        4.6
                                 Business development                                                                          43.1                45.9                43.0               (6.1)       0.2




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                                                                                                               63.4                68.9                62.4              (8.0)        1.6
                               Total advisory and business development                                                       275.1               274.1               244.2                0.4        12.7
                               Operations and support                                                                        117.9               118.4               115.0               (0.4)        2.5
                               Sub-advisory                                                                                   51.5                50.5                45.3                2.0        13.7
                                                                                                                            444.5                443.0               404.5                0.3         9.9
                              Adjusted earnings before interest and taxes(1)                                                 196.7               208.2               180.2               (5.5)        9.2
                              Interest expense                                                                                25.5                26.0                25.8               (1.9)       (1.2)
                              Adjusted earnings before income taxes(1)                                                       171.2               182.2               154.4               (6.0)       10.9
                              Income taxes                                                                                    46.9                49.3                43.2               (4.9)        8.6
                              Adjusted net earnings(1)                                                                $      124.3        $      132.9        $      111.2               (6.5)%      11.8 %

                              (1) A non-IFRS financial measure – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures section of this document.


                                                                               IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 FIRST QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                                     23
                                    C  20                                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Table 10: Operating Results – IG Wealth Management
                                                                                                                                                               Change
Three months ended                                                                                  2025                 2024             2024       2024       2024
($ millions)                                                                                       Mar. 31             Dec. 31           Mar. 31   Dec. 31     Mar. 31
Revenues
 Wealth Management
  Advisory fees                                                                                $      342.1        $         342.2   $    309.1          –%       10.7 %
  Product and program fees                                                                            263.9                  265.7        234.2       (0.7)       12.7
                                                                                                      606.0                  607.9        543.3        (0.3)       11.5
   Other financial planning revenues                                                                   36.8                   42.4         41.2      (13.2)       (10.7)
 Total Wealth Management                                                                              642.8                  650.3        584.5        (1.2)       10.0
 Net investment income and other                                                                        2.1                    3.3          5.3      (36.4)       (60.4)
                                                                                                      644.9                  653.6        589.8       (1.3)         9.3
Expenses
 Advisory and business development
  Asset-based compensation                                                                            184.0                  178.2        156.7        3.3        17.4
  Sales-based compensation                                                                             27.7                   27.0         25.1        2.6        10.4
  Other
   Other product commissions                                                                            20.3                  23.0          19.4     (11.7)         4.6
   Business development                                                                                 43.1                  45.9          43.0       (6.1)        0.2
                                                                                                        63.4                  68.9          62.4      (8.0)         1.6
 Total advisory and business development                                                              275.1                  274.1        244.2        0.4        12.7
 Operations and support                                                                               117.6                  118.2        114.7       (0.5)        2.5
 Sub-advisory                                                                                          51.5                   50.5         45.3        2.0        13.7
                                                                                                     444.2                   442.8        404.2        0.3          9.9
Adjusted earnings before interest and taxes(1)                                                        200.7                  210.8        185.6       (4.8)         8.1
Interest expense                                                                                       25.5                   26.0         25.8       (1.9)        (1.2)
Adjusted earnings before income taxes(1)                                                              175.2                  184.8        159.8       (5.2)         9.6
Income taxes                                                                                           46.8                   49.5         42.6       (5.5)         9.9
Adjusted net earnings(1)                                                                       $      128.4        $         135.3   $    117.2       (5.1)%        9.6 %

(1) A non-IFRS financial measure – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures section of this document.




offset by one less day in 2025 compared to the same                                             Other financial planning revenues are primarily
period in 2024, and a decrease in the advisory fee rate.                                        earned from:
The average advisory fee rate for the first quarter was                                         • Mortgage banking operations
97.4 basis points of average AUA compared to 100.3 basis                                        • Distribution of insurance products through
points in 2024. Fee rates are determined based on client                                          I.G. Insurance Services Inc.
AUA levels and the average rate will fluctuate based on
                                                                                                • Securities trading services provided through




                                                                                                                                                                            PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
changes in a client’s AUA as well as product mix
                                                                                                  Investors Group Securities Inc.
Product and program fees depend largely on the level
                                                                                                Other financial planning revenues of $36.8 million for
and composition of mutual fund AUM. Product and
                                                                                                the first quarter of 2025 decreased by $4.4 million from
program fees totalled $263.9 million in the current quarter,
                                                                                                $41.2 million in 2024. The change for the three month
up 12.7% from $234.2 million a year ago primarily due to
                                                                                                period was due to lower earnings from the mortgage
the increase in average AUM of 14.0%, as shown in Table
                                                                                                banking operations and lower revenues from the
8, partially offset by one less day in 2025 compared to the
                                                                                                distribution of banking products partially offset by higher
same period in 2024. The average product and program
                                                                                                revenue related to distribution of insurance products.
fee rate for the first quarter was 85.3 basis points of AUM
                                                                                                The lower earnings in the mortgage banking operations
compared to 85.6 basis points in 2024.



24 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 FIRST QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                     C  21
                              for the quarter was due to a decrease in fair value                                           Asset based compensation includes compensation
                              adjustments.                                                                                  paid to both the entrepreneurial advisor and the
                              A summary of mortgage banking operations for the                                              corporate channels. The entrepreneurial advisor channel
                              periods under review is presented in Table 11.                                                compensation fluctuates primarily with the value of
                                                                                                                            AUA and product mix while the corporate channel
                              Net Investment Income and Other                                                               fluctuates largely based on the number of clients within
                              Net investment income and other consists of unrealized                                        the channel. Asset-based compensation increased by
                              gains or losses on investments in proprietary funds,                                          $27.3 million for the three months ended March 31, 2025
                              investment income earned on our cash and cash                                                 to $184.0 million compared to 2024, primarily due to
                              equivalents and securities, and other income not                                              increases in AUA and other compensation changes.
                              related to our core business. It also includes a charge                                       IG Wealth Management sales-based compensation is
                              from the Corporate and Other segment for the use of                                           based upon the level of net new assets contributed to
                              unallocated capital.                                                                          client accounts at IG Wealth Management (subject to
                              Expenses                                                                                      eligibility requirements). All sales-based compensation
                              IG Wealth Management incurs advisory and business                                             payments are capitalized and amortized as they reflect
                              development expenses that include compensation                                                incremental costs to obtain a client contract. Sales-based
                              paid to our advisors. The majority of these costs vary                                        compensation was $27.7 million for the first quarter of
                              directly with asset or sales levels. Also included are other                                  2025, an increase of $2.6 million from $25.1 million in 2024.
                              distribution and business development activities which                                        Other advisory and business development expenses
                              do not vary directly with asset or sales levels, such as                                      were $63.4 million in the first quarter of 2025, compared
                              corporate channel, direct marketing and advertising,                                          to $62.4 million in 2024, an increase of $1.0 million
                              financial planning specialist support and other costs                                         primarily due to higher compensation paid on the
                              incurred to support our advisor networks. These                                               distribution of insurance products.
                              expenses tend to be discretionary or vary based upon
                              the number of advisors or clients.


                              Table 11: Mortgage Banking Operations – IG Wealth Management
                                                                                                                                                                                                    Change
                              Three months ended                                                                              2025                2024               2024                 2024       2024
                              ($ millions)                                                                                   Mar. 31            Dec. 31             Mar. 31             Dec. 31     Mar. 31
                              Total mortgage banking income
                               Net interest income on securitized loans
                                Interest income                                                                         $        49.1       $        49.7       $        42.8              (1.2)%      14.7 %
                                Interest expense                                                                                 47.1                47.0                40.5               0.2        16.3
                                Net interest income                                                                               2.0                  2.7                 2.3            (25.9)     (13.0)
                               Gains (losses) on sales(1)                                                                         1.2                  0.7                 0.5             71.4      140.0
                               Fair value adjustments                                                                            (0.8)                (0.9)                2.0             11.1       N/M
                               Other                                                                                              3.1                  4.5                 5.6            (31.1)     (44.6)




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                                                                                                        $         5.5       $          7.0      $        10.4             (21.4)%     (47.1)%
                              Average mortgages serviced
                               Securitizations                                                                          $      5,021        $      4,964        $      4,676                1.1 %       7.4 %
                               Other                                                                                           1,787               1,820               2,088               (1.8)      (14.4)
                                                                                                                        $      6,808        $      6,784        $      6,764                0.4 %       0.7 %
                              Mortgage sales to:(2)
                               Securitizations                                                                          $         313       $         434       $         262             (27.9)%     19.5 %
                               Other(1)                                                                                           139                  74                  47              87.8      195.7
                                                                                                                        $         452       $         508       $         309             (11.0)%      46.3 %

                              (1) Represents sales to institutional investors through private placements and to IG Mackenzie Mortgage and Short Term Income Fund, as well as gains (losses) realized
                                  on those sales.
                              (2) Represents principal amounts sold.


                                                                                IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 FIRST QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                                     25
                                    C  22                                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Operations and support includes costs that support our                                          Product and program fees were $263.9 million in the
wealth management and other general and administrative                                          first quarter of 2025, a decrease of $1.8 million from
functions such as product management, technology and                                            $265.7 million in the fourth quarter of 2024. The decrease
operations, as well as other functional business units and                                      was primarily due to two fewer days in the quarter,
corporate expenses. Operations and support expenses                                             partially offset by the increase in average AUM of 1.8%,
were $117.6 million for the first quarter of 2025 compared                                      as shown in Table 8. The average product and program
to $114.7 million in 2024, an increase of $2.9 million.                                         fee rate was 85.3 basis points of AUM compared to 85.5
Sub-advisory expenses were $51.5 million for the first                                          basis points from the fourth quarter.
quarter of 2025 compared to $45.3 million in 2024,                                              Other financial planning revenues of $36.8 million in
an increase of $6.2 million or 13.7%, primarily due to                                          the first quarter of 2025 decreased by $5.6 million from
changes in AUM.                                                                                 $42.4 million in the fourth quarter due to lower earnings
                                                                                                from the mortgage banking operations and lower
Interest Expense
                                                                                                revenues from the distribution of insurance products.
Interest expense, which includes allocated interest
expense on long-term debt and interest expense on                                               Expenses
leases, totalled $25.5 million in the first quarter of 2025,                                    Advisory and business development expenses in the
compared to $25.8 million in 2024. Long-term debt                                               current quarter were $275.1 million, an increase of
interest expense is calculated based on an allocation                                           $1.0 million from $274.1 million in the previous quarter.
of IGM Financial’s long-term debt of $1.95 billion to                                           The increase is primarily due to increases in asset-based
IG Wealth Management.                                                                           compensation as a result of higher AUA, partially offset
                                                                                                by lower compensation paid on the distribution of
Q1 2025 vs. Q4 2024                                                                             insurance products and seasonality of expenses.
Fee Income                                                                                      Operations and support expenses were $117.6 million
Advisory fee income decreased by $0.1 million to                                                for the first quarter of 2025 compared to $118.2 million in
$342.1 million in the first quarter of 2025 compared to the                                     the previous quarter.
fourth quarter of 2024. The decrease in advisory fees in
the first quarter was primarily due to two fewer days in                                        Wealth Management Strategic Investments
the quarter, partially offset by the increase in average AUA
                                                                                                Wealth Management strategic investment’s adjusted net
of 2.3% for the quarter, as shown in Table 7. The average
                                                                                                earnings are presented within Table 12. Adjusted net
advisory fee rate for the first quarter was 97.4 basis points
                                                                                                earnings for the first quarter of 2025 were ($4.1) million,
of average AUA, compared to 97.7 basis points in the
                                                                                                compared to ($6.0) million in 2024 and ($2.4) million in the
fourth quarter. Fee rates are determined based on client
                                                                                                prior quarter.
AUA levels and the average rate will fluctuate based on
changes in a client’s AUA as well as product mix.


Table 12: Operating Results – Wealth Management Strategic Investments
                                                                                                                                                                Change
Three months ended                                                                                  2025                 2024             2024        2024       2024
($ millions)                                                                                       Mar. 31             Dec. 31           Mar. 31    Dec. 31     Mar. 31




                                                                                                                                                                            PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
Revenues
 Proportionate share of associates’ earnings
  Rockefeller                                                                                  $        (4.3)      $         (2.5)   $      (4.4)     (72.0)%       2.3 %
  Other                                                                                                  0.6                  0.1           (0.7)     N/M          N/M
                                                                                                        (3.7)                (2.4)          (5.1)     (54.2)       27.5
Expenses
 Operations and support                                                                                  0.3                 0.2             0.3       50.0             –
Adjusted earnings before income taxes              (1)
                                                                                                        (4.0)                (2.6)          (5.4)     (53.8)        25.9
Income taxes                                                                                             0.1                 (0.2)           0.6      N/M          (83.3)
Adjusted net earnings(1)                                                                       $        (4.1)      $         (2.4)   $      (6.0)     (70.8)%      31.7 %
(1) A non-IFRS financial measure – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures section of this document.


26 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 FIRST QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                      C  23
                              Asset Management
                              The Asset Management segment includes Mackenzie                              is based on values for similar sized asset management
                              Investments and strategic investments in ChinaAMC                            mandates.
                              and Northleaf.                                                           • Proportionate share of associates’ earnings is the
                              Asset Management revenue reflects:                                         Company’s proportionate share of earnings from the
                              • Net asset management fees – third party includes                         equity investments in ChinaAMC and Northleaf.
                                fees received from our investment funds and fees from                  Assets managed by Mackenzie for IG Wealth Management
                                third parties for investment management services.                      are included in the Asset Management segment’s AUM.
                                Compensation paid to dealers offsets the fees earned.                  Debt and interest expense is allocated to each
                              • Asset management fees – Wealth Management                              IGM Financial segment based on management’s
                                includes fees received from the Wealth Management                      assessment of: i) capacity to service the debt, and
                                segment. Wealth Management is considered a client of                   ii) where the debt is being serviced. Income taxes are
                                the Asset Management segment and transfer pricing                      also reported in each segment.




                              Review of the Business
                              Mackenzie Investments is a diversified asset management                  maintained a position among the market leaders in
                              solutions provider founded in 1967. We provide                           China’s asset management industry. ChinaAMC drives
                              investment management and related services with a                        for growth through product innovation and offering
                              wide range of investment mandates through a boutique                     multi-asset investment solutions and services to a
                              structure and multiple distribution channels. We are                     diversified group of retail and institutional clients.
                              committed to delivering strong investment performance                    Northleaf is a global private equity, private credit and
                              for our clients by drawing on more than 50 years of                      infrastructure fund manager headquartered in Toronto.
                              investment management experience.                                        Northleaf seeks to deliver high absolute risk-adjusted
                              Mackenzie earns asset management fees primarily from:                    returns from access to value creation outside
                              • Management fees earned from its investment funds,                      public markets.
                                sub-advised accounts and institutional clients.
                              • Fees earned from its mutual funds for administrative                   Mackenzie Investments
                                services.                                                              Strategy
                              • Redemption fees on deferred sales charge and low                       Mackenzie’s mission is to create a more invested world,
                                load units.                                                            together.
                              The largest component of Mackenzie’s revenues                            Mackenzie’s objective is to become Canada’s preferred
                              is management fees. The amount of management                             global asset management solutions provider and




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                              fees depends on the level and composition of AUM.                        business partner.
                              Management fee rates vary depending on the
                              investment objective and the account type of the                         Mackenzie’s strategic mandates are: win Canadian retail;
                              underlying AUM. Equity based mandates have higher                        build meaningful strategic partnerships; and develop
                              management fee rates than fixed income mandates and                      presence in underpenetrated channels with a targeted
                              retail mutual fund accounts have higher management fee                   approach. We achieve our strategic mandates with the
                              rates than exchange traded funds, sub-advised accounts                   following focus areas:
                              and institutional accounts.                                              • Continuously improving distribution with a segmented
                                                                                                         approach;
                              Founded in 1998 as one of the first fund management
                              companies in China, ChinaAMC has developed and                           • Delivering competitive risk adjusted investment
                                                                                                         performance;

                                                                 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 FIRST QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                27
                                  C  24                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
• Advancing brand leadership;                                                            companies and other investment companies. Strategic
• Creating innovative and relevant products and solutions;                               alliances with related parties include providing
• Encouraging a sustainable future;                                                      advisory services to IG Wealth Management and Lifeco
                                                                                         subsidiaries. Mackenzie partners with Wealthsimple to
• Ensuring operational excellence and efficiency;
                                                                                         distribute ETFs through their product shelf. Mackenzie
• Fostering a high performing, diverse and winning culture.                              also serves as one of two exclusive investment
Our focus areas drive future business growth. We aim                                     solutions providers to PFSL Investment Canada Ltd.
to achieve this by being committed to the success of                                     (Primerica) and launched a suite of 28 funds designed
our clients, attracting and fostering the best minds                                     to address the specific needs of Primerica advisors
in the investment industry, maintaining a boutique                                       and their clients. Within the strategic alliance channel,
investment approach, having an innovative and future                                     Mackenzie’s primary distribution relationship is with the
oriented product focus, and being responsible in                                         head office of the respective bank, insurance company
everything we do.                                                                        or investment company.
Our investment management capabilities are delivered                                     In the institutional channel, Mackenzie provides
through a boutique structure, with separate in-house                                     investment management services to pension plans,
teams having distinct focuses and diverse styles. Our                                    foundations and other institutions. We attract new
research and portfolio management teams are located                                      institutional business through our relationships with
in Toronto, Montreal, Winnipeg, Vancouver, Boston,                                       pension and management consultants.
Dublin and Hong Kong. In addition, our ownership                                         Gross sales and redemption activity in strategic alliance
interest in Northleaf enhances our investment capabilities                               and institutional accounts can be more pronounced
by offering global private equity, private credit and                                    than in the retail channel, given the relative size and the
infrastructure investment solutions to our clients and our                               nature of the distribution relationships of these accounts.
ownership interest in ChinaAMC offers our clients access                                 These accounts are also subject to ongoing reviews
to Chinese capital markets. We also supplement our                                       and rebalance activities which may result in a significant
investment capabilities with strategic partners (third party                             change in the level of AUM.
sub-advisors) in selected areas. The development of a
broad range of investment capabilities and products is a                                 Mackenzie continues to be positioned to build and
key strength in supporting the evolving financial needs                                  enhance our distribution relationships given our team of
of investors.                                                                            experienced investment professionals, strength of our
                                                                                         distribution network, broad product shelf, competitively
Our business focuses on three key distribution channels:                                 priced products and our focus on client experience and
retail, strategic alliances and institutional.                                           investment excellence.
Mackenzie primarily distributes its retail investment
products through third-party financial advisors. Our                                     Investment Management
sales teams work with many of the more than 30,000                                       Mackenzie has $218.6 billion in AUM at March 31, 2025,
independent financial advisors and their firms across                                    including $85.1 billion of sub-advisory mandates to the
Canada. Our innovative, comprehensive lineup of                                          Wealth Management segment.
investment solutions covers all asset classes and parts of
the globe. We offer a range of relevant products and                                     We continue to deliver our investment offerings
investment solutions designed to help advisors meet the                                  through a boutique structure, with separate in-house




                                                                                                                                                       PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
evolving needs of their clients. We regularly introduce                                  investment teams which each have a distinct focus and
new funds and we may merge or streamline our fund                                        investment approach. Our investment team currently
offerings to provide enhanced investment solutions.                                      consists of 16 boutiques. This boutique approach
                                                                                         promotes diversification of styles and ideas and
In addition to our retail distribution team, Mackenzie also                              provides Mackenzie with a breadth of capabilities.
has specialty teams focused on strategic alliances and the                               Oversight is conducted through a common process
institutional marketplace.                                                               intended to promote superior risk-adjusted returns over
Within the strategic alliance channel, Mackenzie                                         time. This oversight process focuses on i) identifying
offers certain series of our mutual funds and provides                                   and encouraging each team’s performance edge,
sub-advisory services to third-party and related party                                   ii) promoting best practices in portfolio construction,
investment programs offered by banks, insurance                                          and iii) emphasizing risk management.


28   IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 FIRST QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                       C  25
                              Mackenzie’s 56% economic interest in Northleaf                              • Mackenzie Target 2029 North American IG Corporate
                              enhances its investment capabilities by offering                              Bond Fund
                              global private equity, private credit and infrastructure                    • Mackenzie US Value Fund
                              investment solutions to our clients.
                                                                                                          Alternative Funds
                              In addition to our own investment teams, Mackenzie
                                                                                                          Mackenzie currently has eight alternative funds, including
                              supplements investment capabilities through the use
                                                                                                          four products in collaboration with Northleaf Capital
                              of third party sub-advisors and strategic beta index
                                                                                                          Partners (Northleaf) as part of its ongoing commitment to
                              providers in selected areas. These include Putnam
                                                                                                          expand retail investor access to private market investment
                              Investments and ChinaAMC. With the launch of the
                                                                                                          solutions. During the first quarter of 2025, the Mackenzie
                              suite of 28 FuturePath Funds for Primerica, the following
                                                                                                          Northleaf Global Private Equity Fund became registered
                              third party sub-advisors were added: 1832 Asset
                                                                                                          plan eligible. As a result, accredited investors will be able
                              Management, Addenda, Brandywine, Blackrock, and
                                                                                                          to gain exposure to private equity in their registered
                              T. Rowe Price.
                                                                                                          plans, including Registered Retirement Savings Plans,
                              Long-term investment performance is a key measure of                        Registered Retirement Income Funds, Registered
                              Mackenzie’s ongoing success. At March 31, 2025, 56.4% of                    Education Savings Plans, Tax-Free Savings Accounts and
                              Mackenzie mutual fund assets were rated in the top two                      First Home Savings Accounts. This is the third fund in
                              performance quartiles for the one year time frame, 56.6%                    Mackenzie’s suite of private market product offerings
                              for the three year time frame and 40.2% for the five year                   to qualify as an eligible investment for registered plans,
                              time frame. Mackenzie also monitors its fund performance                    joining the Mackenzie Northleaf Private Credit Fund and
                              relative to the ratings it receives on its mutual funds from                the Mackenzie Northleaf Private Credit Interval Fund.
                              the Morningstar† fund ranking service. At March 31, 2025,
                              84.5% of Mackenzie mutual fund assets measured by                           Exchange Traded Funds
                              Morningstar† had a rating of three stars or better and                      Exchange Traded Funds (ETF) complement Mackenzie’s
                              36.5% had a rating of four or five stars. This compared to                  broad and innovative fund line-up and reflect its
                              the Morningstar† universe of 87.0% for three stars or better                investor-focused vision to provide advisors and investors
                              and 54.0% for four and five star funds at March 31, 2025.                   with new solutions to drive investor outcomes and
                                                                                                          achieve their personal goals. These ETFs offer investors
                              Products                                                                    another investment option when building long-term
                                                                                                          diversified portfolios.
                              Mackenzie continues to evolve its product shelf by
                              providing enhanced investment solutions for financial                       Early in the second quarter of 2025, three ETFs were
                              advisors to offer their clients.                                            launched:
                                                                                                          • Mackenzie AAA CLO ETF
                              Mutual Funds
                                                                                                          • Mackenzie Target 2027 North American IG Corporate
                              Mackenzie manages its product shelf through new fund
                                                                                                            Bond ETF
                              launches and fund mergers to streamline fund offerings
                              for advisors and investors. During the first quarter of                     • Mackenzie Target 2029 North American IG Corporate
                              2025, Mackenzie launched one mutual fund.                                     Bond ETF
                              • Mackenzie FuturePath US All Cap Growth Fund seeks                         Mackenzie’s current line-up consists of 51 ETFs: 28 active
                                to provide long-term capital appreciation by investing                    and strategic beta ETFs and 23 traditional index ETFs.




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                primarily in growth stocks domiciled in the US.                           ETF AUM ended the quarter at $17.0 billion, inclusive of
                                                                                                          $9.1 billion in investments from IGM managed products.
                              Early in the second quarter of 2025, eight new mutual
                                                                                                          This ranks Mackenzie in eighth place in the Canadian ETF
                              funds were launched:
                                                                                                          industry for AUM.
                              • Mackenzie GQE Canadian Balanced Fund
                              • Mackenzie GQE Canadian Equity Fund                                        Asset Management AUM
                              • Mackenzie GQE Global Balanced Fund
                                                                                                          AUM is a key performance indicator for the Asset
                              • Mackenzie GQE US Alpha Extension Fund
                                                                                                          Management segment.
                              • Mackenzie International All Cap Equity Fund
                                                                                                          The changes in total AUM are summarized in Table 13 and
                              • Mackenzie Target 2027 North American IG Corporate
                                                                                                          the changes in investment fund AUM are summarized in
                                Bond Fund

                                                                    IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 FIRST QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                29
                                   C  26                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Table 13: Change in Total AUM – Asset Management
                                                                                                                                                                  Change
Three months ended                                                                                   2025                 2024              2024        2024       2024
($ millions)                                                                                        Mar. 31             Dec. 31            Mar. 31    Dec. 31     Mar. 31
Mackenzie AUM excluding sub-advisory to
Canada Life and the Wealth Management segment
 Net sales (redemptions)
  Mutual funds                                                                                  $       (700)       $          (699)   $      (526)      (0.1)%      (33.1)%
  ETF net creations                                                                                      615                    322            332       91.0         85.2
   Investment funds(1)(2)(3)                                                                             (85)                  (377)          (194)     77.5         56.2
   Sub-advisory, institutional and other accounts(4)                                                   3,526                     68             20      N/M          N/M
 Total net sales (redemptions)                                                                         3,441                   (309)          (174)     N/M          N/M
 Investment returns                                                                                       37                  1,479          3,779      (97.5)       (99.0)
 Net change in assets                                                                                 3,478               1,170              3,605      197.3        (3.5)
 Beginning assets                                                                                    77,068              75,898             69,282        1.5        11.2
 Ending assets                                                                                  $ 80,546            $    77,068        $    72,887        4.5 %      10.5 %
Mackenzie consolidated AUM
 Mutual funds                                                                                   $ 60,885            $    61,435        $    58,847       (0.9)%       3.5 %
 ETFs                                                                                              7,874                  7,258              6,074        8.5        29.6
   Investment funds(1)(2)                                                                            68,759              68,693             64,921        0.1         5.9
   Sub-advisory, institutional and other accounts                                                    11,787               8,375              7,966       40.7        48.0
                                                                                                     80,546              77,068             72,887        4.5        10.5
   Sub-advisory to Canada Life                                                                       52,951              52,879             51,281        0.1         3.3
 Third party AUM                                                                                    133,497             129,947            124,168        2.7          7.5
 Sub-advisory and AUM to Wealth Management(2)                                                        85,136              83,369             79,503        2.1          7.1
 Consolidated AUM                                                                               $ 218,633           $ 213,316          $ 203,671          2.5 %        7.3 %
Strategic investments ending AUM
 ChinaAMC                                                                                       $ 147,077           $ 135,173          $ 108,798          8.8 %       35.2 %
 Northleaf                                                                                         18,339              17,926             15,283          2.3         20.0
 Intra-segment eliminations                                                                          (398)               (361)              (309)       (10.2)       (28.8)
                                                                                                $ 165,018           $ 152,738          $ 123,772          8.0 %      33.3 %
Consolidated ending AUM including strategic investments                                         $ 383,651           $ 366,054          $ 327,443          4.8 %      17.2 %
Mackenzie average total AUM            (5)

 Third party AUM                                                                                $ 132,232           $ 129,964          $ 121,000          1.7 %        9.3 %
 Consolidated                                                                                     217,505             213,890            198,874          1.7          9.4

(1) Investment fund AUM and net sales exclude investments into Mackenzie mutual funds and ETFs by IGM Financial’s investment funds.
(2) Mackenzie investment fund products sold through IG Wealth Management are included in Sub-advisory and AUM to Wealth Management.
(3) In the first quarter of 2025, an institutional investor which includes Mackenzie mutual funds in its product offerings made fund allocation changes resulting in
    redemptions of $144 million.
(4) Sub-advisory, institutional and other accounts
    – In the first quarter of 2025, Mackenzie onboarded institutional mandates of $3.6 billion.




                                                                                                                                                                               PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
    – In the first quarter of 2024, the IG Wealth Management pension plan redeemed $177 million from IG Wealth Management mutual funds that was re-allocated
      into a separately managed account managed by Mackenzie.
(5) Based on daily average investment fund assets and month-end average sub-advisory, institutional and other assets.




Table 14. Assets managed for the Wealth Management                                               At March 31, 2025, Mackenzie’s total AUM were
segment are included in total AUM.                                                               $218.6 billion, an increase of 7.3% from $203.7 billion
Asset Management AUM including strategic investments                                             last year. Mackenzie’s total third party AUM were
were $383.7 billion at March 31, 2025, compared to                                               $133.5 billion, an increase of 7.5% from $124.2 billion last
$327.4 billion at March 31, 2024. Strategic investments AUM                                      year. The change in Mackenzie’s AUM is determined by
is based on the Company’s interest in these companies.                                           investment returns and net contributions from our clients.



30 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 FIRST QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                       C  27
                              Table 14: Change in Investment Fund AUM – Mackenzie Investments(1)
                                                                                                                                                                                                      Change
                              Three months ended                                                                               2025                 2024               2024                 2024       2024
                              ($ millions)                                                                                    Mar. 31             Dec. 31             Mar. 31             Dec. 31     Mar. 31
                              Sales                                                                                       $      2,637        $      2,188        $      2,357               20.5 %      11.9 %
                              Redemptions                                                                                        3,337               2,887               2,883               15.6        15.7
                              Mutual fund net sales (redemptions)                                                                 (700)                (699)               (526)             (0.1)      (33.1)
                              ETF net creations                                                                                    615                  322                 332              91.0        85.2
                              Investment fund net sales (redemptions)(2)(3)(4)                                                      (85)              (377)               (194)              77.5        56.2
                              Investment returns                                                                                    151              1,251               3,200              (87.9)      (95.3)
                              Net change in assets                                                                                 66                 874               3,006               (92.4)      (97.8)
                              Beginning assets                                                                                 68,693              67,819              61,915                 1.3        10.9
                              Ending assets                                                                               $    68,759         $    68,693         $    64,921                 0.1 %       5.9 %
                              Consists of:
                               Mutual funds                                                                               $ 60,885            $    61,435         $    58,847                (0.9)%       3.5 %
                               ETFs                                                                                          7,874                  7,258               6,074                 8.5        29.6
                               Investment funds(4)                                                                        $    68,759         $    68,693         $    64,921                 0.1 %       5.9 %
                              Daily average investment fund assets                                                        $    69,635         $    68,715         $    63,020                 1.3 %      10.5 %

                              (1) Investment fund AUM and net sales excludes investments into Mackenzie mutual funds and ETFs by IGM Financial’s investment funds.
                              (2) Total investment fund net sales and AUM exclude Mackenzie mutual fund investments in ETFs.
                              (3) In the first quarter of 2025, an institutional investor which includes Mackenzie mutual funds in its product offerings made fund allocation changes resulting in
                                  redemptions of $144 million.
                              (4) Mackenzie investment fund products sold through IG Wealth Management are included in Sub-advisory and AUM to Wealth Management.




                              At March 31, 2025, ChinaAMC’s AUM was RMB¥                                                   managed products were $17.0 billion at March 31, 2025
                              2,669.8 billion ($529.1 billion) compared to RMB¥                                            compared to $13.8 billion at March 31, 2024.
                              2,088.7 billion ($391.4 billion) at March 31, 2024, an                                       In the three months ended March 31, 2025, Mackenzie’s
                              increase of 27.8% (CAD 35.2%). Mackenzie holds a 27.8%                                       mutual fund gross sales were $2.6 billion, an increase
                              interest in ChinaAMC.                                                                        of 11.9% compared to $2.4 billion in 2024. Mutual fund
                              At March 31, 2025, Northleaf’s AUM was $32.7 billion                                         redemptions in the current quarter were $3.3 billion,
                              compared to $27.3 billion at March 31, 2024, an increase                                     an increase of 15.7% from last year. Mutual fund net
                              of 19.8%. Mackenzie holds a 56% economic interest                                            redemptions for the three months ended March 31,
                              in Northleaf.                                                                                2025 were $700 million, compared to net redemptions
                                                                                                                           of $526 million last year. In the three months ended
                              Mackenzie Investments AUM                                                                    March 31, 2025, ETF net creations were $615 million
                              Change in AUM – Q1 2025 vs. Q1 2024                                                          compared to $332 million last year. Investment fund net
                              Mackenzie’s total AUM at March 31, 2025 were                                                 redemptions in the current quarter were $85 million
                              $218.6 billion, an increase of 7.3% from $203.7 billion at                                   compared to net redemptions of $194 million last year.
                              March 31, 2024. Third party AUM were $133.5 billion, an                                      During the current quarter, investment returns resulted




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                              increase of 7.5% from $124.2 billion at March 31, 2024.                                      in investment fund assets increasing by $151 million
                                                                                                                           compared to an increase of $3.2 billion last year.
                              Investment fund AUM were $68.8 billion at March 31, 2025,
                              compared to $64.9 billion at March 31, 2024, an increase                                     In the first quarter of 2025, an institutional investor which
                              of 5.9%. Mackenzie’s mutual fund AUM of $60.9 billion                                        includes Mackenzie mutual funds in its product offerings
                              increased by 3.5% from $58.8 billion at March 31, 2024.                                      made fund allocation changes resulting in redemptions
                              Mackenzie’s ETF assets excluding ETFs held within                                            of $144 million. Excluding this transaction, mutual fund
                              IGM Financial’s managed products were $7.9 billion at                                        redemptions increased 10.8% in the three months
                              March 31, 2025, an increase of 29.6% from $6.1 billion                                       ended March 31, 2025 compared to last year and mutual
                              at March 31, 2024. ETF assets inclusive of IGM Financial’s                                   fund net redemptions of $556 million compared to net
                                                                                                                           redemptions of $526 million last year.


                                                                                  IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 FIRST QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                                      31
                                     C  28                                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Total net sales excluding sub-advisory to Canada Life                                    or 68.3% of Wealth Management AUM excluding
and to the Wealth Management segment for the                                             strategic investments compared to $79.5 billion or
three months ended March 31, 2025 were $3.4 billion                                      70.0% of Wealth Management AUM excluding strategic
compared to net redemptions of $174 million last year.                                   investments at March 31, 2024.
During the current quarter, investment returns resulted in
                                                                                         Change in AUM – Q1 2025 vs. Q4 2024
assets increasing by $37 million compared to an increase
of $3.8 billion last year.                                                               Mackenzie’s total AUM at March 31, 2025 were
                                                                                         $218.6 billion, an increase of 2.5% from $213.3 billion
During the first quarter of 2025, Mackenzie onboarded                                    at December 31, 2024. Third party AUM were
institutional mandates of $3.6 billion. During the                                       $133.5 billion, an increase of 2.7% from $129.9 billion
first quarter of 2024, the IG Wealth Management                                          at December 31, 2024.
pension plan redeemed $177 million from IG Wealth
Management mutual funds that was re-allocated into a                                     Investment fund AUM were $68.8 billion at March 31,
separately managed account managed by Mackenzie.                                         2025, an increase of 0.1% from $68.7 billion at
Excluding these transactions and the mutual fund                                         December 31, 2024. Mackenzie’s mutual fund AUM were
allocation change described above, net sales were                                        $60.9 billion at March 31, 2025, a decrease of 0.9% from
$23 million in the three months ended March 31, 2025                                     $61.4 billion at December 31, 2024. Mackenzie’s ETF
compared to net redemptions of $351 million last year.                                   assets were $7.9 billion at March 31, 2025 compared to
                                                                                         $7.3 billion at December 31, 2024. ETF assets inclusive
Redemptions of long-term mutual funds in the first                                       of IGM Financial’s managed products were $17.0 billion
quarter ended March 31, 2025 were $3.2 billion,                                          at March 31, 2025 compared to $15.5 billion at
compared to $2.8 billion last year. Mackenzie’s annualized                               December 31, 2024.
quarterly redemption rate for long-term mutual funds
was 21.1% in the first quarter of 2025, compared to                                      For the quarter ended March 31, 2025, Mackenzie
20.1% in the first quarter of 2024. Mackenzie’s annualized                               mutual fund gross sales were $2.6 billion, an increase
quarterly redemption rate for long-term mutual funds                                     of 20.5% from the fourth quarter of 2024. Mutual fund
excluding fund allocation changes made by third                                          redemptions were $3.3 billion, an increase of 15.6%
party programs was 20.2% in the first quarter of 2025.                                   from the fourth quarter of 2024. Net redemptions
Mackenzie’s twelve month trailing redemption rate                                        of Mackenzie mutual funds for the current quarter
for long-term mutual funds was 18.9% at March 31,                                        were $700 million compared to net redemptions of
2025, compared to 18.2% last year. Mackenzie’s twelve                                    $699 million in the previous quarter.
month trailing redemption rate for long-term mutual                                      In the first quarter of 2025, an institutional investor which
funds excluding fund allocation changes made by                                          includes Mackenzie mutual funds in its product offerings
third party programs was 18.6% at March 31, 2025.                                        made fund allocation changes resulting in redemptions
The corresponding average twelve month trailing                                          of $144 million. Excluding this transaction, mutual fund
redemption rate for long-term mutual funds for all other                                 redemptions increased 10.6% in the three months ended
members of SIMA was approximately 15.2% at March 31,                                     March 31, 2025 compared to the previous quarter and
2025. Mackenzie’s twelve month trailing redemption rate                                  mutual fund net redemptions of $556 million compared
is comprised of the weighted average redemption rate                                     to net redemptions of $699 million last quarter.
for front-end load assets, deferred sales charge and low                                 Redemptions of long-term mutual fund assets in
load assets with redemption fees, and deferred sales                                     the current quarter were $3.2 billion, compared to




                                                                                                                                                         PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
charge assets without redemption fees (matured assets).                                  $2.8 billion in the fourth quarter. Mackenzie’s annualized
Generally, redemption rates for front-end load assets                                    quarterly redemption rate for long-term mutual funds
and matured assets are higher than the redemption                                        for the current quarter was 21.1% compared to 18.4%
rates for deferred sales charge and low load assets with                                 in the fourth quarter. Mackenzie’s annualized quarterly
redemption fees.                                                                         redemption rate for long-term mutual funds excluding
As at March 31, 2025, Mackenzie’s sub-advisory to                                        fund allocation changes made by third party programs
Canada Life were $53.0 billion compared to $51.3 billion                                 was 20.2% in the first quarter of 2025.
at March 31, 2024.                                                                       For the quarter ended March 31, 2025, Mackenzie ETF
As at March 31, 2025, Mackenzie’s sub-advisory and AUM                                   net creations were $615 million compared to $322 million
to the Wealth Management segment were $85.1 billion                                      in the fourth quarter.


32   IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 FIRST QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                        C  29
                              Investment fund net redemptions in the current quarter                    As at March 31, 2025, Mackenzie’s sub-advisory and AUM
                              were $85 million compared to net redemptions of                           to the Wealth Management segment were $85.1 billion
                              $377 million in the fourth quarter.                                       or 68.3% of Wealth Management AUM excluding
                              As at March 31, 2025, Mackenzie’s sub-advisory to                         strategic investments compared to $83.4 billion or
                              Canada Life were $53.0 billion compared to $52.9 billion                  67.7% of Wealth Management AUM excluding strategic
                              at December 31, 2024.                                                     investments at December 31, 2024.




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.




                                                                  IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 FIRST QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                33
                                  C  30                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Review of Segment Operating Results
The Asset Management segment’s adjusted net earnings                                            Q1 2025 vs. Q1 2024
are presented in Table 15 and include the operations of                                         Revenues
Mackenzie Investments and earnings related to strategic                                         Asset management fees are classified as either Asset
investments.                                                                                    management fees – third party or Asset management
                                                                                                fees – Wealth Management.
Mackenzie Investments                                                                           • Net asset management fees – third party is comprised
Mackenzie Investments’ adjusted net earnings are                                                  of the following:
presented in Table 16. Adjusted net earnings for the first                                          - Asset management fees – third party consists of
quarter of 2025 were $52.6 million, a decrease of 8.2%                                                management and administration fees earned from
from the first quarter in 2024 and a decrease of 15.0%                                                our investment funds and management fees from
from the prior quarter.                                                                               our third party sub-advisory, institutional and other
Adjusted earnings before interest and taxes for the first                                             accounts. The largest component is management
quarter of 2025 were $78.1 million, a decrease of 7.4%                                                fees from our investment funds. The amount of
from the first quarter in 2024 and a decrease of 13.6%                                                management fees depends on the level and
from the prior quarter.                                                                               composition of AUM. Management fee rates vary
                                                                                                      depending on the investment objective and the
                                                                                                      account type of the underlying AUM. For example,

Table 15: Operating Results – Asset Management
                                                                                                                                                                 Change
Three months ended                                                                                  2025                 2024              2024        2024       2024
($ millions)                                                                                       Mar. 31             Dec. 31            Mar. 31    Dec. 31     Mar. 31
Revenues
 Asset management
  Asset management fees – third party                                                          $      252.1        $         256.6    $    238.2        (1.8)%        5.8 %
  Redemption fees                                                                                       0.5                    0.4           0.6        25.0        (16.7)
                                                                                                      252.6                  257.0         238.8        (1.7)         5.8
 Dealer compensation expenses
  Asset-based compensation                                                                             (83.7)                (84.0)         (79.3)      (0.4)         5.5
 Net asset management fees – third party                                                              168.9                  173.0         159.5        (2.4)         5.9
 Asset management fees – Wealth Management                                                             31.8                   31.3          29.1         1.6          9.3
 Net asset management                                                                                 200.7                  204.3         188.6         (1.8)        6.4
 Net investment income and other                                                                        1.5                    8.5           6.5       (82.4)       (76.9)
 Proportionate share of associates’ earnings                                                           39.0                   29.2          34.0        33.6         14.7
                                                                                                      241.2                  242.0         229.1        (0.3)         5.3
Expenses
 Advisory and business development                                                                      26.2                  24.2           21.4        8.3        22.4




                                                                                                                                                                              PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
 Operations and support                                                                                 97.1                  97.1           88.5          –         9.7
 Sub-advisory                                                                                            1.4                   1.6            1.3      (12.5)        7.7
                                                                                                      124.7                  122.9         111.2         1.5        12.1
Adjusted earnings before interest and taxes(1)                                                        116.5                  119.1         117.9        (2.2)        (1.2)
Interest expense                                                                                        6.5                    6.5           6.5           –            –
Adjusted earnings before income taxes(1)                                                              110.0                  112.6         111.4         (2.3)       (1.3)
Income taxes                                                                                           21.8                   24.4          23.2       (10.7)        (6.0)
Adjusted net earnings(1)                                                                                88.2                  88.2           88.2          –           –
Non-controlling interest                                                                                 1.7                   0.7            1.4      142.9        21.4
Adjusted net earnings available to common shareholders(1)                                      $        86.5       $          87.5    $      86.8       (1.1)%       (0.3)%
(1) A non-IFRS financial measure – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures section of this document.


34 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 FIRST QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                       C  31
                              Table 16: Operating Results – Mackenzie Investments
                                                                                                                                                                                                  Change
                              Three months ended                                                                           2025                 2024               2024                 2024       2024
                              ($ millions)                                                                                Mar. 31             Dec. 31             Mar. 31             Dec. 31     Mar. 31
                              Revenues
                               Asset management
                                Asset management fees – third party                                                   $      252.1        $      256.6        $      238.2               (1.8)%       5.8 %
                                Redemption fees                                                                                0.5                 0.4                 0.6               25.0       (16.7)
                                                                                                                             252.6               257.0               238.8               (1.7)        5.8
                               Dealer compensation expenses
                                Asset-based compensation                                                                      (83.7)              (84.0)              (79.3)             (0.4)        5.5
                               Net asset management fees – third party                                                       168.9               173.0               159.5               (2.4)        5.9
                               Asset management fees – Wealth Management                                                      31.8                31.3                29.1                1.6         9.3
                               Net asset management                                                                          200.7               204.3               188.6                (1.8)       6.4
                               Net investment income and other                                                                 1.5                 8.5                 6.5              (82.4)      (76.9)
                                                                                                                             202.2               212.8               195.1               (5.0)        3.6
                              Expenses
                               Advisory and business development                                                               26.2                24.2                21.4                8.3       22.4
                               Operations and support                                                                          96.5                96.6                88.1               (0.1)       9.5
                               Sub-advisory                                                                                     1.4                 1.6                 1.3             (12.5)        7.7
                                                                                                                             124.1               122.4               110.8                1.4        12.0
                              Adjusted earnings before interest and taxes(1)                                                   78.1                90.4                84.3             (13.6)       (7.4)
                              Interest expense                                                                                  6.5                 6.5                 6.5                 –           –
                              Adjusted earnings before income taxes(1)                                                         71.6                83.9                77.8             (14.7)       (8.0)
                              Income taxes                                                                                     19.0                22.0                20.5             (13.6)       (7.3)
                              Adjusted net earnings(1)                                                                $        52.6       $        61.9       $        57.3             (15.0)%      (8.2)%
                              (1) A non-IFRS financial measure – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures section of this document.




                                  equity-based mandates have higher management                                             mutual fund AUM. These fees vary depending on
                                  fee rates than exchange traded funds, fixed income                                       the fund type and the purchase option upon which
                                  mandates and retail mutual fund accounts have                                            the fund was sold: front-end, deferred sales charge
                                  higher management fee rates than sub-advised and                                         or low load. Sales-based compensation are paid
                                  institutional accounts. The majority of Mackenzie’s                                      to dealers on the sale of mutual funds under the
                                  mutual fund assets are retail and sold through third                                     deferred sales charge purchase option and on a low
                                  party financial advisors.                                                                load purchase option. Mackenzie stopped selling
                                - Redemption fees – consists of fees earned from                                           deferred sales charge purchase options and low load
                                  the redemptions of mutual fund assets sold on a                                          purchase options as of June 1, 2022, in accordance
                                  deferred sales charge purchase option and on a low                                       with regulatory changes.




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                  load purchase option. Redemption fees charged                                        • Asset management fees – Wealth Management
                                  for deferred sales charge assets range from 5.5% in                                    consists of sub-advisory fees earned from the Wealth
                                  the first year and decrease to zero after seven years.                                 Management segment.
                                  Redemption fees for low load assets range from 2.0%                                  Net asset management fees – third party were
                                  to 3.0% in the first year and decrease to zero after two                             $168.9 million for the three months ended March 31,
                                  or three years, depending on the purchase option.                                    2025, an increase of $9.4 million or 5.9% from
                                - Dealer compensation expenses – consists of                                           $159.5 million last year. The increase in net asset
                                  asset-based and sales-based compensation.                                            management fees – third party was primarily due
                                  Asset-based compensation represents trailing                                         to a 9.3% increase in average AUM, as shown in
                                  commissions paid to dealers on certain classes of retail                             Table 13, partially offset by a decrease in the net
                                  mutual funds and are calculated as a percentage of

                                                                               IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 FIRST QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                                     35
                                    C  32                                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
asset management fee rate. Mackenzie’s net asset                                         Interest Expense
management fee rate was 51.8 basis points for the three                                  Interest expense, which includes allocated interest
months ended March 31, 2025, compared to 53.0 basis                                      expense on long-term debt and interest expense
points in the comparative period in 2024. In addition to                                 on leases, totalled $6.5 million in the first quarter of
these factors, there was one less calendar day in the first                              2025, consistent with the comparative period in 2024.
quarter of 2025 as compared to the first quarter of 2024,                                Long-term debt interest expense is calculated based
which resulted in less management fees of $1.9 million.                                  on an allocation of IGM Financial’s long-term debt of
Asset management fees – Wealth Management were                                           $450 million to Mackenzie.
$31.8 million for the three months ended March 31, 2025,
an increase of $2.7 million or 9.3% from $29.1 million last                              Q1 2025 vs. Q4 2024
year. The increase in management fees was due to a 9.5%                                  Revenues
increase in average AUM. Mackenzie’s management fee                                      Net asset management fees – third party were
rate was 15.1 basis points for the three months ended                                    $168.9 million for the current quarter, a decrease of
March 31, 2025, compared to 15.0 basis points from the                                   $4.1 million or 2.4% from $173.0 million in the fourth
comparative period in 2024. In addition to these factors,                                quarter of 2024. Factors contributing to the net
there was one less calendar day in the first quarter of                                  decrease were:
2025 as compared to the first quarter of 2024, which                                     • Net asset management fee rate was 51.8 basis points
resulted in less management fees of $0.4 million.                                          for the current quarter compared to 52.8 basis points
Net investment income and other primarily includes                                         in the fourth quarter. The decline in rate was primarily
investment returns related to Mackenzie’s investments                                      driven by a change in the composition of AUM,
in proprietary funds. These investments are generally                                      including the impact of having a greater share in
made in the process of launching a fund and are sold as                                    non-retail priced products. Contributing to the increase
third party investors subscribe. Net investment income                                     in non-retail assets was the onboarding of $3.6 billion
and other was $1.5 million for the three months ended                                      of institutional mandates during the first quarter of
March 31, 2025 compared to $6.5 million last year.                                         2025 and higher AUM through our partnerships with
                                                                                           Wealthsimple and Primerica.
Expenses
                                                                                         • There were two fewer calendar days in the first quarter
Mackenzie incurs advisory and business development                                         of 2025 compared to the fourth quarter of 2024,
expenses that primarily include wholesale distribution                                     which resulted in a decrease of management fees of
activities and these costs vary directly with assets or                                    $3.8 million.
sales levels. Advisory and business development
                                                                                         • Average AUM were $132.2 billion in the current
expenses were $26.2 million for the three months ended
                                                                                           quarter, an increase of 1.7% from the prior quarter.
March 31, 2025, an increase of $4.8 million or 22.4% from
$21.4 million in 2024. The increase in the three month                                   Asset management fees – Wealth Management were
period was primarily attributed to the timing of product,                                $31.8 million, an increase of $0.5 million or 1.6% from
marketing and distribution spend, which includes                                         $31.3 million in the fourth quarter. Factors contributing
upcoming product launches in the second quarter                                          to the net increase were:
of 2025.                                                                                 • Average AUM were $85.3 billion in the current quarter,
Operations and support includes costs associated with                                      an increase of 1.6% from the prior quarter.




                                                                                                                                                      PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
business operations, including technology and business                                   • Asset management fee rate was 15.1 basis points for
processes, in-house investment management and product                                      the current quarter compared to 14.8 basis points in
shelf management, corporate management and support                                         the fourth quarter.
functions. These expenses primarily reflect compensation,                                • There were two fewer calendar days in the first quarter
technology and other service provider expenses.                                            of 2025 compared to the fourth quarter of 2024,
Operations and support expenses were $96.5 million for                                     which resulted in a decrease of management fees of
the three months ended March 31, 2025, an increase of                                      $0.7 million.
$8.4 million or 9.5% from $88.1 million in 2024.                                         Net investment income and other was $1.5 million for
Sub-advisory expenses were $1.4 million for the three                                    the current quarter, compared to $8.5 million in the
months ended March 31, 2025, compared to $1.3 million                                    fourth quarter.
in 2024.


36 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 FIRST QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                        C  33
                              Expenses
                              Advisory and business development expenses were
                              $26.2 million for the current quarter, compared to
                              $24.2 million in the fourth quarter.
                              Operations and support expenses were $96.5 million for
                              the current quarter, a decrease of $0.1 million or 0.1%
                              from $96.6 million in the fourth quarter.
                              Sub-advisory expenses were $1.4 million for the current
                              quarter, compared to $1.6 million in the fourth quarter.

                              Asset Management Strategic Investments
                              Asset Management strategic investment’s adjusted net
                              earnings are presented within Table 17. Adjusted net
                              earnings for the first quarter of 2025 were $33.9 million,
                              compared to $29.5 million in 2024 and $25.6 million in the
                              prior quarter.
                              The proportionate share of associates’ earnings consists
                              of equity earnings from ChinaAMC and Northleaf.
                              The Company’s share of ChinaAMC’s earnings were
                              $30.6 million in the first quarter of 2025 compared to
                              $26.9 million in the comparable period in 2024.
                              The Company’s share of Northleaf’s earnings were
                              $8.4 million in the first quarter of 2025 compared to
                              $7.1 million in the comparable period in 2024. This is offset
                              by non-controlling interest as reflected in the table.




                              Table 17: Operating Results – Asset Management Strategic Investments
                                                                                                                                                                                                  Change
                              Three months ended                                                                           2025                 2024               2024                 2024       2024
                              ($ millions)                                                                                Mar. 31             Dec. 31             Mar. 31             Dec. 31     Mar. 31
                              Revenues
                               Proportionate share of associates’ earnings




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                ChinaAMC                                                                              $        30.6       $        25.4       $        26.9              20.5 %      13.8 %
                                Northleaf                                                                                       8.4                 3.8                 7.1             121.1        18.3
                                                                                                                               39.0                29.2                34.0              33.6        14.7
                              Expenses
                               Operations and support                                                                           0.6                  0.5                 0.4             20.0        50.0
                              Adjusted earnings before income taxes(1)                                                         38.4                28.7                33.6              33.8        14.3
                              Income taxes                                                                                      2.8                 2.4                 2.7              16.7         3.7
                              Adjusted net earnings(1)                                                                         35.6                26.3                30.9              35.4        15.2
                              Non-controlling interest                                                                          1.7                 0.7                 1.4             142.9        21.4
                              Adjusted net earnings available to common shareholders(1)                               $        33.9       $        25.6       $        29.5              32.4 %      14.9 %

                              (1) A non-IFRS financial measure – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures section of this document.


                                                                               IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 FIRST QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                                    37
                                    C  34                                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Corporate and Other
Review of Segment Operating Results
The Corporate and Other segment includes the                                                capital is invested in highly liquid, high quality financial
Company’s investments in Lifeco and Portage Ventures                                        instruments in accordance with the Company’s
LPs (Portage), and unallocated capital.                                                     Investment Policy.
Adjusted earnings from the Corporate and Other                                              Corporate and Other segment adjusted net earnings are
segment include the Company’s proportionate share of                                        presented in Table 19.
Lifeco’s base earnings, an alternate measure Lifeco uses
to understand the underlying business performance                                           Q1 2025 vs. Q1 2024
compared to IFRS net earnings. Lifeco’s financial                                           The proportionate share of Lifeco’s base earnings
information can be obtained in its disclosure materials                                     was $24.5 million, an increase of $0.6 million in the
filed on www.sedarplus.ca. Net investment income on                                         first quarter of 2025 compared to the first quarter of
unallocated capital and consolidation elimination entries                                   2024. The proportionate share of Lifeco’s net earnings
are also included in this segment.                                                          was $20.5 million, a decrease of $2.3 million in the first
At March 31, 2025, the Company held a 2.4% equity                                           quarter of 2025 compared to the first quarter of 2024.
interest in Lifeco. IGM Financial and Lifeco are controlled                                 These earnings reflect the proportionate share of equity
by Power.                                                                                   earnings from Lifeco, as discussed in the Consolidated
                                                                                            Financial Position section of this MD&A.
Portage consists of early-stage investment funds
dedicated to backing innovating financial services                                          Net investment income and other was $4.2 million in
companies and are controlled by Power.                                                      the first quarter of 2025, an increase of $0.4 million from
                                                                                            $3.8 million in 2024.
In addition to Lifeco and other investments held by
the Company, the Corporate and Other segment
                                                                                            Q1 2025 vs. Q4 2024
includes unallocated capital which totalled $615.1 million
at March 31, 2025 compared to $531.3 million at                                             The proportionate share of Lifeco’s base earnings was
December 31, 2024, as detailed in Table 18.                                                 $24.5 million in the first quarter of 2025, a decrease
                                                                                            of $1.8 million from the fourth quarter of 2024. The
Unallocated capital represents capital not allocated to
                                                                                            proportionate share of Lifeco’s net earnings was
any of the operating companies and which would be
                                                                                            $20.5 million, a decrease of $5.8 million from the fourth
available for investment, debt repayment, distribution
                                                                                            quarter of 2024.
to shareholders or other corporate purposes. This




Table 18: Total Assets – Corporate and Other




                                                                                                                                                              PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                                                                                                                         2025         2024
($ millions)                                                                                                                            Mar. 31     Dec. 31
Investments in associate
 Lifeco                                                                                                                             $    656.8 $      633.5

FVTOCI investments
 Portage and other investments                                                                                                           158.3        151.6

Unallocated capital                                                                                                                      615.1        531.3
Total assets                                                                                                                        $ 1,430.2 $ 1,316.4
Lifeco fair value                                                                                                                   $ 1,247.4 $ 1,053.9


38    IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 FIRST QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


                           P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                            C  35
                              Table 19: Operating Results – Corporate and Other
                                                                                                                                                                                                  Change
                              Three months ended                                                                           2025                 2024               2024                 2024       2024
                              ($ millions)                                                                                Mar. 31             Dec. 31             Mar. 31             Dec. 31     Mar. 31
                              Revenues
                               Wealth Management                                                                      $        (3.3)      $         (2.8)     $         (1.9)           (17.9)%     (73.7)%
                               Asset management                                                                              (26.5)               (26.7)              (26.0)              0.7        (1.9)
                               Dealer compensation expense                                                                    (1.4)                 (1.2)               (0.8)            16.7        75.0
                               Net asset management                                                                           (27.9)              (27.9)              (26.8)                –        (4.1)
                               Net investment income and other                                                                  4.2                 5.5                 3.8             (23.6)       10.5
                               Proportionate share of Lifeco’s base earnings                                                   24.5                26.3                23.9               (6.8)       2.5
                                                                                                                               (2.5)                 1.1                (1.0)           N/M        (150.0)
                              Expenses
                               Operations and support                                                                           0.8                 1.0                 0.4             (20.0)     100.0
                               Sub-advisory                                                                                   (31.2)              (30.9)              (28.8)              (1.0)     (8.3)
                                                                                                                             (30.4)               (29.9)              (28.4)             (1.7)       (7.0)
                              Adjusted earnings before income taxes           (1)
                                                                                                                               27.9                31.0                27.4             (10.0)        1.8
                              Income taxes                                                                                      0.9                 1.4                 0.9             (35.7)          –
                              Adjusted net earnings(1)                                                                $        27.0       $        29.6       $        26.5              (8.8)%       1.9 %

                              (1) A non-IFRS financial measure – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures section of this document.




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.




                                                                                IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 FIRST QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                                    39
                                    C  36                                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
 IGM Financial Inc.
 Consolidated Financial Position
 IGM Financial’s total assets were $20.2 billion at March 31,                               unchanged from December 31, 2024. Fair value is
 2025, compared to $20.7 billion at December 31, 2024.                                      determined by using observable transactions in the
                                                                                            investments’ securities where available, discounted cash
 Other Investments                                                                          flows, and other valuation metrics, including revenue
                                                                                            multiples used in the valuation of comparable public
 The composition of the Company’s securities holdings is
                                                                                            companies.
 detailed in Table 20.
                                                                                            Wealthsimple’s total assets under administration were
 Fair Value Through Other Comprehensive Income                                              $73.0 billion at March 31, 2025, representing an increase
 (FVTOCI)                                                                                   of 14.1% from $64.0 billion at December 31, 2024.
 Gains and losses on FVTOCI investments are recorded in
                                                                                            Fair Value Through Profit or Loss (FVTPL)
 Other comprehensive income.
                                                                                            Securities classified as FVTPL include equity securities
 Corporate Investments                                                                      and proprietary investment funds. Gains and losses are
 Corporate investments is primarily comprised of the                                        recorded in Net investment income and other in the
 Company’s investments in Wealthsimple and Portage                                          Consolidated Statements of Earnings.
 and are recorded at FVTOCI.
                                                                                            Certain proprietary investment funds are consolidated
 The total fair value of Corporate investments was                                          where the Company has made the assessment that it
 $1,367.9 million at March 31, 2025 compared to                                             controls the investment fund. The underlying securities
 $1,350.4 million at December 31, 2024, and is presented                                    of these funds are classified as FVTPL.
 net of certain costs incurred within the limited partnership
 structures holding the underlying investments.
                                                                                            Loans
 Wealthsimple Financial Corp.                                                               The composition of the Company’s loans is detailed in
 Wealthsimple is a financial company that provides simple                                   Table 21.
 digital tools for growing and managing client money.
                                                                                            Loans consisted of residential mortgages, which include
 The Company’s investment in Wealthsimple is primarily
                                                                                            HELOCs, and represented 27.0% of total assets at March 31,
 held through a limited partnership controlled by Power.
                                                                                            2025, compared to 26.4% at December 31, 2024.
 The investment is classified at FVTOCI. IGM Financial
 Inc. holds a 27.2% economic interest in Wealthsimple                                       Loans measured at amortized cost are primarily
 (December 31, 2024 – 27.2%).                                                               comprised of residential mortgages sold to securitization
                                                                                            programs sponsored by third parties that in turn issue
 At March 31, 2025, the fair value of the Company’s
                                                                                            securities to investors. An offsetting liability, Obligations
 investment in Wealthsimple was $1,219 million,




                                                                                                                                                                       PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
 Table 20: Other Investments
                                                                                                                           March 31, 2025        December 31, 2024
                                                                                                                                      Fair                      Fair
 ($ millions)                                                                                                            Cost       Value          Cost       Value
 Fair value through other comprehensive income
  Corporate investments                                                                                           $      292.2   $ 1,367.9   $    289.9   $ 1,350.4
 Fair value through profit or loss
  Equity securities                                                                                                        1.8         2.0          1.8         2.0
  Proprietary investment funds                                                                                            85.3        93.8        107.8       116.1
                                                                                                                          87.1        95.8        109.6       118.1
                                                                                                                  $      379.3   $ 1,463.7   $    399.5   $ 1,468.5


40 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 FIRST QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                           P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                    C  37
                              Table 21: Loans
                                                                                                                                                                               2025         2024
                              ($ millions)                                                                                                                                    Mar. 31     Dec. 31
                              Amortized cost                                                                                                                              $   5,415.6 $   5,463.2
                              Allowance for expected credit losses                                                                                                               (0.8)       (0.8)
                                                                                                                                                                              5,414.8     5,462.4
                              Fair value through profit or loss                                                                                                                  52.0           –
                                                                                                                                                                          $   5,466.8 $   5,462.4




                              to securitization entities, has been recorded and                            under these programs as follows: i) the mortgages
                              totalled $5.0 billion at March 31, 2025, unchanged from                      and related obligations are carried at amortized cost,
                              December 31, 2024.                                                           with interest income and interest expense, utilizing
                              The Company holds loans pending sale or securitization.                      the effective interest rate method, recorded over the
                              Loans measured at FVTPL are residential mortgages                            term of the mortgages, ii) the component of swaps
                              held temporarily by the Company pending sale. Loans                          entered into under the CMB Program whereby the
                              held for securitization are carried at amortized cost.                       Company pays coupons on Canada Mortgage Bonds
                              Total loans being held pending sale or securitization                        and receives investment returns on the reinvestment of
                              are $402.3 million at March 31, 2025, compared to                            repaid mortgage principal, are recorded at fair value,
                              $405.7 million at December 31, 2024.                                         and iii) cash reserves held under the ABCP program are
                                                                                                           carried at amortized cost.
                              Residential mortgages originated by IG Wealth
                              Management are funded primarily through sales to                             In the first quarter of 2025, the Company securitized
                              third parties on a fully serviced basis, including Canada                    loans through its mortgage banking operations with cash
                              Mortgage and Housing Corporation (CMHC) or Canadian                          proceeds of $285.2 million compared to $257.0 million in
                              bank sponsored securitization programs. At March 31,                         2024. Additional information related to the Company’s
                              2025, IG Wealth Management serviced $6.8 billion of                          securitization activities, including the Company’s hedges
                              residential mortgages.                                                       of related reinvestment and interest rate risk, can be
                                                                                                           found in the Financial Risk section of this MD&A and in
                                                                                                           Note 6 to the Interim Financial Statements.
                              Securitization Arrangements
                              Through the Company’s mortgage banking operations,                           Investment in Associates
                              residential mortgages are sold to securitization trusts
                              sponsored by third parties that in turn issue securities to                  The Company uses the equity method to account for
                              investors. The Company securitizes residential mortgages                     its investments in associates, which include Great-West
                              through the CMHC sponsored National Housing Act                              Lifeco Inc. (Lifeco), China Asset Management Co.,
                              Mortgage-Backed Securities (NHA MBS) and the                                 Ltd. (ChinaAMC), Rockefeller Capital Management
                              Canada Mortgage Bond (CMB) Program and through                               (Rockefeller), and Northleaf Capital Group Ltd.
                              Canadian bank-sponsored asset-backed commercial                              (Northleaf), as it exercises significant influence. Changes
                              paper (ABCP) programs. The Company retains servicing                         in the carrying values for the three months ended




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                              responsibilities and certain elements of credit risk and                     March 31, 2025 compared to 2024 are shown in Table 22.
                              prepayment risk associated with the transferred assets.
                              The Company’s credit risk on its securitized mortgages
                                                                                                           Great-West Lifeco Inc.
                              is partially mitigated through the use of insurance.                         At March 31, 2025, the Company held a 2.4% equity
                              Derecognition of financial assets in accordance with                         interest in Lifeco. IGM Financial and Lifeco are controlled
                              IFRS is based on the transfer of risks and rewards of                        by Power.
                              ownership. As the Company has retained prepayment
                              risk and certain elements of credit risk associated with the                 China Asset Management Co., Ltd.
                              Company’s securitization transactions through the CMB                        At March 31, 2025, the Company held a 27.8% equity
                              and ABCP programs, they are accounted for as secured                         interest in ChinaAMC. The change in Other comprehensive
                              borrowings. The Company records the transactions                             income of positive $8.3 million in the three months ended

                                                                     IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 FIRST QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                                    41
                                    C  38                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Table 22: Investment in Associates
                                                                                            March 31, 2025                                                                      March 31, 2024
($ millions)               Lifeco ChinaAMC Rockefeller               Northleaf           Other          Total        Lifeco ChinaAMC Rockefeller             Northleaf        Other         Total
Three months
ended
Carrying value,
January 1              $   633.5      $ 2,030.1      $    903.2       $    353.5     $     59.4    $ 3,979.7     $    589.3        $ 1,885.3    $   844.8    $   301.8    $    38.0     $ 3,659.2
 Additions                     –                –              –            11.0              –          11.0              –              –           0.1           –             –           0.1
 Dividends                  (13.5)          (66.0)             –                –             –         (79.5)         (12.3)          (73.0)          –          (7.9)           –         (93.2)
 Proportionate
 share of:
   Earnings
   (losses)(1)(2)           20.5             30.6            (4.3)            8.4           0.6          55.8           22.8            26.9         (4.4)         7.1          (0.7)        51.7
   Other
   comprehensive
   income (loss) and
   other adjustments        16.3              8.3            (1.2)           (3.3)            –          20.1           (1.6)            3.8         19.0           –             –          21.2
Carrying value,
March 31               $   656.8      $ 2,003.0      $     897.7      $    369.6     $    60.0     $ 3,987.1     $    598.2        $ 1,843.0    $   859.5    $   301.0    $    37.3     $ 3,639.0

(1) The proportionate share of earnings from the Company’s investment in associates is recorded in either the Wealth Management, Asset Management or Corporate
    and Other segment. The proportionate share of Lifeco earnings includes Lifeco other items of ($4.0) million in the first quarter of 2025 compared to ($1.1) million in
    the first quarter of 2024.
(2) The Company’s proportionate share of Northleaf’s earnings, net of non-controlling interest, was $6.7 million in the three month period of 2025 compared to
    $5.7 million in 2024.




March 31, 2025, was due to a 0.4% appreciation of the                                                 Mackenzie and Lifeco have an obligation and right to
Chinese yuan relative to the Canadian dollar.                                                         purchase the remaining equity and voting interest in
ChinaAMC’s total assets under management, excluding                                                   Northleaf beginning in the fourth quarter of 2025, and
subsidiary assets under management, were RMB¥                                                         extending into future periods.
2,669.8 billion ($529.1 billion) at March 31, 2025,                                                   Additional consideration of up to $245.0 million may
representing an increase of 8.3% (CAD 8.8%) from RMB¥                                                 be payable in the fourth quarter of 2025, subject to
2,464.5 billion ($486.2 billion) at December 31, 2024.                                                Northleaf achieving exceptional growth in certain
Investment fund net flows, which exclude subsidiary                                                   performance measures. As at March 31, 2025, the
and institutional assets under management, were RMB¥                                                  estimated fair value of the additional consideration
101.5 billion for the three month period ended March 31,                                              was $51.0 million (December 31, 2024 – $40.0 million).
2025 (net flows obtained from Wind Information Co., Ltd.).                                            The change in fair value of $11.0 million during the
                                                                                                      quarter was recorded as an adjustment to the cost of the
Rockefeller Capital Management                                                                        Company’s investment in Northleaf, of which $2.2 million
At March 31, 2025, the Company held a 20.5% equity                                                    was attributable to Non-controlling interest.
interest in Rockefeller.                                                                              Northleaf’s assets under management, including invested
Rockefeller’s client assets were USD $154.4 billion                                                   capital and uninvested commitments, were $32.7 billion
($222.1 billion) at March 31, 2025, representing an increase                                          as at March 31, 2025, representing an increase of
of 2.1% (CAD 2.0%) from USD $151.2 billion ($217.7 billion)                                           $0.7 billion or 2.2% from $32.0 billion at December 31,




                                                                                                                                                                                                     PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
at December 31, 2024.                                                                                 2024. The increase during the three month period was
                                                                                                      driven by $1.1 billion in new commitments, offset in part
Northleaf Capital Group Ltd.                                                                          by a decrease of $0.4 billion related to return of capital.

At March 31, 2025, the Company held a 49.9% voting
interest and a 56% economic interest in Northleaf, net
of Lifeco’s Non-controlling interest.




42 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 FIRST QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                     P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                                   C  39
                              Consolidated Liquidity and Capital Resources
                              Liquidity                                                                        (EBITDA before sales commissions), a non-IFRS measure
                                                                                                               (see Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial
                              Cash and cash equivalents totalled $772.2 million
                                                                                                               Measures), totalled $393.6 million for the first quarter of
                              at March 31, 2025 compared to $910.3 million at
                                                                                                               2025 compared to $374.5 million for the first quarter of
                              December 31, 2024 and $500.1 million at March 31, 2024.
                                                                                                               2024 and $409.3 million for the fourth quarter of 2024.
                              Client funds on deposit represents cash balances held                            EBITDA before sales commissions excludes the impact
                              by clients within their investment accounts and with the                         of both commissions paid and commission amortization
                              offset included in Client deposits.                                              (Table 1).
                              Working capital, which consists of current assets less                           Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and
                              current liabilities, totalled $627.5 million at March 31, 2025,                  amortization after sales commissions (EBITDA after
                              compared to $605.1 million at December 31, 2024 and                              sales commissions), a non-IFRS measure (see Non-IFRS
                              $443.5 million at March 31, 2024 (Table 23).                                     Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures),
                              Working capital, which includes unallocated capital, is                          totalled $359.4 million in the first quarter of 2025
                              utilized to:                                                                     compared to $341.3 million in the first quarter of
                              • Finance ongoing operations, including the funding                              2024 and $374.9 million in the fourth quarter of 2024.
                                of sales commissions.                                                          EBITDA after sales commissions excludes the impact of
                                                                                                               commission amortization (Table 1).
                              • Temporarily finance mortgages in its mortgage
                                banking operations.                                                            Refer to the Financial Risk section of this MD&A for
                              • Pay interest related to long-term debt.                                        information related to other sources of liquidity and to
                                                                                                               the Company’s exposure to and management of liquidity
                              • Maintain liquidity requirements for regulated entities.
                                                                                                               and funding risk.
                              • Pay quarterly dividends on its outstanding common
                                shares.                                                                        Cash Flows
                              • Finance common share repurchases and retirement
                                                                                                               Table 24 – Cash Flows is a summary of the Consolidated
                                of long-term debt.
                                                                                                               Statements of Cash Flows which forms part of the
                              • Capital investment in the business and business                                Interim Financial Statements for the quarter ended
                                acquisitions.                                                                  March 31, 2025. Cash and cash equivalents decreased by
                              IGM Financial continues to generate significant cash                             $138.1 million in the first quarter of 2025 compared to a
                              flows from its operations. Earnings before interest, taxes,                      decrease of $44.5 million in 2024.
                              depreciation and amortization before sales commissions



                              Table 23: Working Capital
                                                                                                                                                              2025                  2024         2024
                              ($ millions)                                                                                                                   Mar. 31              Dec. 31       Mar. 31
                              Current assets




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                               Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                 $      772.2         $     910.3   $     500.1
                               Client funds on deposit                                                                                                        3,282.4             3,723.7       3,023.2
                               Accounts receivable and other assets                                                                                             464.2               364.7         477.6
                               Current portion of securitized mortgages and other                                                                               951.6             1,307.1         957.8
                                                                                                                                                              5,470.4             6,305.8       4,958.7
                              Current liabilities
                               Accounts and other payables                                                                                                      688.9               797.1         630.2
                               Client deposits                                                                                                                3,269.9             3,702.5       2,998.4
                               Current portion of obligations to securitization entities and other                                                             884.1              1,201.1         886.6
                                                                                                                                                              4,842.9             5,700.7       4,515.2
                              Working capital                                                                                                            $       627.5        $     605.1   $    443.5


                                                                        IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 FIRST QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                                       43
                                    C  40                                       P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Table 24: Cash Flows
                                                                                                                            2025            2024
Three months ended ($ millions)                                                                                            Mar. 31         Mar. 31     Change
Operating activities
 Earnings before income taxes                                                                                          $     305.0     $     292.1          4.4 %
 Income taxes paid                                                                                                          (102.8)           (57.3)      (79.4)
 Adjustments to determine net cash from operating activities                                                                (132.1)         (102.9)       (28.4)
                                                                                                                               70.1          131.9        (46.9)
Financing activities                                                                                                        (191.1)         (190.4)         (0.4)
Investing activities                                                                                                          (17.1)          14.0        N/M
Change in cash and cash equivalents                                                                                         (138.1)         (44.5)      (210.3)
Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period                                                                               910.3          544.6         67.2
Cash and cash equivalents, end of period                                                                               $    772.2      $    500.1         54.4 %



Adjustments to determine net cash from operating                                          • The purchases of other investments totalling
activities during the first quarter of 2025 compared to                                     $15.8 million and sales of other investments with
2024 consist of non-cash operating activities offset by                                     proceeds of $16.0 million in 2025 compared to
cash operating activities:                                                                  $22.9 million and $34.6 million, respectively, in 2024.
• Add-back of amortization of capitalized sales                                           • An increase in loans of $389.7 million with repayments
  commissions offset by the deduction of capitalized                                        of loans and other of $393.1 million in 2025 compared
  sales commissions paid.                                                                   to $246.6 million and $268.2 million, respectively, in
• Add-back of amortization of capital, intangible and                                       2024 primarily related to residential mortgages in the
  other assets.                                                                             Company’s mortgage banking operations.
• Deduction of investment in associates’ equity earnings                                  • Net cash used in additions to intangible assets
  offset by dividends received.                                                             and other was $13.0 million in 2025 compared to
• Add-back of pension and other post-employment                                             $15.7 million in 2024.
  benefits offset by cash contributions.
• Changes in operating assets and liabilities and other.                                  Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income
• Deduction of restructuring provision cash payments.                                     Accumulated other comprehensive income totalled
Financing activities during the first quarter of 2025                                     $1.1 billion at March 31, 2025, compared to $0.5 billion
compared to 2024 related to:                                                              at March 31, 2024, as detailed in Table 25.
• An increase in obligations to securitization entities                                   Other comprehensive income for Investment in
  of $285.4 million and repayments of obligations                                         associates in 2025 was primarily related to the foreign
  to securitization entities of $284.9 million in 2025                                    exchange translation related to the Company’s
  compared to an increase in obligations to securitization                                investment in Lifeco.
  entities of $256.4 million and repayments of obligations
  to securitization entities of $294.9 million in 2024.                                   Capital Resources




                                                                                                                                                                    PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
• The purchase of 1,754,700 common shares in 2025
                                                                                          The Company’s capital management objective is to
  under IGM Financial’s normal course issuer bid at a
                                                                                          maximize shareholder returns while ensuring that the
  cost of $78.8 million compared to purchase of 340,000
                                                                                          Company is capitalized in a manner which appropriately
  common shares at a cost of $12.0 million in 2024.
                                                                                          supports regulatory capital requirements, working capital
• The payment of regular common share dividends                                           needs and business expansion. The Company’s capital
  which totalled $133.8 million in 2025, compared to                                      management practices are focused on preserving the
  $133.9 million in 2024.                                                                 quality of its financial position by maintaining a solid
Investing activities during the first quarter of 2025                                     capital base and a strong balance sheet. Capital of the
compared to 2024 primarily related to:                                                    Company consists of long-term debt and shareholders’
                                                                                          equity which totalled $10.3 billion at March 31, 2025,


44 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 FIRST QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                         P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                   C  41
                              Table 25: Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
                                                                                                                                                                   Investment
                                                                                                                                                                            in
                                                                                                                         Employee        Other                      Associates
                              ($ millions)                                                                                Benefits Investments                      and Other            Total
                              2025
                              Balance, January 1                                                                            $      34.1          $     917.3            $   118.7    $ 1,070.1
                               Other comprehensive income (loss)                                                                   (0.5)                13.2                 20.7         33.4
                              Balance, March 31                                                                             $      33.6          $     930.5            $   139.4    $ 1,103.5
                              2024
                              Balance, January 1                                                                            $     (14.0)         $     394.0            $   (63.7)   $   316.3
                               Other comprehensive income (loss)                                                                   27.4                 97.8                 23.1        148.3
                              Balance, March 31                                                                             $      13.4          $     491.8            $   (40.6)   $   464.6




                              compared to $10.2 billion at December 31, 2024. The                        authorized to purchase for cancellation up to 3 million of
                              Company regularly assesses its capital management                          its common shares.
                              practices in response to changing economic conditions.                     In connection with its NCIB, the Company has
                              The Company’s capital is primarily utilized in its                         established an automatic securities purchase plan (ASPP)
                              ongoing business operations to support working                             for its common shares. The ASPP provides standard
                              capital requirements, long-term investments made by                        instructions regarding how IGM Financial’s common
                              the Company, business expansion and other strategic                        shares are to be purchased under the NCIB during
                              objectives. Subsidiaries subject to regulatory capital                     certain pre-determined trading blackout periods,
                              requirements include investment dealers, mutual fund                       subject to pre-established parameters. Outside of these
                              dealers, exempt market dealers, portfolio managers,                        pre-determined trading blackout periods, purchases
                              investment fund managers and a trust company. These                        under the Company’s NCIB will be completed based
                              subsidiaries are required to maintain minimum levels                       upon management’s discretion.
                              of capital based on either working capital, liquidity or                   Other activities in 2025 included the declaration of
                              shareholders’ equity. The Company’s subsidiaries have                      common share dividends of $133.2 million or $0.5625 per
                              complied with all regulatory capital requirements.                         share. Changes in common share capital are reflected in
                              The total outstanding long-term debt was $2.4 billion at                   the Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity.
                              March 31, 2025, unchanged from December 31, 2024.                          Standard & Poor’s (S&P) current rating on the Company’s
                              Long-term debt is comprised of debentures which are                        senior unsecured debentures is “A” with a stable outlook.
                              senior unsecured debt obligations of the Company                           Morningstar DBRS current rating on the Company’s
                              subject to standard covenants, including negative                          senior unsecured debentures is “A (High)” with a stable
                              pledges, but which do not include any specified financial                  rating trend.
                              or operational covenants.
                                                                                                         Credit ratings are intended to provide investors with
                              The Company purchased 1,754,700 common shares                              an independent measure of the credit quality of the
                              during the three months ended March 31, 2025 at a cost




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                                                                                         securities of a company and are indicators of the
                              of $78.8 million under its Normal Course Issuer Bid (NCIB)                 likelihood of payment and the capacity of a company to
                              (refer to Note 8 to the Interim Financial Statements).                     meet its obligations in accordance with the terms of each
                              The Company commenced an NCIB on December 23,                              obligation. Descriptions of the rating categories for each
                              2024 to purchase for cancellation up to 5 million of its                   of the agencies set forth below have been obtained
                              common shares. The program will be used to mitigate                        from the respective rating agencies’ websites.
                              the dilutive effect of stock options issued under the                      These ratings are not a recommendation to buy, sell or
                              Company’s stock option plan and for other capital                          hold the securities of the Company and do not address
                              management purposes. The Company’s previous NCIB                           market price or other factors that might determine
                              expired on December 20, 2024 where the Company was                         suitability of a specific security for a particular investor.
                                                                                                         The ratings also may not reflect the potential impact of all


                                                                   IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 FIRST QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                                   45
                                    C  42                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
risks on the value of securities and are subject to revision                               assets, accounts payable and accrued liabilities, client
or withdrawal at any time by the rating organization.                                      deposits, credit facility, and certain other financial liabilities.
The A rating assigned to IGM Financial’s senior unsecured                                  Fair value is determined using the following methods
debentures by S&P is the sixth highest of the 22 ratings                                   and assumptions:
used for long-term debt. This rating indicates S&P’s                                       • Other investments and other financial assets and
view that the Company’s capacity to meet its financial                                       financial liabilities are valued using quoted prices from
commitment on the obligation is strong, but the                                              active markets, when available. When a quoted market
obligation is somewhat more susceptible to the adverse                                       price is not readily available, valuation techniques
effects of changes in circumstances and economic                                             are used that require assumptions related to discount
conditions than obligations in higher rated categories.                                      rates and the timing and amount of future cash flows.
The A (High) rating assigned to IGM Financial’s senior                                       Wherever possible, observable market inputs are used
unsecured debentures by Morningstar DBRS is the                                              in the valuation techniques.
fifth highest of the 22 ratings used for long-term                                         • Loans classified as held for trading are valued using
debt. Under the Morningstar DBRS long-term rating                                            market interest rates for loans with similar credit risk
scale, debt securities rated A (High) are of good credit                                     and maturity, specifically lending rates offered to retail
quality and the capacity for the payment of financial                                        borrowers by financial institutions.
obligations is substantial, but of lesser credit quality                                   • Loans classified as amortized cost are valued by
than AA. Entities in the A (High) category may be                                            discounting the expected future cash flows at
vulnerable to future events, but qualifying negative                                         prevailing market yields.
factors are considered manageable.                                                         • Valuation methods used for Other investments
                                                                                             classified as FVTOCI include comparison to market
Financial Instruments                                                                        transactions with arm’s length third parties, use of
Table 26 presents the carrying amounts and fair values of                                    market multiples, and discounted cash flow analysis.
financial assets and financial liabilities. The table excludes                             • Obligations to securitization entities are valued by
fair value information for financial assets and financial                                    discounting the expected future cash flows at prevailing
liabilities not measured at fair value if the carrying amount                                market yields for securities issued by these securitization
is a reasonable approximation of fair value. These items                                     entities having similar terms and characteristics.
include cash and cash equivalents, client funds on deposit,                                • Long-term debt is valued using quoted prices for each
accounts and other receivables, certain other financial                                      debenture available in the market.



Table 26: Financial Instruments
                                                                                                                        March 31, 2025      December 31, 2024
                                                                                                          Carrying                Fair   Carrying          Fair
($ millions)                                                                                                 Value              Value       Value        Value
Financial assets recorded at fair value
 Other investments
   – FVTOCI                                                                                               $ 1,367.9          $ 1,367.9   $ 1,350.4    $ 1,350.4




                                                                                                                                                                    PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
   – FVTPL                                                                                                     95.8               95.8       118.1        118.1
 Loans
   – FVTPL                                                                                                       52.0             52.0          –               –
 Derivative financial instruments                                                                                28.5             28.5       36.0            36.0
Financial assets recorded at amortized cost
 Loans
  – Amortized cost                                                                                          5,414.8            5,474.0    5,462.4       5,491.9
Financial liabilities recorded at fair value
 Derivative financial instruments                                                                                26.7             26.7       25.7            25.7
Financial liabilities recorded at amortized cost
 Obligations to securitization entities                                                                     5,029.1            5,130.0    5,024.9       5,098.4
 Long-term debt                                                                                             2,400.0            2,507.8    2,400.0       2,485.4


46 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 FIRST QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                          P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                C  43
                              • Derivative financial instruments are valued based on                      Although there were changes to both the carrying
                                quoted market prices, where available, prevailing                         values and fair values of financial instruments, these
                                market rates for instruments with similar characteristics                 changes did not have a material impact on the financial
                                and maturities, or discounted cash flow analysis.                         condition of the Company for the three months ended
                              See Note 13 of the Interim Financial Statements which                       March 31, 2025.
                              provides additional discussion on the determination of
                              fair value of financial instruments.




                              Risk Management
                              IGM Financial is exposed to a variety of risks that are                     ii) ensuring that appropriate policies, procedures
                              inherent in our business activities. Our ability to manage                  and controls are implemented to manage risks, and
                              these risks is key to our ongoing success. The Company                      iii) reviewing the risk management process on a regular
                              emphasizes a strong risk management culture and                             basis to ensure that it is functioning effectively.
                              the implementation of an effective risk management                          Other specific risks are managed with the support of the
                              approach. Our approach coordinates risk management                          following Board committees:
                              across the organization and its business units and seeks
                                                                                                          • The Audit Committee has specific risk oversight
                              to ensure prudent and measured risk-taking in order
                                                                                                            responsibilities in relation to financial disclosure,
                              to achieve an appropriate balance between risk and
                                                                                                            internal controls and the control environment as well
                              return. Fundamental to our enterprise risk management
                                                                                                            as our compliance activities, including administration
                              program is protecting and enhancing our reputation.
                                                                                                            of the Code of Conduct.
                                                                                                          • The Human Resource Committee oversees human
                              Risk Management Framework
                                                                                                            resources and talent practices and policies including
                              The Company’s risk management approach is                                     compensation.
                              undertaken through our comprehensive Risk                                   • The Governance and Nominating Committee oversees
                              Management Framework which is composed of four                                corporate governance practices.
                              core elements: risk governance, risk appetite, a defined
                                                                                                          • The Related Party and Conduct Review Committee
                              risk management process, and risk management
                                                                                                            oversees conflicts of interest.
                              culture. The Risk Management Framework is approved
                              by the Board of Directors.                                                  Management oversight for risk management resides
                                                                                                          with the Executive Risk Management Committee which
                              Risk Governance                                                             is comprised of the Chief Executive Officers of IGM
                                                                                                          Financial, IG Wealth Management and Mackenzie
                              Our risk governance structure emphasizes ownership of
                                                                                                          Investments, the Chief Financial Officer, the General
                              risk management in each business unit and oversight by
                                                                                                          Counsel, the Chief Operating Officer, the Chief
                              an Executive Risk Management Committee accountable
                                                                                                          Information Officer, the Chief Human Resources Officer,
                              to the Risk Committee of the Board (Risk Committee)




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                                                                                          and the Chief Risk Officer, who reports to the Chief
                              and ultimately to the Board of Directors. Additional
                                                                                                          Executive Officer of IGM Financial. The committee
                              oversight is provided by the Risk, Compliance and
                                                                                                          is responsible for oversight of IGM Financial’s risk
                              Internal Audit functions.
                                                                                                          management process by: i) establishing and maintaining
                              The Risk Committee provides primary oversight and                           the risk framework and policies; ii) defining the risk
                              carries out its risk management mandate. The Risk                           appetite; iii) ensuring our risk profile and processes are
                              Committee is responsible for assisting the Board in                         aligned with corporate strategy and risk appetite; and
                              reviewing and overseeing the risk governance structure                      iv) establishing “tone at the top” and reinforcing a strong
                              and risk management program of the Company by:                              culture of risk management.
                              i) ensuring that appropriate procedures are in place to
                              identify and manage risks and establish risk appetite,


                                                                    IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 FIRST QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                47
                                   C  44                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
The Chief Executive Officers of the operating                                            management and the Board of Directors on the
companies have overall responsibility for overseeing risk                                effectiveness of the Company’s risk management
management of their respective companies.                                                policies, processes and practices.
The Company has assigned responsibility for risk
management using the Three Lines of Defence model,                                       Risk Appetite
with the First Line reflecting the business units having                                 The Company’s appetite for different types of risk is
primary responsibility for risk management, supported                                    established through the Risk Appetite Framework which
by Second Line risk management functions and a Third                                     is approved by the Board of Directors. Under the Risk
Line (the Internal Audit function) providing assurance                                   Appetite Framework, one of four appetite levels is
and validation of the design and effectiveness of the Risk                               established for each risk type and business activity of
Management Framework.                                                                    the Company. These appetite levels range from those
                                                                                         where the Company has no appetite for risk and seeks
First Line of Defence
                                                                                         to minimize any losses, to those where the Company
The leaders of the various business units and support                                    readily accepts exposure while seeking to ensure that
functions have primary ownership and accountability                                      risks are well understood and managed. These appetite
for the ongoing risk management associated with their                                    levels guide our business units as they engage in business
respective activities. Responsibilities of business unit                                 activities, and inform them in establishing policies, limits,
and support function leaders include: i) executing and                                   controls and risk transfer activities.
maintaining procedures for the identification, assessment,
documentation and escalation of risks, ii) implementing                                  The Risk Appetite Framework facilitates the alignment
control activities to mitigate risks, iii) identifying                                   of business strategy with risk appetite, supports capital
opportunities for risk reduction or transfer, and iv) aligning                           deployment assessments, and supports the identification,
business and operational strategies with the risk culture                                mitigation, and management of risks.
and risk appetite of the organization as established by the
Executive Risk Management Committee.
                                                                                         Risk Management Process
                                                                                         The Company’s risk management process is designed
Second Line of Defence
                                                                                         to foster:
The Risk function, overseen by the Chief Risk Officer,
                                                                                         • Ongoing assessment of risks and tolerance in a
provides oversight, analysis and reporting to the
                                                                                           changing operating environment.
Executive Risk Management Committee on the level
                                                                                         • Appropriate identification and understanding of
of risks relative to the established risk appetite for all
                                                                                           existing and emerging risks and risk response.
activities of the Company. Other responsibilities include:
i) developing and maintaining the risk management                                        • Timely monitoring and escalation of risks based upon
program and framework, ii) managing the risk                                               changing circumstances.
management process, and iii) providing guidance and                                      Significant risks that may adversely affect the Company’s
training to business unit and support function leaders.                                  ability to achieve its strategic and business objectives
The Company has a number of committees of senior                                         are identified through the Company’s ongoing risk
business leaders which provide oversight of specific                                     management process.
business risks, including the Financial Risk Management                                  We use a consistent methodology across our
and Operational Risk Management committees. These                                        organizations and business units for identification and




                                                                                                                                                         PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
committees perform critical reviews of risk assessments,                                 assessment of risks. Risks are assessed by evaluating the
risk management practices and risk response plans                                        impact and likelihood of the potential risk event after
developed by business units and support functions.                                       consideration of controls and any risk transfer activities.
Other oversight accountabilities reside with the                                         The results of these assessments are considered relative
Company’s Legal and Compliance functions which are                                       to risk appetite and may result in action plans to adjust
responsible for ensuring compliance with policies, laws                                  the risk profile.
and regulations.                                                                         Risk assessments are monitored and reviewed on an
                                                                                         ongoing basis by business units and by oversight areas
Third Line of Defence
                                                                                         including the Risk function. The Risk function promotes
The Internal Audit function is the third line of defence
                                                                                         and coordinates communication and consultation to
and provides independent assurance to senior


48 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 FIRST QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                         C  45
                              support effective risk management and escalation.                             1) Financial Risk
                              The Risk function regularly reports on the results of
                                                                                                            This is the risk of financial loss related to AUM&A, liquidity
                              risk assessments and on the assessment process to the
                                                                                                            and funding risk, credit risk, or market risk.
                              Executive Risk Management Committee and to the
                              Risk Committee.
                                                                                                            Risks Related to AUM&A
                              Risk Management Culture                                                       At March 31, 2025, IGM Financial’s AUM&A were
                                                                                                            $275.0 billion compared to $270.4 billion at December 31,
                              Risk management is everyone’s responsibility within the
                                                                                                            2024. AUM&A Including SI were $503.6 billion at March 31,
                              organization. The Risk function engages all business units
                                                                                                            2025 compared to $483.5 billion at December 31, 2024.
                              in risk workshops to foster awareness and to incorporate
                              our risk framework into business activities.                                  The Company’s primary sources of revenues are advisory
                                                                                                            fees and asset management fees which are applied as an
                              We have an established business planning process
                                                                                                            annual percentage of the level of AUM&A. AUM&A levels
                              which reinforces our risk management culture. Our
                                                                                                            are impacted by both net sales and changes in the market.
                              compensation programs are typically objectives-based,
                              do not encourage or reward excessive or inappropriate                         Global markets by their nature are subject to uncertainty
                              risk taking, and often are aligned specifically with risk                     and a variety of risks. Movement in equity market prices,
                              management objectives.                                                        foreign exchange rates, real asset values, interest rates/
                                                                                                            credit spreads, or other asset values could cause the
                              Our risk management program emphasizes integrity,
                                                                                                            Company’s AUM&A, revenue and earnings to decline.
                              ethical practices, responsible management and
                                                                                                            A general economic downturn, market volatility, client
                              measured risk-taking with a long-term view. Our
                                                                                                            rebalancing, poor investment performance, or a lack of
                              standards of integrity and ethics are reflected within
                                                                                                            investor confidence could also lead to lower sales, higher
                              our Code of Conduct which applies to directors, officers
                                                                                                            redemption levels and lower AUM&A.
                              and employees.
                                                                                                            The Company believes that exposure to investment
                              Key Risks of the Business                                                     returns on its client portfolios is beneficial over the long
                                                                                                            term to financial results and consistent with stakeholder
                              Significant risks that may adversely affect our ability to                    expectations, and therefore does not typically engage
                              achieve strategic and business objectives are identified                      in risk transfer activities such as hedging in relation to
                              through our ongoing risk management process.                                  these exposures.
                              Risks are identified based on our established                                 The Company’s exposure to market risk aligns with the
                              methodology, considering factors both internal and                            experience of its clients. AUM are broadly diversified
                              external to the organization. These risks are broadly                         by asset class, geographic region, industry sector,
                              grouped into three categories: financial, operational,                        investment team and style. The Company regularly
                              and strategic and business.                                                   reviews the sensitivity of its AUM, revenues, earnings and
                                                                                                            cash flow to changes in financial markets.

                              Table 27: IGM Financial AUM – Asset and Currency Mix
                                                                                                                                                                   Investment
                              As at March 31, 2025                                                                                                                      Funds        Total




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                              Cash                                                                                                                                           2.8 %     3.7 %
                              Short-term fixed income and mortgages                                                                                                          2.9       3.1
                              Other fixed income                                                                                                                            22.4      22.2
                              Domestic equity                                                                                                                               19.9      24.1
                              Foreign equity                                                                                                                                49.9      45.3
                              Real Property                                                                                                                                  2.1       1.6
                                                                                                                                                                           100.0 %   100.0 %
                              CAD                                                                                                                                           48.1 %    53.8 %
                              USD                                                                                                                                           36.8      32.8
                              Other                                                                                                                                         15.1      13.4
                                                                                                                                                                           100.0 %   100.0 %


                                                                      IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 FIRST QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                              49
                                   C  46                                     P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Domestic and foreign equity securities are exposed to                                           • Regular assessment of capital market conditions and
equity price risk which may negatively impact AUM&A,                                              the Company’s ability to access bank and capital
revenues and earnings. Equity price risk can be classified                                        market funding.
into two categories: general equity risk and issuer-specific                                    • Ongoing efforts to diversify and expand long-term
risk. The Company’s internal and external fund managers                                           mortgage funding sources.
reduce exposure to issuer-specific risks through                                                • Oversight of liquidity and funding risks by an internal
diversification.                                                                                  Financial Risk Management Committee.
Fixed-income securities are exposed to interest rate risk.                                      A key funding requirement is the funding of advisor
An increase in interest rates causes market prices of fixed-                                    network compensation paid for the distribution of
income securities to fall while a decrease in interest rates                                    financial products and services. This compensation
causes market prices to rise, thus impacting AUM&A,                                             continues to be paid from operating cash flows.
revenue and earnings.
                                                                                                The Company also maintains sufficient liquidity to
Foreign currency denominated securities are exposed                                             fund and temporarily hold mortgages, which include
to foreign exchange risk. A depreciation in foreign                                             HELOCs, pending sale or securitization to long-term
currency versus the Canadian dollar will cause the                                              funding sources and to manage any derivative collateral
Canadian value of securities to fall while an appreciation                                      requirements. Through its mortgage banking operations,
in foreign currency versus the Canadian dollar will cause                                       residential mortgages are sold to third parties including
the Canadian value of securities to rise, thus impacting                                        certain mutual funds, institutional investors through
AUM&A, revenue and earnings.                                                                    private placements, Canadian bank-sponsored
                                                                                                securitization trusts, and by issuance and sale of National
Liquidity and Funding Risk                                                                      Housing Act Mortgage-Backed Securities (NHA MBS)
This is the risk of an inability to generate or obtain                                          including sales to Canada Housing Trust under the CMB
sufficient cash in a timely and cost-effective manner to                                        Program. The Company maintains committed capacity
meet contractual or anticipated commitments as they                                             within certain Canadian bank-sponsored securitization
come due or arise.                                                                              trusts. Capacity for sales under the CMB Program consists
Our liquidity profile is structured to ensure we have                                           of participation in new CMB issues and reinvestment of
sufficient liquidity to satisfy current and prospective                                         principal repayments held in the Principal Reinvestment
requirements in both normal and stressed conditions.                                            Accounts. The Company’s continued ability to fund
Our liquidity management practices include:                                                     residential mortgages through Canadian bank-sponsored
                                                                                                securitization trusts and NHA MBS is dependent on
• Maintaining liquid assets and lines of credit to satisfy
                                                                                                securitization market conditions and government
  near term liquidity needs.
                                                                                                regulations that are subject to change. A condition of
• Ensuring effective controls over liquidity management                                         the NHA MBS and CMB Program is that securitized loans
  processes.                                                                                    be insured by an insurer that is approved by CMHC. The
• Performing regular cash forecasts and stress testing.                                         availability of mortgage insurance is dependent upon
                                                                                                market conditions and is subject to change.




                                                                                                                                                                                   PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
Table 28: Contractual Obligations
As at March 31, 2025                                                                                                    Less than            1–5           After
($ millions)                                                                                        Demand                 1 Year           Years        5 Years           Total
Derivative financial instruments                                                                $          –        $            9.3   $      17.4   $         –   $      26.7
Client deposits(1)                                                                                   3,269.9                       –             –             –       3,269.9
Obligations to securitization entities                                                                     –                 1,275.2       3,742.1          11.8       5,029.1
Leases(2)                                                                                                  –                    29.5          92.6         107.8         229.9
Long-term debt                                                                                             –                       –         525.0       1,875.0       2,400.0
Total contractual obligations                                                                   $ 3,269.9           $        1,314.0   $ 4,377.1     $ 1,994.6     $ 10,955.6

(1) Client deposits due on demand are primarily offset by client funds held on deposit.
(2) Includes remaining lease payments related to office space and equipment used in the normal course of business.


50 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 FIRST QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                         C  47
                              The Company accesses the unsecured long-term debt                           (December 31, 2024 – $545.0 million) primarily on deposit
                              markets for corporate purposes, and ensures a well-                         with Canadian chartered banks and cash equivalents of
                              diversified maturity structure to manage associated                         $176.1 million (December 31, 2024 – $365.3 million). Cash
                              funding risks.                                                              equivalents are comprised of Government of Canada
                              The Company’s contractual obligations are reflected in                      treasury bills totalling $16.7 million (December 31, 2024 –
                              Table 28.                                                                   $37.9 million), provincial government treasury bills and
                                                                                                          promissory notes of $141.9 million (December 31, 2024 –
                              In addition to IGM Financial’s current balance of cash                      $289.5 million), and bank term deposits of $17.5 million
                              and cash equivalents, liquidity is available through                        (December 31, 2024 – $37.9 million).
                              the Company’s lines of credit. The Company’s lines of
                              credit with various Schedule I Canadian chartered banks                     The Company manages credit risk related to cash and
                              totalled $800 million at March 31, 2025, unchanged from                     cash equivalents by adhering to its corporate investment
                              December 31, 2024. The lines of credit at March 31,                         and counterparty credit risk management policies that
                              2025 consisted of committed lines of $650 million and                       outline credit risk parameters and concentration limits.
                              uncommitted lines of $150 million, unchanged from                           The Company regularly reviews the credit ratings of its
                              December 31, 2024. Any advances made by a bank                              counterparties. The maximum exposure to credit risk on
                              under the uncommitted lines of credit are at the bank’s                     these financial instruments is their carrying value.
                              sole discretion. As at March 31, 2025 and December 31,                      The Company’s exposure to and management of credit
                              2024, the Company was not utilizing its committed lines                     risk related to cash and cash equivalents and fixed
                              of credit or its uncommitted lines of credit.                               income securities have not changed materially since
                              Management believes cash flows from operations,                             December 31, 2024.
                              available cash balances and other sources of liquidity                      IG Wealth Management’s client funds on deposit of
                              are sufficient to meet the Company’s liquidity needs.                       $3.3 billion (December 31, 2024 – $3.7 billion) are held
                              The Company continues to have the ability to meet                           with Schedule I chartered banks and approximately
                              its operational cash flow requirements, its contractual                     89% of the client deposits were insured by the Canada
                              obligations, and its declared dividends. The current                        Deposit Insurance Corporation (CDIC) at March 31, 2025.
                              practice of the Company is to declare and pay dividends
                                                                                                          Mortgage Portfolio
                              to common shareholders on a quarterly basis at the
                              discretion of the Board of Directors. The declaration                       At March 31, 2025, residential mortgages including
                              of dividends by the Board of Directors is dependent                         HELOCs, recorded on the Company’s balance sheet, of
                              on a variety of factors, including earnings which are                       $5.5 billion (December 31, 2024 – $5.5 billion) consisted of
                              significantly influenced by the impact that market risk                     $5.1 billion sold to securitization programs (December 31,
                              has on the Company’s fee income and commission and                          2024 – $5.1 billion), $402.3 million held pending sale or
                              certain other expenses. The Company’s liquidity position                    securitization (December 31, 2024 – $405.7 million) and
                              and its management of liquidity and funding risk have                       $11.9 million related to the Company’s intermediary
                              not changed materially since December 31, 2024.                             operations (December 31, 2024 – $11.2 million).
                                                                                                          The Company manages credit risk related to residential
                              Credit Risk                                                                 mortgages through:
                              This is the risk of financial loss to the Company if a                      • Adhering to its lending policy and underwriting
                              counterparty to a transaction fails to meet its obligations.                  standards;




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                              The Company is exposed to credit risk through its cash                      • Its loan servicing capabilities;
                              and cash equivalents, client funds on deposit, mortgage                     • Use of client-insured mortgage default insurance and
                              portfolio, and use of over-the-counter derivatives. The                       mortgage portfolio default insurance held by the
                              Company monitors its credit risk management practices                         Company; and
                              on an ongoing basis to evaluate their effectiveness.                        • Its practice of originating its mortgages exclusively
                                                                                                            through a network of Mortgage Advisors and
                              Cash and Cash Equivalents and Client Funds on Deposit
                                                                                                            IG Wealth Management advisors as part of a client’s
                              At March 31, 2025, cash and cash equivalents of                               IG Living Plan.
                              $772.2 million (December 31, 2024 – $910.3 million)
                              consisted of cash balances of $596.1 million                                In certain instances, credit risk is also limited by the terms
                                                                                                          and nature of securitization transactions as described below:


                                                                    IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 FIRST QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                51
                                   C  48                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
• Under the NHA MBS program totalling $2.5 billion                                       The Company’s exposure to and management of credit
  (December 31, 2024 – $2.5 billion), the Company is                                     risk related to mortgage portfolios have not changed
  obligated to make timely payment of principal and                                      materially since December 31, 2024.
  coupons irrespective of whether such payments were
                                                                                         Derivatives
  received from the mortgage borrower. However, as
  required by the NHA MBS program, 100% of the loans                                     The Company is exposed to credit risk through
  are insured by an approved insurer.                                                    derivative contracts it utilizes to hedge interest rate risk,
                                                                                         to facilitate securitization transactions and to hedge
• Credit risk for mortgages securitized by transfer
                                                                                         market risk related to certain stock-based compensation
  to bank-sponsored securitization trusts totalling
                                                                                         arrangements. These derivatives are discussed more fully
  $2.5 billion (December 31, 2024 – $2.6 billion) is limited
                                                                                         under the Market Risk section of this MD&A.
  to amounts held in cash reserve accounts and future
  net interest income, the fair values of which were                                     To the extent that the fair value of the derivatives is in a
  $61.6 million (December 31, 2024 – $62.7 million) and                                  gain position, the Company is exposed to credit risk if its
  $37.3 million (December 31, 2024 – $38.0 million),                                     counterparties fail to fulfil their obligations under these
  respectively, at March 31, 2025. Cash reserve accounts                                 arrangements.
  are reflected on the balance sheet, whereas rights to                                  The Company’s derivative activities are managed in
  future net interest income are not reflected on the                                    accordance with its Derivative Policy which includes
  balance sheet and will be recorded over the life of                                    counterparty limits and other parameters to manage
  the mortgages.                                                                         counterparty risk. The aggregate credit risk exposure
At March 31, 2025, residential mortgages recorded on                                     related to derivatives that are in a gain position of
balance sheet were 49.2% insured (December 31, 2024 –                                    $31.1 million (December 31, 2024 – $40.4 million) does
48.9%). At March 31, 2025, impaired mortgages on these                                   not give effect to any netting agreements or collateral
portfolios were $3.9 million, compared to $3.5 million                                   arrangements. The exposure to credit risk, considering
at December 31, 2024. Uninsured non-performing                                           netting agreements and collateral arrangements and
mortgages over 90 days on these portfolios were                                          including rights to future net interest income, was
$2.1 million at March 31, 2025, unchanged from                                           $11.0 million at March 31, 2025 (December 31, 2024 –
December 31, 2024.                                                                       $20.6 million). Counterparties are all Canadian Schedule
                                                                                         I chartered banks and, as a result, management has
The Company also retains certain elements of credit risk
                                                                                         determined that the Company’s overall credit risk related
on mortgage loans sold to the IG Mackenzie Mortgage
                                                                                         to derivatives was not significant at March 31, 2025.
and Short-Term Income Fund through an agreement
                                                                                         Management of credit risk related to derivatives has not
to repurchase mortgages in certain circumstances
                                                                                         changed materially since December 31, 2024.
benefiting the funds. These loans are not recorded
on the Company’s balance sheet as the Company has                                        Additional information related to the Company’s
transferred substantially all of the risks and rewards of                                securitization activities and utilization of derivative
ownership associated with these loans.                                                   contracts can be found in Note 6 to the Interim Financial
                                                                                         Statements and Notes 2, 7, 8 and 24 to the Consolidated
The Company regularly reviews the credit quality of
                                                                                         Financial Statements included in the 2024 IGM Financial
the mortgages and the adequacy of the allowance for
                                                                                         Inc. Annual Report.
expected credit losses.




                                                                                                                                                          PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
The Company’s allowance for expected credit losses                                       Market Risk
was $0.8 million at March 31, 2025, unchanged from
                                                                                         This is the risk of loss arising from changes in the values
December 31, 2024, and is considered adequate by
                                                                                         of the Company’s financial instruments due to changes in
management to absorb all credit-related losses in
                                                                                         interest rates, equity prices or foreign exchange rates.
the mortgage portfolios based on: i) historical credit
performance experience, ii) recent trends in interest                                    Interest Rate Risk
rates, iii) current portfolio credit metrics and other                                   IGM Financial is exposed to interest rate risk on its mortgage
relevant characteristics, iv) our strong financial planning                              portfolio and on certain of the derivative financial
relationship with our clients, and v) stress testing of losses                           instruments used in our mortgage banking operations.
under adverse real estate market conditions.
                                                                                         The Company manages interest rate risk associated with
                                                                                         its mortgage banking operations by entering into interest


52   IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 FIRST QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                         C  49
                              rate swaps with Canadian Schedule I chartered banks                         Equity Price Risk
                              as follows:                                                                 IGM Financial is exposed to equity price risk on our
                              • The Company has in certain instances funded floating                      equity investments which are classified as either FVTOCI
                                rate mortgages with fixed rate Canada Mortgage                            or FVTPL, and on our investments in associates, which are
                                Bonds as part of the securitization transactions under                    accounted for using the equity method. The fair value
                                the CMB Program. As part of the CMB Program, the                          of other investments was $1.5 billion at March 31, 2025
                                Company is party to a swap whereby it is entitled to                      (December 31, 2024 – $1.5 billion), as shown in Table 20,
                                receive investment returns on reinvested mortgage                         and the carrying value of investment in associates was
                                principal and is obligated to pay Canada Mortgage                         $4.0 billion at March 31, 2025 (December 31, 2024 –
                                Bond coupons. This swap had a fair value of negative                      $4.0 billion).
                                $9.0 million (December 31, 2024 – negative $3.6 million)                  The Company sponsors a number of deferred
                                and an outstanding notional amount of $0.3 billion at                     compensation arrangements where payments to
                                March 31, 2025 (December 31, 2024 – $0.3 billion). The                    participants are deferred and linked to the performance
                                Company enters into interest rate swaps with Canadian                     of the common shares of IGM Financial Inc. The
                                Schedule I chartered banks to hedge the risk that the                     Company hedges its exposure to this risk through the use
                                interest rates earned on floating rate mortgages and                      of forward agreements and total return swaps.
                                reinvestment returns decline. The fair value of these
                                swaps totalled $3.3 million (December 31, 2024 –                          Foreign Exchange Risk
                                negative $4.3 million), on an outstanding notional                        IGM Financial is exposed to foreign exchange risk on its
                                amount of $1.4 billion at March 31, 2025 (December 31,                    investment in ChinaAMC and Rockefeller. Changes to
                                2024 – $1.4 billion). The net fair value of these swaps of                the carrying value due to changes in foreign exchange
                                negative $5.7 million at March 31, 2025 (December 31,                     rates are recognized in Other comprehensive income.
                                2024 – negative $7.9 million) is recorded on the                          As at March 31, 2025, a 5% appreciation (depreciation) in
                                balance sheet and has an outstanding notional amount                      Canadian currency relative to foreign currencies would
                                of $1.7 billion (December 31, 2024 – $1.7 billion).                       decrease (increase) the aggregate carrying value of
                              • The Company is exposed to the impact that changes                         foreign investments by approximately $136.2 million
                                in interest rates may have on the value of mortgages                      ($150.5 million).
                                committed to or held pending sale or securitization                       The Company’s proportionate share of ChinaAMC’s and
                                to long-term funding sources. The Company enters                          Rockefeller’s earnings, recorded in Proportionate share
                                into interest rate swaps to hedge the interest rate                       of associates’ earnings in the Consolidated Statements of
                                risk related to funding costs for mortgages held by                       Earnings, is also affected by changes in foreign exchange
                                the Company pending sale or securitization. Hedge                         rates. For the period ended March 31, 2025, the impact
                                accounting is applied to the cost of funds on certain                     to net earnings of a 5% appreciation (depreciation) in
                                securitization activities. The effective portion of fair                  Canadian currency relative to foreign currencies would
                                value changes of the associated interest rate swaps are                   decrease (increase) the Company’s proportionate share
                                initially recognized in Other comprehensive income                        of associates’ earnings by approximately $1.2 million
                                and subsequently recognized in Wealth Management                          ($1.4 million).
                                revenue over the term of the related Obligations to
                                securitization entities. The fair value of these swaps was
                                                                                                          2) Operational Risk
                                negative $1.0 million (December 31, 2024 – negative




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                $1.1 million) on an outstanding notional amount of                        This is the risk of financial loss, reputational damage or
                                $80.0 million at March 31, 2025 (December 31, 2024 –                      regulatory actions resulting from inadequate or failed
                                $166.0 million).                                                          internal processes or systems, human interaction or
                                                                                                          external events.
                              As at March 31, 2025, the impact to annual net earnings
                              of a 100 basis point increase in interest rates would                       We are exposed to a broad range of operational risks,
                              have been a decrease of approximately $0.4 million                          including information security and system failures, errors
                              (December 31, 2024 – increase of $0.5 million). The                         relating to transaction processing, financial models
                              Company’s exposure to and management of interest rate                       and valuations, failure of key third parties, fraud and
                              risk have not changed materially since December 31, 2024.                   misappropriation of assets, and inadequate application
                                                                                                          of internal control processes.


                                                                   IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 FIRST QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                 53
                                   C  50                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Operational risks relating to people and processes                                        resources, including third party risk management,
are mitigated through policies and process controls.                                      procurement and contract policies, have been
Oversight of risks and ongoing evaluation of the                                          developed and implemented to specifically address
effectiveness of controls is provided by the Company’s                                    third party risk. We perform due diligence and
Risk, Compliance, and Internal Audit functions.                                           monitoring activities before entering into contractual
The Company’s insurance governance process includes                                       relationships with third parties and on an ongoing basis.
oversight by the Insurance Steering Committee and                                         As our reliance on third parties continues to grow, we
senior executives. As part of this process, the nature                                    continue to enhance resources and processes to support
and extent of the Company’s insurance is regularly                                        third party risk management.
reviewed to ensure coverage remains appropriate and
complies with relevant laws, regulations, and contractual
                                                                                          Model Risk
agreements.                                                                               This is the risk of financial loss or reputational harm
                                                                                          resulting from conclusions and decisions based on
The business unit leaders are responsible for
                                                                                          incorrect or misused models.
management of the day to day operational risks of their
respective business units. Specific programs, policies,                                   We use a variety of models to assist in: the valuation
training, standards and governance processes have been                                    of financial instruments, operational scenario testing,
developed to help manage operational risk.                                                management of cash flows, capital management, and
                                                                                          assessment of potential acquisitions. These models
Technology and Cyber Risk                                                                 incorporate internal assumptions, observable market
This is the risk of failure or inappropriate usage of                                     inputs and available market prices. Effective controls exist
information and technology that enables business                                          over the development, implementation and application
operations and strategies which may result in business                                    of these models. However, changes in the internal
disruption and missed opportunities.                                                      assumptions or other factors affecting the models could
                                                                                          have an adverse effect on the Company’s consolidated
Technology underpins our business operations and the                                      financial position and reputation.
client, employee and advisor experience. As a result,
we are exposed to cyber security risks such as identity                                   Legal and Regulatory Risk
theft, compromise of technology systems and malicious
software attacks. Globally, the volume of these activities                                This is the risk of not complying with laws, contractual
has increased and could compromise confidential                                           agreements or regulatory requirements. These risks
information of the Company and its clients or other                                       relate to regulation governing product distribution,
stakeholders and result in other negative consequences                                    investment management, accounting, reporting and
including lost revenue, litigation, regulatory scrutiny or                                communications.
reputational damage. Our technology risk management                                       The Company is subject to complex and changing
policy provides a framework for managing technology                                       legal, taxation and regulatory requirements, including
risk, alongside enterprise-wide cyber security programs,                                  the requirements of agencies of the federal, provincial
benchmarking of capabilities to sound industry practices,                                 and territorial governments in Canada which regulate
and threat and vulnerability assessment and response                                      the Company and its activities and including changes
capabilities, which together provide resiliency in                                        in foreign jurisdictions in which the Company or
addressing this risk.                                                                     companies it invests in have operations. The Company




                                                                                                                                                         PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                                                                          and its subsidiaries are also subject to the requirements
Third Party Risk                                                                          of a single self-regulatory organization, the Canadian
This is the risk that exists due to the use of external parties                           Investment Regulatory Organization (CIRO). These and
to assist or wholly perform activities necessary to the                                   other regulatory bodies regularly adopt new laws, rules,
operations and strategy of the business.                                                  regulations and policies that apply to the Company and
                                                                                          its subsidiaries. These requirements include those that
We regularly engage third parties to provide expertise                                    apply to IGM Financial as a publicly traded company and
and efficiencies that support our operational activities.                                 those that apply to the Company’s subsidiaries based
Our exposure to third party risk could include                                            on the nature of their activities. They include regulations
reputational, regulatory and other operational risks.                                     related to the management and provision of financial
Policies, standard operating procedures and dedicated                                     products and services, including securities, insurance

54 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 FIRST QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                         P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                         C  51
                              and mortgages, and other activities carried on by the                       teams to develop and implement enterprise-wide
                              Company in the markets in which it operates. Regulatory                     policies, standards and controls regarding the handling
                              standards affecting the Company and the financial                           and safeguarding of personal information. Ultimately
                              services industry are significant and continually evolve.                   reporting to the CPO, the enterprise privacy team works
                              The Company and its subsidiaries are subject to reviews                     with front-line business units to address privacy matters.
                              as part of the normal ongoing process of oversight by                       Employees and advisors are required to complete
                              the various regulators.                                                     mandatory privacy training at onboarding, and annually
                              Failure to comply with laws, rules or regulations could                     thereafter. The training includes our privacy obligations,
                              lead to regulatory sanctions and civil liability, and may                   privacy best practices, and how to prevent, handle
                              have an adverse reputational or financial effect on the                     and report privacy breaches, complaints and access to
                              Company. The Company manages legal and regulatory                           information requests.
                              risk through its efforts to promote a strong culture of
                              compliance. The monitoring of regulatory developments                       Contingencies
                              and their impact on the Company is overseen by the                          The Company is subject to legal actions arising in the
                              Regulatory Initiatives Committee chaired by the General                     normal course of its business. In December 2018, a
                              Counsel. The Company also continues to develop and                          proposed class action was filed in the Ontario Superior
                              maintain compliance policies, processes and oversight,                      Court against Mackenzie Financial Corporation
                              including specific communications on compliance and                         (Mackenzie) which alleges that the company should not
                              legal matters, training, testing, monitoring and reporting.                 have paid mutual fund trailing commissions to order
                              The Audit Committee of the Board receives regular                           execution only dealers. This action was certified in
                              reporting on compliance initiatives and issues.                             January 2024. In August 2022, a second proposed class
                              The Company promotes a strong culture of ethics and                         action concerning the same subject matter was filed
                              integrity through its Code of Conduct approved by the                       against Mackenzie.
                              Board of Directors, which outlines standards of conduct                     In late March 2023, the Company was notified by one
                              that apply to all IGM Financial directors, officers and                     of our third-party vendors, InvestorCOM Inc., that they
                              employees. The Code of Conduct references many                              were compromised due to a cybersecurity incident
                              policies relating to the conduct of directors, officers and                 related to a technology supplier to InvestorCOM,
                              employees. Other corporate policies cover anti-money                        GoAnywhere. The Company has notified impacted
                              laundering and privacy. Training is provided on these                       clients and offered credit monitoring at no cost to all
                              policies on an annual basis. Individuals subject to the                     clients. Four proposed class actions have been filed
                              Code of Conduct attest annually that they understand the                    against Mackenzie concerning this incident.
                              requirements and have complied with its provisions.
                                                                                                          Although it is difficult to predict the outcome of any such
                              Privacy Risk                                                                legal actions, based on current knowledge, management
                                                                                                          does not expect the outcome of any of these matters,
                              Privacy risk is the potential for access to, collection, use,               individually or in aggregate, to have a material adverse
                              transfer, disclosure and retention of personal information                  effect on the Company’s consolidated financial position.
                              in contravention of applicable laws, regulations and/
                              or ethical standards. We collect only the personal                          People Risk
                              information that is necessary to provide our products and




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                              services to clients, and where we have consent to do so.                    This risk refers to the potential inability to: attract or
                                                                                                          retain employees or Wealth Management advisors; have
                              If we need to share personal information with third                         a diverse, equitable and inclusive workforce; provide
                              parties, we remain responsible for that information                         development opportunities to achieve current and future
                              and protect it through contractual and other measures                       business objectives; support employee wellbeing and
                              that commit the service providers to maintain levels of                     engagement; and sustain ongoing personnel or business
                              protection comparable to ours.                                              succession and/or transition plans.
                              IGM Financial has established an enterprise Privacy                         We manage this risk through competitive compensation
                              Risk Management Framework to manage privacy risk.                           and benefit offerings, training and development
                              Our Chief Privacy Officer (CPO) leads and oversees                          programs, and periodic employee and advisor surveys.
                              our privacy program, partnering with cross-functional


                                                                    IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 FIRST QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                55
                                   C  52                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
We have a Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Strategy                                       General Business Conditions
with the purpose of driving an inclusive, equitable
                                                                                         This risk refers to the potential for unfavourable impacts
and consistent experience for employees, Wealth
                                                                                         on IGM Financial resulting from competitive or other
Management advisors, and clients that supports our
                                                                                         external factors relating to the marketplace.
business objectives now and into the future. To achieve
the desired outcomes, we focus on three pillars of                                       Global economic conditions, changes in financial markets,
action: raising awareness; improving inclusive leadership                                as well as inflation, could impact the labour and housing
behaviours; and building external partnerships and                                       market and could potentially have a broader effect
community engagement.                                                                    on investor confidence, income levels and savings.
                                                                                         In addition, geopolitical risk, ongoing trade tensions,
We also have a Wellness Strategy to support our
                                                                                         including tariffs (and the threat of increased tariffs)
employees’ wellbeing with a goal to ensure our
                                                                                         and other governmental actions (including retaliatory
employees are physically thriving, emotionally
                                                                                         measures), and other factors can influence inflation,
balanced, socially connected and financially secure.
                                                                                         interest rates, global economic growth, and business
                                                                                         conditions in markets in which the Company operates.
Business Continuity Management
                                                                                         Global markets are currently exposed to the heightened
This is the risk that the organization cannot effectively                                economic uncertainty related to tariffs and counter-tariffs
recover and maintain critical business processes in the                                  introduced by several countries. These conditions could
event of a disruption (internal, third-party, physical                                   result in reduced sales of IGM Financial’s products and
or natural circumstances) or respond to a crisis or                                      services and/or result in investors redeeming their
emergency event.                                                                         investments. These factors may also affect the level
A business continuity management program ensures the                                     and volatility of financial markets and the value of the
Company’s critical processes function in the event of a                                  Company’s AUM, as described more fully under the
business disruption.                                                                     Risks Related to AUM&A section of this MD&A.

The Company’s crisis response plan outlines policies and                                 To manage this risk, the Company, across its operating
procedures to address situations that could significantly                                subsidiaries, communicates with clients and underscores
impact the organization’s reputation, brands or business                                 the importance of financial planning across economic
operations. A crisis assessment team comprised of                                        cycles. The Company and the industry continue to
senior leadership is responsible for setting strategy,                                   take steps to educate Canadian investors on the merits
overseeing response and ensuring appropriate subject                                     of financial planning, diversification and long-term
matter experts are engaged in scenario-dependent crisis                                  investing. In periods of volatility, Wealth Management
response teams.                                                                          advisors and independent financial advisors play a key
                                                                                         role in assisting investors in maintaining perspective and
On a regular basis, the Company tests business continuity
                                                                                         focus on their long-term objectives.
and disaster recovery plans as well as conducting crisis
simulation exercises.                                                                    Redemption rates for long-term funds are summarized in
                                                                                         Table 29 and are discussed in the Wealth Management
                                                                                         and the Asset Management Segment Operating Results
3) Strategic and Business Risk
                                                                                         sections of this MD&A.
This is the risk of potential adverse impacts resulting from
factors in the external environment or related to the




                                                                                                                                                       PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
strategy or specific business activities of the Company.




Table 29: Twelve Month Trailing Redemption Rate for Long-term Funds
                                                                                                                               2025        2024
                                                                                                                              Mar. 31     Mar. 31
IGM Financial Inc.
 IG Wealth Management                                                                                                            12.1 %      12.7 %
 Mackenzie                                                                                                                       18.9 %      18.2 %



56 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 FIRST QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                       C  53
                              Strategy Setting                                                               can be influenced by a number of factors, including
                                                                                                             investment performance, products and services offered
                              This is the risk of failing to set or meet appropriate strategic
                                                                                                             by competitors, relative service levels, relative pricing,
                              objectives resulting in an impact on business performance.
                                                                                                             product attributes, reputation and actions taken by
                              IGM Financial believes in the importance of good                               competitors. This competition could have an adverse
                              corporate governance and the central role played                               impact upon the Company’s financial position and
                              by directors in the governance process. We believe                             operating results. Please refer to The Competitive
                              that sound corporate governance is essential to the                            Landscape section of this MD&A for further discussion.
                              well-being of the Company and our shareholders.
                                                                                                             We provide Wealth Management advisors, independent
                              Oversight of IGM Financial is performed by the Board of                        financial advisors, as well as retail and institutional clients
                              Directors directly and through its five committees. The                        with a high level of service and support and a broad
                              Company’s President and Chief Executive Officer has                            range of investment products, with a focus on building
                              overall responsibility for management of the Company.                          enduring relationships. The Company’s subsidiaries also
                              The Company’s activities are carried out principally by                        continually review their respective product and service
                              two operating companies – Investors Group Inc. and                             offering and pricing to ensure competitiveness in the
                              Mackenzie Financial Corporation – each of which are                            marketplace.
                              managed by a President and Chief Executive Officer. The
                                                                                                             We strive to deliver strong investment performance
                              Company also has a strategy execution oversight function
                                                                                                             on our products relative to benchmarks and peers.
                              and committee that reviews and approves strategic
                                                                                                             Poor investment performance relative to benchmarks
                              initiative business cases and oversees progress against
                                                                                                             or peers could reduce the level of AUM and sales
                              our strategic priorities and objectives.
                                                                                                             and asset retention, as well as adversely impact our
                              The President and Chief Executive Officer of the                               brands and reputation. Meaningful and/or sustained
                              Company, in collaboration with the Board of Directors, is                      underperformance could affect the Company’s results.
                              responsible each year to develop, review and update the                        Our objective is to cultivate investment processes and
                              Company’s strategic plan. The strategic plan sets out both                     disciplines that give us a competitive advantage, and we
                              the annual and longer-term objectives for the Company                          do this by diversifying our AUM and product shelf by
                              in light of emerging opportunities and risks and with a                        investment team, brand, asset class, mandate, style and
                              view to the Company’s sustained profitable growth and                          geographic region. Our investment risk management
                              long-term value creation. The Board is responsible for                         policy also contains requirements aimed at addressing
                              approving the Company’s overall business strategy. In                          this risk.
                              carrying out this responsibility, the Board reviews the
                              short-, medium- and long-term risks associated with                            Business / Client Relationships
                              the strategic plan, considers the strengths and potential                      This risk refers to the potential for unfavourable impacts
                              weaknesses of trends and opportunities, and approves                           on IGM Financial resulting from changes to key business
                              the Company’s annual business, financial and capital                           or client relationships. These relationships primarily
                              management plans. A portion of each Board meeting                              include IG Wealth Management clients and advisors,
                              is dedicated to discussion of strategic matters including                      Mackenzie retail distribution, strategic and significant
                              receiving updates on the progress and implementation                           business partners, clients of Mackenzie funds, and sub-
                              of the strategic plan.                                                         advisors and other product suppliers.




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                                                                                             IG Wealth Management derives all of its investment fund
                              Competitive Risk                                                               sales, insurance sales, and mortgage and banking sales
                              Product / Service Offering                                                     through its advisor network. IG Wealth Management
                              This risk refers to the potential for unfavourable impacts                     advisors have regular direct contact with clients which
                              on IGM Financial resulting from inadequate product or                          can lead to a strong and personal client relationship
                              service performance, quality or breadth.                                       based on the client’s confidence in that individual
                              IGM Financial, including its subsidiaries and strategic                        advisor. The market for advisors is extremely competitive.
                              investments, operate in a highly competitive                                   The loss of a significant number of key advisors could
                              environment, competing with other financial service                            lead to the loss of client accounts which could have
                              providers, investment managers and product and                                 an adverse effect on IG Wealth Management’s results
                              service types. Client development and retention                                of operations and business prospects, as well as our


                                                                      IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 FIRST QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                 57
                                   C  54                                      P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
culture and ability to attract key advisors. IG Wealth                                   subsidiaries actively monitor such initiatives, and where
Management is focused on strengthening its distribution                                  feasible comment upon or discuss them with regulators,
network of advisors and on responding to the complex                                     the ability of the Company and its subsidiaries to mitigate
financial needs of its clients by delivering a diverse range                             the imposition of differential regulatory treatment of
of products and services in the context of personalized                                  financial products or services is limited.
financial advice.                                                                        The Company continuously monitors regulatory
Mackenzie derives the majority of its mutual fund                                        developments, guidance and communications.
sales through third party financial advisors. Financial
advisors generally offer their clients investment products                               Acquisition Risk
in addition to, and in competition with Mackenzie.                                       This risk refers to the potential that desired objectives
Mackenzie also derives sales of its investment products                                  are not attained from the Company’s acquisitions
and services from its strategic alliance and institutional                               and strategic investments. The Company undertakes
clients. Due to the nature of the distribution relationship                              thorough due diligence prior to completing an
in these relationships and the relative size of these                                    acquisition, but there is no assurance that the Company
accounts, gross sale and redemption activity can be                                      will achieve the expected strategic objectives or cost
more pronounced in these accounts than in a retail                                       and revenue synergies subsequent to an acquisition.
relationship. Mackenzie’s ability to market its investment                               Subsequent changes in the economic environment and
products is highly dependent on continued access to                                      other unanticipated factors may affect the Company’s
these distribution networks. Lack of access could have a                                 ability to achieve expected earnings growth or
material adverse effect on Mackenzie’s operating results                                 expense reductions. The success of an acquisition and
and business prospects. Mackenzie is well positioned to                                  of the Company’s strategic investments is dependent
manage this risk and to continue to build and enhance its                                on retaining AUM, clients, and key employees of an
distribution relationships. Mackenzie’s diverse portfolio                                acquired company.
of financial products and its long-term investment
performance record, marketing, educational and service                                   Natural or Human Caused Disasters
support has made Mackenzie one of Canada’s leading
                                                                                         This is the risk that events such as earthquakes, floods,
investment management companies. These factors are
                                                                                         fire, tornadoes, pandemics, or terrorism could adversely
discussed further in the Asset Management Review of
                                                                                         affect the Company’s financial performance.
the Business section of this MD&A.
                                                                                         Catastrophic events can cause economic uncertainty,
Regulatory Development Risk                                                              affect investor confidence, income levels and financial
This is the potential for changes to regulatory, legal, or                               planning decisions. This could affect the level and volatility
tax requirements that may have an adverse impact on the                                  of financial markets and the level of the Company’s
Company’s business activities or financial results.                                      AUM&A. The Company has an insurance review process
                                                                                         where it assesses and determines the nature and extent
We are exposed to the risk of changes in laws, taxation                                  of insurance that is appropriate to provide adequate
and regulation that could have an adverse impact on                                      protection against unexpected losses, and where it is
the Company, including changes in foreign jurisdictions                                  required by law, regulators or contractual agreements.
in which the Company or companies it invests in have
operations. Particular regulatory initiatives may have                                   Environmental and Social Risk




                                                                                                                                                          PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
the effect of making the products of the Company’s
                                                                                         This is the potential for financial loss or other
subsidiaries appear to be less competitive than the
                                                                                         unfavourable impacts resulting from the Company’s
products of other financial service providers, to third party
                                                                                         inability to manage or respond to changing
distribution channels and to clients. Regulatory differences
                                                                                         environmental or social (E&S) issues connected to our
that may impact the competitiveness of the Company’s
                                                                                         business operations, investment activities, meeting
products include regulatory costs, tax treatment,
                                                                                         our sustainability commitments, and increasingly for
disclosure requirements, transaction processes or other
                                                                                         regulatory compliance. We recognize that E&S risks can
differences that may be as a result of differing regulation
                                                                                         be within our operations or impact stakeholders along
or application of regulation. Regulatory developments
                                                                                         our supply chain, including clients, investee companies
may also impact product structures, pricing, and dealer
                                                                                         and suppliers.
and advisor compensation. While the Company and its


58 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 FIRST QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                         C  55
                              The regulatory landscape for sustainability and                             related matters. The Board meets with management at
                              climate-related matters is rapidly evolving. In December                    least annually to discuss plans and emerging ESG issues.
                              2024, the Canadian Sustainability Standards Board                           Through its Risk Committee, the Board is responsible
                              (CSSB) released its final voluntary Canadian Sustainability                 for ensuring that material ESG and climate-related risks
                              Disclosure Standards, mostly aligned to those of the                        are appropriately identified, managed and monitored.
                              International Sustainability Standards Board (ISSB).                        Its responsibilities include ensuring that appropriate
                              In April 2025, the Canadian Securities Administrators                       procedures are in place to identify and manage
                              announced it was pausing its work related to mandatory                      E&S risks and establish risk tolerances; ensuring that
                              climate-related disclosure rules, while also highlighting                   appropriate policies, procedures and controls are
                              that existing legislation already requires issuers to                       implemented to manage risks; and reviewing the risk
                              disclose material climate-related risks affecting their                     management process on a regular basis to confirm that
                              business in the same way issuers are required to disclose                   it is functioning effectively.
                              other types of material information.
                                                                                                          Senior management at each of our operating companies
                              Given the diverse perspectives of our stakeholders and                      have primary ownership and accountability for the ongoing
                              communities on environmental and social (E&S) issues,                       E&S risk and opportunity management associated with
                              our actions or inactions in managing these matters may                      their respective activities. The Company’s Executive Risk
                              be viewed unfavorably by some. This could potentially                       Management Committee is responsible for oversight of the
                              elevate our E&S risks.                                                      risk management process, including E&S risks. The Executive
                              Environmental risks include issues such as climate change,                  Sustainability Committee is responsible for ensuring central
                              biodiversity and land use, pollution, waste, and the                        management governance for sustainability across IGM,
                              unsustainable use of energy, water and other resources.                     including policy and strategy, goals and targets, measuring
                              Social risks include issues such as human rights; labour                    progress, and reviewing public reports and disclosures.
                              standards; diversity, equity and inclusion; Indigenous                      Our Chief Risk Officer oversees implementation of the
                              reconciliation; and community impacts.                                      Corporate Sustainability and Risk Management programs,
                              IG Wealth Management and Mackenzie Investments,                             reporting into the President and Chief Executive Officer.
                              and their investment sub-advisors, are signatories to                       The Chief Financial Officer is responsible for financial
                              the Principles for Responsible Investment (PRI). Under                      reporting including oversight for any future sustainability-
                              the PRI, investors formally commit to incorporate                           related financial disclosures.
                              environmental, social and governance (ESG) issues into                      Other management committees and working groups also
                              their investment decision making and active ownership                       oversee E&S-related governance across the Company.
                              processes. In addition, our operating companies have
                                                                                                          Climate Risk
                              implemented Sustainable Investment Policies outlining
                                                                                                          Strategy
                              the practices at each company.
                                                                                                          Climate-related risks and opportunities are identified
                              IGM Financial reports annually on sustainability                            and assessed within IGM Financial through our business
                              management and performance in its Sustainability                            planning processes which define our strategic priorities,
                              Report available on our website and is a long-standing                      initiatives and budgets.
                              participant in the CDP (formerly Carbon Disclosure
                              Project), which promotes corporate disclosures                              We are focused on meeting growing demand for
                              on greenhouse gas emissions and climate change                              sustainable investing and the opportunity to invest in the




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                              management including setting and monitoring emission                        transition to a net-zero economy. We are also increasing
                              reduction targets. These disclosures are informed by                        our focus on educating and communicating with clients
                              internationally recognized standards and frameworks                         and advisors on sustainable investing and climate change.
                              such as the Task Force on Climate-related Financial                         As such, IGM Financial’s updated Sustainability Strategy
                              Disclosures (TCFD), The Sustainability Accounting                           highlights Action on Climate as one of the 3 focus areas.
                              Standards Board (SASB), and the Global Reporting                            Through IGM Financial’s wealth and asset management
                              Initiative (GRI).                                                           businesses, this strategy focuses on investing in long-term
                                                                                                          climate solutions to support a low carbon future.
                              Governance
                              Our Board is responsible for providing oversight on risk                    Our operating companies are active participants in
                              and strategy, which includes sustainability and climate-                    collaborative industry groups that support our climate


                                                                   IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 FIRST QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                 59
                                   C  56                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
commitments by engaging companies on improving                                            investment portfolios aids in managing exposure to any
climate change governance, reducing emissions and                                         one company, sector or geographic region that might be
strengthening climate-related financial disclosures.                                      exposed to climate-related risks. We are also exposed to
At Mackenzie Investments, sustainable investing is an                                     the impact of extreme weather events on our corporate
area of strategic emphasis, and we have established a                                     properties which could lead to business disruption, and
dedicated team within Mackenzie’s Sustainability Centre                                   on the valuations of investment properties and client
of Excellence who bring focus to ESG and climate within                                   mortgages, which if not addressed proactively, could
asset management. Mackenzie has expanded its suite                                        affect financial performance and the ability to use the
of funds investing to directly support the transition to a                                assets long-term.
low-carbon economy through its acquisition of Greenchip,                                  Our operating companies are committed to sustainable
an investment boutique which is exclusively focused on                                    investing programs and policies that include a focus on
thematic investing to combat climate change; Northleaf                                    climate risk.
Capital Partners, a private equity investment firm that holds                             We provide data and tools for our investment teams
renewable energy infrastructure investments; the launch                                   to carry out current and forward-looking climate
of the Betterworld team in 2021, that invests in companies                                analysis and we integrate material climate risks into our
making a positive impact on the people and the planet,                                    investment and oversight processes for investment
and funds prioritizing sustainability and ESG-labelled debt,                              management sub-advisors. As part of the hiring process
including green bonds.                                                                    and ongoing assessment of sub-advisors, our teams
IG Wealth Management has integrated environmental                                         request information about how ESG, including climate
and climate issues into its sub-advisory selection                                        risks and opportunities, is resourced, what processes and
and oversight processes, and product development                                          tools are used, metrics and targets, and how strategy and
strategy. In 2021, IG Wealth Management launched                                          governance are influenced. As we continue to develop
its Climate Action Portfolios, a suite of four diversified                                our climate-related financial disclosures, we are devoting
managed solutions which aim to provide clients with                                       increased resources to areas such as training, analysis,
the opportunity to support and benefit from the global                                    metrics, target-setting, strategy planning and working
transition to net zero emissions.                                                         with collaborative organizations.
We have implemented tools for our investment funds to                                     At Mackenzie Investments, each boutique investment
enhance our quantitative assessment of climate risks and                                  team is responsible for determining when and how
opportunities by analyzing emissions and other climate-                                   climate transition and physical risks are material, and for
related information at the investee company, asset class                                  incorporating these risks into their investment process.
and portfolio levels. This system enables us to model                                     We have focused on developing resources and tools
potential transition pathways and track our portfolios                                    to assess climate-related risks and opportunities for our
against the goal of limiting global warming to 2°C above                                  Mackenzie managed equity portfolios. Through these
pre-industrial levels and examine the adequacy of                                         tools we can assess historical greenhouse gas emissions
emissions reductions over time in meeting the goals of the                                data and portfolio temperature alignment to identify
Paris Agreement. We are exploring scenario analysis tools                                 the highest emitters and inform engagement activities
with external data providers to support us in our efforts to                              with companies facing transition risks. At IG Wealth
run climate-related scenario analysis across our business.                                Management, management evaluates the sustainable
                                                                                          investing practices of investment manager sub-advisors,




                                                                                                                                                        PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
Risk Management
                                                                                          including the integration of climate risks into their
Climate risk is captured under strategic and business                                     investment and active ownership practice.
risks, but we recognize the relationship of climate risk
to other risks.                                                                           To maximize stewardship efforts, engagement at
                                                                                          Mackenzie is undertaken through direct conversations
Our climate risks relate primarily to the potential for                                   between portfolio managers and companies/issuers;
physical or transition risks to: negatively affect the                                    through Mackenzie firm-wide engagements; and
performance of our clients’ investments, resulting in                                     through collaborations with peers on initiatives where the
reduced fee revenue; harm our reputation; create market                                   collective investor voice has more influence. At IG Wealth
risks through shifts in product demand; or lead to new                                    Management, investment management sub-advisors
regulatory, legal or disclosure requirements that could                                   including Mackenzie are responsible for engagement
affect our business. Diversification within and across our


60 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 FIRST QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                         P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                        C  57
                              activities and IG Wealth Management monitors their                           is responsible for integrating ESG into its investment
                              practices as part of regular due diligence and oversight.                    process, including determining appropriate GHG
                              Mackenzie Investments is a founding participant in                           emissions and other metrics to assess climate-related risks
                              Climate Engagement Canada and participates in CERES’                         and opportunities in investment strategies. The teams
                              Investor Network on Climate Risk. Both Mackenzie and                         have access to ESG data tools and metrics to support
                              IG Wealth Management joined Climate Action 100+ and                          their assessment.
                              became founding signatories to the Canadian Investor                         We currently report Scope 1, 2 and 3 GHG emissions,
                              Statement on Climate Change.                                                 where possible, including a portion of our Scope 3
                                                                                                           investment emissions and weighted average carbon
                              Metrics and Targets
                                                                                                           intensity. We are continuing to expand and enhance our
                              We set, monitor and report on climate change-related                         measurement and reporting of emissions related to our
                              metrics and targets annually in our CDP response, our                        investment portfolios as tools and information improves.
                              IGM Sustainability Report and our Mackenzie Investments
                              Sustainable Investing report which are available on our
                              websites. At Mackenzie, each boutique investment team




                              The Financial Services Environment
                              Canadians held $6.7 trillion in discretionary financial assets               comprised of mutual fund products, with other product
                              with financial institutions at December 31, 2023 based                       categories including segregated funds, hedge funds,
                              on the most recent report from Investor Economics. The                       pooled funds, closed end funds and exchange traded
                              nature of holdings was diverse, ranging from demand                          funds. With $195 billion in investment fund AUM at
                              deposits held for short-term cash management purposes                        March 31, 2025, IGM Financial is among the country’s
                              to longer-term investments held for retirement purposes.                     largest investment fund managers. We believe that
                              Approximately 60% ($4.0 trillion) of these financial assets                  investment funds are likely to remain the preferred
                              are held within the context of a relationship with a                         savings vehicle of Canadians. They offer the benefits
                              financial advisor, and this is the primary channel serving                   of diversification, professional management, flexibility
                              the longer-term savings needs of Canadians. Of the $2.4                      and convenience, and are available in a broad range
                              trillion held outside of a financial advisory relationship,                  of mandates and structures to meet most investor
                              approximately 61% consisted of bank deposits.                                requirements and preferences.
                              Financial advisors represent the primary distribution                        Traditional distinctions between bank branches,
                              channel for IGM Financial’s products and services, and                       full-service brokerages, financial planning firms and
                              the core emphasis of our business model is to support                        insurance agent sales forces have become obscured
                              these financial advisors as they work with clients to plan                   as many of these financial service providers strive to
                              for and achieve their financial goals. Multiple sources                      offer comprehensive financial advice implemented
                              of research show significantly better financial outcomes                     through access to a broad product shelf. Accordingly,




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                              for Canadians who use financial advisors compared to                         the Canadian financial services industry is characterized
                              those who do not. We actively promote the value of                           by a number of large, diversified, vertically-integrated
                              financial advice and the importance of a relationship with                   participants, similar to IGM Financial, that offer both
                              an advisor to develop and remain focused on long-term                        financial planning and investment management services.
                              financial plans and goals.                                                   Canadian banks distribute financial products and services
                              Approximately 36% of Canadian discretionary financial                        through their traditional bank branches, as well as through
                              assets or $2.4 trillion resided in investment funds at                       their full service and discount brokerage subsidiaries.
                              December 31, 2023, making it the largest financial asset                     Bank branches continue to place increased emphasis on
                              class held by Canadians. Other asset types include                           both financial planning and mutual funds. In addition,
                              deposit products and direct securities such as stocks                        each of the “big six” banks has one or more mutual fund
                              and bonds. Approximately 74% of investment funds are                         management subsidiaries. Collectively, mutual fund assets


                                                                     IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 FIRST QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                61
                                   C  58                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
of the “big six” bank-owned mutual fund managers and                                     to modernize our digital platforms and technology
affiliated firms represented 47% of total industry long-term                             infrastructure to enhance operations, achieve efficiencies
mutual fund assets at March 31, 2025.                                                    and improve the service experience for our clients. We
The Canadian mutual fund industry continues to be                                        believe that IGM Financial is well-positioned to meet
very concentrated, with the 10 largest firms and their                                   competitive challenges and capitalize on future growth
subsidiaries representing 72% of industry long-term                                      opportunities.
mutual fund assets and 72% of total mutual fund AUM at                                   Our competitive strength includes:
March 31, 2025. We anticipate continuing consolidation                                   • Broad and diversified distribution through more
in this segment of the industry as smaller participants are                                than 35,000 financial advisors, with an emphasis on
acquired by larger organizations.                                                          comprehensive financial planning.
We believe that the financial services industry will                                     • Broad product capabilities, leading brands and quality
continue to be influenced by the following trends:                                         sub-advisory relationships.
• Shifting demographics as the number of Canadians                                       • Enduring client relationships and the long-standing
  in their prime savings and retirement years continues                                    heritages and cultures of its subsidiaries.
  to increase.                                                                           • Benefits of being part of the Power Corporation group
• Changes in investor attitudes based on economic                                          of companies.
  conditions.
• Continued importance of the role of the financial
                                                                                         Broad and Diversified Distribution
  advisor.                                                                               In addition to owning one of Canada’s largest financial
• Public policy related to retirement savings.                                           planning organizations, IG Wealth Management,
• Changes in the regulatory environment.                                                 IGM Financial has, through Mackenzie, access to
                                                                                         distribution through over 30,000 independent
• A highly competitive landscape.
                                                                                         financial advisors. Mackenzie also, in its growing
• Advancing and changing technology.                                                     strategic alliance business, partners with global
                                                                                         manufacturing and distribution entities to provide
The Competitive Landscape                                                                investment management services.
IGM Financial’s Wealth Management segment competes
directly with other retail financial service providers in the                            Broad Product Capabilities
advice segment, including other financial planning firms,                                Our subsidiaries continue to develop and launch
as well as full service brokerages, banks and insurance                                  innovative products and strategic investment planning
companies. Its Asset Management segment competes                                         tools to assist advisors in building optimized portfolios
directly with other investment managers for AUM. Our                                     for clients.
products compete with stocks, bonds and other asset
classes for a share of clients’ investment assets.                                       Enduring Client Relationships
Competition from other financial service providers,                                      IGM Financial enjoys significant advantages as a result of
alternative product types or delivery channels, and                                      the enduring relationships that advisors have developed
changes in regulations or public preferences could                                       with clients. In addition, our subsidiaries have strong
impact the characteristics of our product and service                                    heritages and cultures which are challenging for




                                                                                                                                                      PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
offerings, including pricing, product structures, dealer                                 competitors to replicate.
and advisor compensation and disclosure. We monitor
developments on an ongoing basis, and engage in                                          Part of the Power Corporation Group of Companies
policy discussions and develop product and service                                       As part of the Power Corporation group of companies,
responses as appropriate.                                                                IGM Financial benefits through expense savings from
IGM Financial continues to focus on our commitment                                       shared service arrangements, as well as through access
to provide quality investment advice and financial                                       to distribution, products and capital.
products, service innovations, effective and responsible
management of the Company and long-term value
for our clients and shareholders. This includes efforts



62 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 FIRST QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                       C  59
                              Critical Accounting Estimates and Policies

                              Summary of Critical Accounting Estimates                                  Future Accounting Changes
                              There were no changes to the Company’s assumptions                        The Company continuously monitors the changes
                              related to critical accounting estimates from those                       proposed by the International Accounting Standards
                              reported at December 31, 2024.                                            Board (IASB) and analyzes the effect that changes in the
                                                                                                        standards may have on the Company’s operations.
                              Changes in Accounting Policies                                            The IASB is currently undertaking a number of projects
                              IGM Financial has not adopted any changes in                              which will result in changes to existing IFRS standards
                              accounting policies in 2025.                                              that may affect the Company. Updates will be provided
                                                                                                        as the projects develop.




                              Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
                              During the first quarter of 2025, there have been no                      likely to materially affect, the Company’s internal control
                              changes in the Company’s internal control over financial                  over financial reporting.
                              reporting that have materially affected, or are reasonably




                              Other Information
                              Transactions with Related Parties                                         Outstanding Share Data
                              There were no changes to the types of related party                       Outstanding common shares of IGM Financial as at
                              transactions from those reported at December 31,                          March 31, 2025 totalled 236,813,464. Outstanding
                              2024. For further information on transactions involving                   stock options as at March 31, 2025 totalled 7,874,094 of
                              related parties, see Notes 3, 10 and 28 to the Company’s                  which 4,944,165 were exercisable. As at April 30, 2025,
                              Consolidated Financial Statements included in the 2024                    outstanding common shares totalled 236,552,646 and
                              IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report.                                         outstanding stock options totalled 7,864,763 of which
                                                                                                        4,936,083 were exercisable.

                                                                                                        SEDAR
                                                                                                        Additional information relating to IGM Financial, including




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                                                                                        the Company’s most recent financial statements and
                                                                                                        Annual Information Form, is available at www.sedarplus.ca.




                                                                  IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 FIRST QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                63
                                   C  60                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Interim Condensed Consolidated
Financial Statements
Consolidated Statements of Earnings
(unaudited) (in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share amounts)
Three months ended March 31                                                                                                       2025              2024
Revenues
 Wealth management (Note 3)                                                                                                 $   639,484 $     582,565

  Asset management                                                                                                              257,932       241,866
  Dealer compensation expense                                                                                                   (85,092)      (80,092)
  Net asset management (Note 3)                                                                                                 172,840       161,774

  Net investment income and other                                                                                                 7,732        15,627
  Proportionate share of associates’ earnings (Note 7)                                                                           55,743        51,700
                                                                                                                                875,799       811,666
Expenses
 Advisory and business development                                                                                              301,255       265,627
 Operations and support                                                                                                         215,805       203,828
 Sub-advisory                                                                                                                    21,724        17,835
 Interest                                                                                                                        31,974        32,250
                                                                                                                                570,758       519,540
Earnings before income taxes                                                                                                    305,041       292,126
Income taxes                                                                                                                     69,600        67,318
Net earnings                                                                                                                    235,441       224,808
Non-controlling interest (Note 7)                                                                                                (1,664)       (1,423)
Net earnings available to common shareholders                                                                               $   233,777 $     223,385
Earnings per share (in dollars) (Note 14)
 – Basic                                                                                                                    $      0.99 $           0.94
 – Diluted                                                                                                                  $      0.98 $           0.94
(See accompanying notes to interim condensed consolidated financial statements)




                                                                                                                                                           PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.




64 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 FIRST QUARTER REPORT | INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                   C  61
                              Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income
                              (unaudited) (in thousands of Canadian dollars)
                              Three months ended March 31                                                                                                                               2025        2024

                              Net earnings                                                                                                                                      $     235,441 $   224,808

                              Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax
                               Items that will not be reclassified to Net earnings
                                 Fair value through other comprehensive income investments
                                  Other comprehensive income (loss) (Note 4), net of tax of $(2,060) and $(15,266)                                                                     13,195      97,815
                                 Employee benefits
                                  Net actuarial gains (losses), net of tax of $165 and $(10,082)                                                                                         (447)     27,370
                                 Investment in associates – employee benefits and other
                                  Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax of nil                                                                                                   379         (428)

                               Items that may be reclassified subsequently to Net earnings
                                 Investment in associates and other
                                  Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax of $(508) and $(401)                                                                                   20,311      23,586
                                                                                                                                                                                       33,438     148,343
                              Total comprehensive income                                                                                                                              268,879     373,151
                              Non-controlling interest                                                                                                                                 (1,664)     (1,423)
                              Total comprehensive income available to common shareholders                                                                                       $     267,215 $   371,728
                              (See accompanying notes to interim condensed consolidated financial statements)




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.




                                                           IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 FIRST QUARTER REPORT | INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                                       65
                                    C  62                                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Consolidated Balance Sheets
(unaudited) (in thousands of Canadian dollars)
                                                                                                                                  March 31      December 31
                                                                                                                                     2025             2024
Assets
Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                    $      772,225 $        910,278
Other investments (Note 4)                                                                                                        1,463,707        1,468,457
Client funds on deposit                                                                                                           3,282,354        3,723,661
Accounts and other receivables                                                                                                      354,487          268,413
Income taxes recoverable                                                                                                             32,919            1,281
Loans (Note 5)                                                                                                                    5,466,768        5,462,405
Derivative financial instruments                                                                                                     28,523           36,022
Other assets                                                                                                                        182,933          187,139
Investment in associates (Note 7)                                                                                                 3,987,125        3,979,744
Capital assets                                                                                                                      311,049          309,119
Capitalized sales commissions                                                                                                       429,986          418,996
Deferred income taxes                                                                                                                   349            3,486
Intangible assets                                                                                                                 1,275,989        1,277,200
Goodwill                                                                                                                          2,636,771        2,636,771
Total assets                                                                                                                 $   20,225,185 $     20,682,972

Liabilities
Accounts payable and accrued liabilities                                                                                     $      378,706 $        492,326
Income taxes payable                                                                                                                  8,664           33,464
Derivative financial instruments                                                                                                     26,711           25,721
Client deposits                                                                                                                   3,269,882        3,702,514
Other liabilities                                                                                                                   418,439          409,524
Obligations to securitization entities (Note 6)                                                                                   5,029,141        5,024,916
Lease obligations                                                                                                                   160,292          160,804
Deferred income taxes                                                                                                               576,937          563,297
Long-term debt                                                                                                                    2,400,000        2,400,000
Total liabilities                                                                                                                12,268,772       12,812,566

Equity
Share capital
 Common shares                                                                                                                    1,800,688        1,785,233
Contributed surplus                                                                                                                  53,745           54,589
Retained earnings                                                                                                                 4,924,993        4,890,896
Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)                                                                                     1,103,492        1,070,057
Total shareholders’ equity                                                                                                        7,882,918        7,800,775
Non-controlling interest                                                                                                             73,495           69,631
Total equity                                                                                                                      7,956,413        7,870,406




                                                                                                                                                               PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
Total liabilities and equity                                                                                                 $   20,225,185 $     20,682,972
These interim condensed consolidated financial statements were approved and authorized for issuance by the Board of Directors on May 8, 2025.
(See accompanying notes to interim condensed consolidated financial statements)




66 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 FIRST QUARTER REPORT | INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                        C  63
                              Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity
                              (unaudited) (in thousands of Canadian dollars)
                                                                                                 Share                                                      Accumulated
                                                                                                capital                                                            other
                                                                                           – Common                                                         comprehensive                   Non-
                                                                                                shares          Contributed               Retained          income (loss)             controlling       Total
                              Three months ended March 31                                     (Note 8)               surplus              earnings              (Note 11)                interest      equity
                              2025
                              Balance, beginning of period                              $ 1,785,233 $                  54,589 $ 4,890,896 $ 1,070,057 $                                  69,631 $ 7,870,406
                              Net earnings                                                                –                    –           233,777                      –                  1,664    235,441
                              Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax                               –                    –                 –                 33,438                      –     33,438
                              Total comprehensive income (loss)                                           –                    –           233,777                 33,438                  1,664    268,879
                              Common shares
                                Issued under stock option plan                                   28,705                        –                     –                     –                   –      28,705
                                Purchased for cancellation                                      (13,250)                       –                     –                     –                   –     (13,250)
                              Stock options
                                Current period expense                                                    –                865                   –                         –                   –          865
                                Exercised                                                                 –             (1,709)                  –                         –                   –       (1,709)
                              Common share dividends                                                      –                  –            (133,213)                        –                   –    (133,213)
                              Issuance of non-controlling interest (Note 7)                               –                  –                   –                         –               2,200        2,200
                              Transfer out of fair value through other
                              comprehensive income                                                        –                    –                  3                       (3)                  –           –
                              Common share cancellation excess and other                                  –                    –            (66,470)                       –                   –     (66,470)
                              Balance, end of period                                    $ 1,800,688 $                  53,745 $ 4,924,993 $ 1,103,492 $                                  73,495 $ 7,956,413

                              2024
                              Balance, beginning of period                              $ 1,690,626 $                  57,926 $ 4,595,620 $                      316,290 $               59,946 $ 6,720,408
                              Net earnings                                                                –                    –           223,385                     –                   1,423    224,808
                              Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax                               –                    –                 –               148,343                       –    148,343
                              Total comprehensive income (loss)                                           –                    –           223,385               148,343                   1,423    373,151
                              Common shares
                               Issued under stock option plan                                        185                       –                     –                     –                   –          185
                               Purchased for cancellation                                         (2,414)                      –                     –                     –                   –       (2,414)
                              Stock options
                               Current period expense                                                     –                 870                   –                        –                   –           870
                               Exercised                                                                  –                  (8)                  –                        –                   –             (8)
                              Common share dividends                                                      –                   –           (133,783)                        –                   –    (133,783)
                              Dividends to non-controlling interest                                       –                   –                   –                        –              (2,240)       (2,240)
                              Common share cancellation excess and other                                  –                   –             (10,576)                       –                   –      (10,576)
                              Balance, end of period                                    $ 1,688,397 $                  58,788 $ 4,674,646 $                      464,633 $               59,129 $ 6,945,593
                              (See accompanying notes to interim condensed consolidated financial statements)




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.




                                                           IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 FIRST QUARTER REPORT | INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                                            67
                                    C  64                                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
(unaudited) (in thousands of Canadian dollars)
Three months ended March 31                                                                                                          2025              2024
Operating activities
 Earnings before income taxes                                                                                                $    305,041 $      292,126
 Income taxes paid                                                                                                               (102,807)       (57,339)
 Adjustments to determine net cash from operating activities
  Capitalized sales commission amortization                                                                                         27,811         25,457
  Capitalized sales commissions paid                                                                                               (34,212)       (33,184)
  Amortization of capital, intangible and other assets                                                                              24,808         23,571
  Proportionate share of associates’ earnings, net of dividends received                                                           (42,240)       (31,512)
  Pension and other post-employment benefits                                                                                         1,138          2,439
  Changes in operating assets and liabilities and other                                                                          (102,342)        (74,974)
   Cash from operating activities before restructuring provision payments                                                          77,197        146,584
   Restructuring provision cash payments                                                                                           (7,117)       (14,681)
                                                                                                                                   70,080        131,903
Financing activities
 Net increase (decrease) in client certificates                                                                                           –              (14)
 Increase in obligations to securitization entities                                                                               285,363         256,425
 Repayments of obligations to securitization entities and other                                                                  (284,939)       (294,897)
 Repayment of lease obligations                                                                                                      (5,882)         (6,171)
 Issue of common shares                                                                                                             26,997              177
 Common shares purchased for cancellation                                                                                          (78,784)        (11,993)
 Common share dividends paid                                                                                                     (133,817)       (133,949)
                                                                                                                                 (191,062)       (190,422)
Investing activities
 Purchase of other investments                                                                                                     (15,809)        (22,919)
 Proceeds from the sale of other investments                                                                                        16,026          34,616
 Increase in loans                                                                                                               (389,725)       (246,586)
 Repayment of loans and other                                                                                                     393,130         268,203
 Net additions to capital assets                                                                                                     (7,679)         (3,504)
 Net cash used in additions to intangible assets and other                                                                         (13,014)        (15,796)
                                                                                                                                  (17,071)         14,014
Decrease in cash and cash equivalents                                                                                            (138,053)       (44,505)
Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period                                                                                    910,278        544,633
Cash and cash equivalents, end of period                                                                                     $   772,225 $       500,128

Cash                                                                                                                         $   596,151 $       232,460
Cash equivalents                                                                                                                 176,074         267,668
                                                                                                                             $   772,225 $       500,128
Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information related to operating activities
 Interest and dividends received                                                                                             $     70,988 $        68,796




                                                                                                                                                                PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
 Interest paid                                                                                                               $     74,444 $        73,286
(See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements)




68 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 FIRST QUARTER REPORT | INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                     C  65
                              Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
                              March 31, 2025 (unaudited) (In thousands of Canadian dollars, except shares and per share amounts)


                              Note 1. Corporate information

                              IGM Financial Inc. (the Company) is a publicly listed company (TSX: IGM), incorporated and domiciled in Canada. The
                              registered address of the Company is 447 Portage Avenue, Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada. The Company is controlled
                              by Power Corporation of Canada (Power).
                              IGM Financial Inc. is a wealth and asset management company which serves the financial needs of Canadians through its
                              principal subsidiaries, each operating distinctly within the advice segment of the financial services market. The Company’s
                              wholly-owned principal subsidiaries are Investors Group Inc. and Mackenzie Financial Corporation (Mackenzie).


                              Note 2. Summary of material accounting policies

                              The unaudited Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements of the Company (Interim Financial Statements)
                              have been prepared in accordance with International Accounting Standard 34, Interim Financial Reporting, using the
                              accounting policies as set out in Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended December 31,
                              2024. The Interim Financial Statements should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements in the
                              2024 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report.

                              Future accounting changes
                              The Company continuously monitors changes proposed by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) and
                              analyzes the effect that changes in the standards may have on the Company’s operations.


                              Note 3. Revenues from contracts with customers

                              Three months ended March 31                                                                                                                     2025        2024
                              Advisory fees                                                                                                                           $     342,073 $   309,137
                              Product and program fees                                                                                                                      260,603     232,246
                                                                                                                                                                            602,676     541,383
                              Other financial planning revenues                                                                                                              36,808      41,182
                              Wealth management                                                                                                                             639,484     582,565
                              Asset management                                                                                                                              257,932     241,866
                              Dealer compensation expense                                                                                                                   (85,092)    (80,092)
                              Net asset management                                                                                                                          172,840     161,774
                              Net revenues from contracts with customers                                                                                              $     812,324 $   744,339




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                              Wealth management revenue is earned by providing financial planning, investment advisory and related financial
                              services. Advisory fees, related to financial planning, are associated with assets under management and advisement.
                              Product and program fees, related to investment management and administration services, are associated with
                              assets under management. Other financial planning revenues include insurance, banking products and services, and
                              mortgage lending activities.
                              Asset management revenue, related to investment management advisory and administrative services, depends on the
                              level and composition of assets under management.




                                           IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 FIRST QUARTER REPORT | NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                                69
                                   C  66                                      P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Note 4. Other investments

                                                                                                                        March 31, 2025             December 31, 2024
                                                                                                                 Cost          Fair value            Cost        Fair value
Fair value through other comprehensive income (FVTOCI)
 Corporate investments                                                                              $       292,180 $ 1,367,903             $     289,904 $ 1,350,376
Fair value through profit or loss (FVTPL)
 Equity securities                                                                                            1,792                1,997            1,772           1,974
 Proprietary investment funds                                                                                85,324               93,807          107,782         116,107
                                                                                                             87,116               95,804          109,554         118,081
                                                                                                    $       379,296 $ 1,463,707             $     399,458 $ 1,468,457

Wealthsimple Financial Corp. (Wealthsimple) is a financial company that provides simple digital tools for growing and
managing client money. The Company’s investment in Wealthsimple is primarily held through a limited partnership
controlled by Power. The investment is classified at FVTOCI. IGM Financial Inc. holds a 27.2% economic interest
in Wealthsimple (December 31, 2024 – 27.2%). At March 31, 2025, the fair value of the Company’s investment in
Wealthsimple was $1,219 million, unchanged from December 31, 2024. Fair value is determined by using observable
transactions in the investments’ securities where available, discounted cash flows, and other valuation metrics, including
revenue multiples used in the valuation of comparable public companies.


Note 5. Loans

                                                                                                        Contractual maturity
                                                                                                                                            March 31          December 31
                                                                                    1 year                  1–5                Over            2025                 2024
                                                                                    or less                 years            5 years           Total                Total
Amortized cost
 Residential mortgages                                                       $ 1,393,872           $ 4,012,851           $    8,800    $    5,415,523     $      5,463,188
Less: Allowance for expected credit losses                                                                                                        760                   783
                                                                                                                                            5,414,763            5,462,405
Fair value through profit or loss                                                                                                               52,005                     –
                                                                                                                                       $    5,466,768     $      5,462,405
The change in the allowance for expected credit losses is
as follows:
 Balance, beginning of period                                                                                                          $          783     $             737
 Write-offs, net of recoveries                                                                                                                     (29)                 (111)
 Change in expected credit losses                                                                                                                    6                  157
 Balance, end of period                                                                                                                $          760     $             783




                                                                                                                                                                                PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
Total credit impaired loans as at March 31, 2025 were $3.9 million (December 31, 2024 – $3.5 million).
Total interest income on loans was $53.3 million (2024 – $47.6 million). Total interest expense on obligations to
securitization entities, related to securitized loans, was $47.1 million (2024 – $40.5 million). Gains realized on the sale of
residential mortgages totalled $1.2 million (2024 – $0.5 million). Fair value adjustments related to mortgage banking
operations totalled negative $0.8 million (2024 – positive $2.0 million). These amounts were included in Wealth
management revenue. Wealth management revenue also includes other mortgage banking related items including
portfolio insurance, issue costs, and other items.




70 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 FIRST QUARTER REPORT | NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                          P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                           C  67
                              Note 6. Securitizations

                              The Company securitizes residential mortgages through the Canada Mortgage and Housing Corporation (CMHC)
                              sponsored National Housing Act Mortgage-Backed Securities (NHA MBS) Program and Canada Mortgage Bond (CMB)
                              Program and through Canadian bank-sponsored asset-backed commercial paper (ABCP) programs. These transactions
                              do not meet the requirements for derecognition as the Company retains prepayment risk and certain elements of
                              credit risk. Accordingly, the Company has retained these mortgages on its balance sheets and has recorded offsetting
                              liabilities for the net proceeds received as Obligations to securitization entities which are recorded at amortized cost.
                              The Company earns interest on the mortgages and pays interest on the obligations to securitization entities. As part of
                              the CMB transactions, the Company enters into a swap transaction whereby the Company pays coupons on CMBs and
                              receives investment returns on the NHA MBS and the reinvestment of repaid mortgage principal. A component of this
                              swap, related to the obligation to pay CMB coupons and receive investment returns on repaid mortgage principal,
                              and the hedging swap used to manage exposure to changes in variable rate investment returns, are recorded as
                              derivatives with a fair value of negative $5.7 million at March 31, 2025 (December 31, 2024 – negative $7.9 million).
                              All mortgages securitized under the NHA MBS and CMB Program are insured by CMHC or another approved insurer
                              under the program. As part of the ABCP transactions, the Company has provided cash reserves for credit enhancement
                              which are recorded at cost. Credit risk is limited to these cash reserves and future net interest income as the ABCP Trusts
                              have no recourse to the Company’s other assets for failure to make payments when due.
                                                                                                                                                                        Obligations
                                                                                                                                                                                    to
                                                                                                                                                Securitized             securitization
                                                                                                                                                mortgages                   entities            Net
                              March 31, 2025
                              Carrying value
                               NHA MBS and CMB Program                                                                                        $ 2,523,137             $ 2,515,916        $    7,221
                               Bank sponsored ABCP                                                                                              2,530,156               2,513,225            16,931
                               Total                                                                                                          $ 5,053,293             $ 5,029,141        $   24,152
                              Fair value                                                                                                      $ 5,113,281             $ 5,129,977        $   (16,696)

                              December 31, 2024
                              Carrying value
                               NHA MBS and CMB Program                                                                                        $ 2,494,701             $ 2,475,814        $   18,887
                               Bank sponsored ABCP                                                                                              2,551,546               2,549,102             2,444
                               Total                                                                                                          $ 5,046,247             $ 5,024,916        $   21,331
                              Fair value                                                                                                      $ 5,078,431             $ 5,098,441        $   (20,010)

                              The carrying value of Obligations to securitization entities, which is recorded net of issue costs, includes principal
                              payments received on securitized mortgages that are not due to be settled until after the reporting period. Issue costs
                              are amortized over the life of the obligation on an effective interest rate basis.




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.




                                           IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 FIRST QUARTER REPORT | NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                                      71
                                   C  68                                      P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Note 7. Investment in associates

                                                                              Lifeco         ChinaAMC            Rockefeller              Northleaf          Other                  Total
March 31, 2025
Balance, beginning of period                                        $      633,475 $ 2,030,081 $                      903,208 $            353,565 $        59,415 $ 3,979,744
Additions                                                                         –          –                              –               11,000               –      11,000
Dividends                                                                   (13,503)   (66,004)                             –                    –               –     (79,507)
Proportionate share of:
 Earnings (losses)                                                           20,535               30,602                 (4,350)              8,321 (1)       635               55,743
 Other comprehensive income (loss) and
 other adjustments                                                           16,244                 8,358                (1,161)             (3,296)               –            20,145
Balance, end of period                                              $      656,751 $ 2,003,037 $                      897,697 $            369,590 $        60,050 $ 3,987,125

March 31, 2024
Balance, beginning of period                                        $      589,288 $ 1,885,223 $                      844,795 $             301,845 $       38,023 $ 3,659,174
Additions                                                                        –           –                             85                     –              –          85
Dividends                                                                  (12,285)    (72,926)                             –                (7,903)             –     (93,114)
Proportionate share of:
 Earnings (losses)                                                           22,793               26,878                 (4,417)              7,117 (1)       (671)             51,700
 Other comprehensive income (loss) and
 other adjustments                                                            (1,635)               3,794                18,997                    –               –            21,156
Balance, end of period                                              $      598,161 $ 1,842,969 $                      859,460 $             301,059 $       37,352 $ 3,639,001
(1) The Company’s proportionate share of Northleaf’s earnings net of Non-controlling interest was $6,657 (2024 – $5,694).


The Company uses the equity method to account for its investments in associates, which include Great-West Lifeco Inc.
(Lifeco), China Asset Management Co., Ltd. (ChinaAMC), Rockefeller Capital Management (Rockefeller), and Northleaf
Capital Group Ltd. (Northleaf), as it exercises significant influence.

Northleaf
Additional consideration of up to $245.0 million may be payable in the fourth quarter of 2025, subject to Northleaf
achieving exceptional growth in certain performance measures. As at March 31, 2025, the estimated fair value of the
additional consideration was $51.0 million (December 31, 2024 – $40.0 million). The change in fair value of $11.0 million
during the quarter was recorded as an adjustment to the cost of the Company’s investment in Northleaf, of which
$2.2 million was attributable to Non-controlling interest.


Note 8. Share capital

Authorized
   Unlimited number of:
    First preferred shares, issuable in series




                                                                                                                                                                                            PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
    Second preferred shares, issuable in series
    Class 1 non-voting shares
    Common shares, no par value

Issued and outstanding
                                                                                                                         March 31, 2025                            March 31, 2024
                                                                                                             Shares                Stated value           Shares           Stated value
Common shares:
 Balance, beginning of period                                                                        237,878,838               $     1,785,233      238,131,738        $     1,690,626
 Issued under Stock Option Plan                                                                          689,326                        28,705            5,075                    185
 Purchased for cancellation                                                                           (1,754,700)                      (13,250)        (340,000)                (2,414)
 Balance, end of period                                                                              236,813,464               $     1,800,688      237,796,813        $     1,688,397


72     IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 FIRST QUARTER REPORT | NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                                C  69
                              Normal course issuer bid
                              On December 23, 2024, the Company commenced a Normal Course Issuer Bid (NCIB) which will continue until
                              December 22, 2025, when the bid expires, or such earlier date as the Company completes its purchases pursuant to
                              the notice of intention filed with the TSX. Pursuant to this bid, the Company may purchase up to 5.0 million or 2.1%
                              of its common shares outstanding as at December 9, 2024. On December 21, 2023, the Company commenced a
                              NCIB, effective until December 20, 2024, which authorized it to purchase up to 3 million or 1.3% of its common shares
                              outstanding as at December 7, 2023.
                              In the three months ended March 31, 2025, there were 1,754,700 shares (2024 – 340,000) purchased at a cost of
                              $78.8 million (2024 – $12.0 million). The premium paid to purchase the shares in excess of the stated value was charged
                              to Retained earnings.
                              In connection with its NCIB, the Company has established an automatic securities purchase plan for its common
                              shares. The automatic securities purchase plan provides standard instructions regarding how IGM Financial’s common
                              shares are to be purchased under the NCIB during certain pre-determined trading blackout periods, subject to
                              pre-established parameters. Outside of these pre-determined trading blackout periods, purchases under the
                              Company’s NCIB will be completed based upon management’s discretion.


                              Note 9. Capital management

                              The capital management policies, procedures and activities of the Company are discussed in the Capital Resources
                              section of the Company’s Management’s Discussion and Analysis contained in the First Quarter 2025 Report to
                              Shareholders and in Note 20 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in the 2024 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report
                              and have not changed significantly since December 31, 2024.


                              Note 10. Share-based payments

                              Stock option plan
                                                                                                                                                               March 31             December 31
                                                                                                                                                                  2025                    2024
                              Common share options
                               – Outstanding                                                                                                                  7,874,094                8,026,118
                               – Exercisable                                                                                                                  4,944,165                4,786,815

                              In the three months ended March 31, 2025, the Company granted 538,146 options to employees (2024 – 664,576). The
                              weighted-average fair value of options granted during the three months ended March 31, 2025, has been estimated
                              at $6.58 per option (2024 – $4.14) using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. The weighted-average closing share
                              price at the grant date was $45.18.
                              Other assumptions used in these valuation methods include:




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                              Three months ended March 31                                                                                                                    2025           2024
                              Exercise price                                                                                                                            $     44.55    $     35.65
                              Risk-free interest rate                                                                                                                          3.09%          3.61%
                              Expected option life                                                                                                                          7 years        7 years
                              Expected volatility                                                                                                                             24.00%         24.00%
                              Expected dividend yield                                                                                                                          4.98%          6.33%

                              Expected volatility has been estimated based on the historic volatility of the Company’s share price over seven years
                              which is reflective of the expected option life. Options vest over a period of up to 7.5 years from the grant date and are
                              exercisable no later than 10 years after the grant date.



                                           IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 FIRST QUARTER REPORT | NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                                    73
                                   C  70                                      P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Note 11. Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)

                                                                                                                                           Investment
                                                                                                                                                     in
                                                                                                           Employee               Other      associates
                                                                                                            benefits        investments     and other               Total
March 31, 2025
Balance, beginning of period                                                                           $        34,075 $       917,297 $      118,685 $ 1,070,057
Other comprehensive income (loss)                                                                                 (447)         13,195         20,690      33,438
Transfer out of FVTOCI                                                                                               –              (3)             –          (3)
Balance, end of period                                                                                 $        33,628 $       930,489 $      139,375 $ 1,103,492

March 31, 2024
Balance, beginning of period                                                                           $       (13,995) $      393,956 $       (63,671) $     316,290
Other comprehensive income (loss)                                                                               27,370          97,815          23,158        148,343
Balance, end of period                                                                                 $        13,375 $       491,771 $       (40,513) $     464,633

Amounts are recorded net of tax.


Note 12. Risk management

The risk management policies and procedures of the Company are discussed in the Financial Risk section of the
Company’s Management’s Discussion and Analysis contained in the First Quarter 2025 Report to Shareholders and in
Note 23 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in the 2024 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report and have not changed
significantly since December 31, 2024.


Note 13. Fair value of financial instruments

Fair values are management’s estimates and are calculated using market conditions at a specific point in time and
may not reflect future fair values. The calculations are subjective in nature, involve uncertainties and are matters of
significant judgment.
All financial instruments measured at fair value and those for which fair value is disclosed are classified into one of
three levels that distinguish fair value measurements by the significance of the inputs used for valuation.
Fair value is determined based on the price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability in the
most advantageous market, utilizing a hierarchy of three different valuation techniques, based on the lowest level
input that is significant to the fair value measurement in its entirety.
     Level 1 – Unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities;
     Level 2 – Observable inputs other than Level 1 quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets;
               quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active; or inputs other




                                                                                                                                                                            PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
               than quoted prices that are observable or corroborated by observable market data; and
     Level 3 – Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity. Valuation techniques are primarily
               model-based.
Markets are considered inactive when transactions are not occurring with sufficient regularity. Inactive markets may
be characterized by a significant decline in the volume and level of observed trading activity or through large or
erratic bid/offer spreads. In those instances where traded markets are not considered sufficiently active, fair value is
measured using valuation models which may utilize predominantly observable market inputs (Level 2) or may utilize
predominantly non-observable market inputs (Level 3). Management considers all reasonably available information
including indicative broker quotations, any available pricing for similar instruments, recent arm’s length market
transactions, any relevant observable market inputs, and internal model-based estimates. Management exercises


74   IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 FIRST QUARTER REPORT | NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


                         P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                        C  71
                              judgment in determining the most appropriate inputs and the weighting ascribed to each input as well as in the
                              selection of valuation methodologies.
                              Fair value is determined using the following methods and assumptions:
                                Other investments and other financial assets and financial liabilities are valued using quoted prices from active
                                markets, when available. When a quoted market price is not readily available, valuation techniques are used that
                                require assumptions related to discount rates and the timing and amount of future cash flows. Wherever possible,
                                observable market inputs are used in the valuation techniques.
                                Loans classified as Level 2 are valued using market interest rates for loans with similar credit risk and maturity.
                                Loans classified as Level 3 are valued by discounting the expected future cash flows at prevailing market yields.
                                Valuation methods used for Other investments classified as Level 3 include comparison to market transactions with
                                arm’s length third parties, use of market multiples, and discounted cash flow analysis.
                                Obligations to securitization entities are valued by discounting the expected future cash flows at prevailing market
                                yields for securities issued by these securitization entities having similar terms and characteristics.
                                Long-term debt is valued using quoted prices for each debenture available in the market.
                                Derivative financial instruments are valued based on quoted market prices, where available, prevailing market rates
                                for instruments with similar characteristics and maturities, or discounted cash flow analysis.

                              Level 1 financial instruments include exchange-traded equity investments and open-end investment fund units and
                              other financial liabilities in instances where there are quoted prices available from active markets.
                              Level 2 assets and liabilities include fixed income securities, loans, derivative financial instruments and long-term
                              debt. The fair value of fixed income securities is determined using quoted market prices or independent dealer price
                              quotes. The fair value of derivative financial instruments is determined using valuation models, discounted cash flow
                              methodologies, or similar techniques using primarily observable market inputs. The fair value of long-term debt is
                              determined using indicative broker quotes.
                              Level 3 assets and liabilities include investments with little or no trading activity valued using broker-dealer quotes,
                              loans, other financial assets, obligations to securitization entities and derivative financial instruments. Derivative
                              financial instruments consist of principal reinvestment account swaps which represent the component of a swap
                              entered into under the CMB Program whereby the Company pays coupons on Canada Mortgage Bonds and receives
                              investment returns on the reinvestment of repaid mortgage principal. Fair value is determined by discounting the
                              projected cashflows of the swaps. The notional amount, which is an input used to determine the fair value of the
                              swap, is determined using an average unobservable prepayment rate of 15% which is based on historical prepayment
                              patterns. An increase (decrease) in the assumed mortgage prepayment rate increases (decreases) the notional amount
                              of the swap. Level 3 Other investments of $1,367.9 million are predominantly comprised of early-stage financial
                              technology companies, including Wealthsimple with a fair value of $1,219 million. Fair value is determined by using
                              observable transactions in the investments’ securities, where available, discounted cash flows, and other valuation
                              metrics, including revenue multiples, used in the valuation of comparable public companies. A 5% increase (decrease)
                              to forecasted cash flows or revenue multiples would result in an increase (decrease) in fair value of the Company’s




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                              investment in Wealthsimple of approximately $61 million.
                              The following table presents the carrying amounts and fair values of financial assets and financial liabilities, including
                              their levels in the fair value hierarchy. The table distinguishes between those financial instruments recorded at fair value
                              and those recorded at amortized cost. The table also excludes fair value information for financial assets and financial
                              liabilities not measured at fair value if the carrying amount is a reasonable approximation of fair value. These items
                              include cash and cash equivalents, client funds on deposit, accounts and other receivables, certain other financial
                              assets, accounts payable and accrued liabilities, client deposits, credit facility and certain other financial liabilities.




                                           IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 FIRST QUARTER REPORT | NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                75
                                   C  72                                      P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
                                                                                                                                                            Fair value
                                                                                       Carrying
                                                                                          value                  Level 1           Level 2      Level 3            Total
March 31, 2025
Financial assets recorded at fair value
 Other investments
   – FVTOCI                                                                        $ 1,367,903             $           –     $          –    $ 1,367,903   $ 1,367,903
   – FVTPL                                                                              95,804                    95,804                –              –        95,804
 Loans
   – FVTPL                                                                                 52,005                        –         52,005             –        52,005
 Derivative financial instruments                                                          28,523                        –         23,529         4,994        28,523
Financial assets recorded at amortized cost
 Loans
   – Amortized cost                                                                   5,414,763                          –        360,672     5,113,281     5,473,953
Financial liabilities recorded at fair value
 Derivative financial instruments                                                          26,711                        –         12,689        14,022        26,711
Financial liabilities recorded at amortized cost
 Obligations to securitization entities                                               5,029,141                          –               –    5,129,977     5,129,977
 Long-term debt                                                                       2,400,000                          –       2,507,751            –     2,507,751

December 31, 2024
Financial assets recorded at fair value
 Other investments
   – FVTOCI                                                                        $ 1,350,376             $          –      $          –    $ 1,350,376   $ 1,350,376
   – FVTPL                                                                             118,081                  118,081                 –              –       118,081
 Derivative financial instruments                                                       36,022                        –            30,212          5,810        36,022
Financial assets recorded at amortized cost
 Loans
   – Amortized cost                                                                   5,462,405                          –        413,443     5,078,431     5,491,874
Financial liabilities recorded at fair value
 Derivative financial instruments                                                          25,721                        –         16,317         9,404        25,721
Financial liabilities recorded at amortized cost
 Obligations to securitization entities                                               5,024,916                          –               –    5,098,441     5,098,441
 Long-term debt                                                                       2,400,000                          –       2,485,403            –     2,485,403




                                                                                                                                                                           PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.




76   IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 FIRST QUARTER REPORT | NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


                           P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                     C  73
                              There were no significant transfers between Level 1 and Level 2 in 2025 and 2024.
                              The following table provides a summary of changes in Level 3 assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring
                              basis. There were no transfers in or out of Level 3 in 2025 and 2024.
                                                                                                                                     Gains (losses)
                                                                                                                                         included
                                                                                                         Gains (losses)                   in Other             Purchases
                                                                                         Balance          included in               comprehensive                    and                                 Balance
                                                                                       January 1         Net earnings (1)                  income              issuances            Settlements          March 31
                              March 31, 2025
                              Other investments
                               – FVTOCI                                            $ 1,350,376 $                         – $                  15,251 $                3,009 $                733 $      1,367,903
                              Derivative financial instruments, net                     (3,594)                     (2,555)                        –                    (61)               2,818           (9,028)

                              March 31, 2024
                              Other investments
                               – FVTOCI                                            $     721,379 $                       – $                 113,081 $                2,072 $                   – $      836,532
                               – FVTPL                                                    11,429                         –                         –                      –                     –         11,429
                              Derivative financial instruments, net                        7,721                      5,790                        –                   (305)               (1,497)        14,703
                              (1) Included in Wealth management revenue or Net investment income and other in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.




                              Note 14. Earnings per common share

                              Three months ended March 31                                                                                                                                      2025         2024
                              Earnings
                               Net earnings                                                                                                                                            $    235,441 $ 224,808
                               Non-controlling interest                                                                                                                                      (1,664)   (1,423)
                               Net earnings available to common shareholders                                                                                                           $    233,777 $ 223,385
                              Number of common shares (in thousands)
                               Weighted average number of common shares outstanding                                                                                                         237,269      238,062
                               Add: Potential exercise of outstanding stock options(1)                                                                                                          964           50
                               Average number of common shares outstanding – diluted basis                                                                                                  238,233      238,112
                              Earnings per common share (in dollars)
                               Basic                                                                                                                                                   $       0.99 $        0.94
                               Diluted                                                                                                                                                 $       0.98 $        0.94
                              (1) Excludes 107 thousand shares for the three months ended March 31, 2025, related to outstanding stock options that were anti-dilutive (2024 – 1,877 thousand).




                              Note 15. Contingent liabilities

                              The Company is subject to legal actions arising in the normal course of its business. In December 2018, a proposed




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                              class action was filed in the Ontario Superior Court against Mackenzie Financial Corporation (Mackenzie) which alleges
                              that the company should not have paid mutual fund trailing commissions to order execution only dealers. This action
                              was certified in January 2024. In August 2022, a second proposed class action concerning the same subject matter was
                              filed against Mackenzie.
                              In late March 2023, the Company was notified by one of our third-party vendors, InvestorCOM Inc., that they were
                              compromised due to a cybersecurity incident related to a technology supplier to InvestorCOM, GoAnywhere. The
                              Company has notified impacted clients and offered credit monitoring at no cost for all clients. Four proposed class
                              actions have been filed against Mackenzie concerning this incident.
                              Although it is difficult to predict the outcome of any such legal actions, based on current knowledge, management
                              does not expect the outcome of any of these matters, individually or in aggregate, to have a material adverse effect
                              on the Company’s consolidated financial position.

                                             IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 FIRST QUARTER REPORT | NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                                                 77
                                     C  74                                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Note 16. Segmented information

The Company’s reportable segments are:
• Wealth Management
• Asset Management
• Corporate and Other
These segments reflect the Company’s internal financial reporting and performance measurement.
• Wealth Management – reflects the activities of its core business and strategic investments that are principally focused
  on providing financial planning and related services to retail client households. This segment includes the activities
  of IG Wealth Management which is a retail distribution organization that serves Canadian households through its
  securities dealer, mutual fund dealer and other subsidiaries licensed to distribute financial products and services.
  A majority of the revenues of this segment are derived from providing financial advice and distributing financial
  products and services to Canadian households. This segment also includes the investment management activities
  of these organizations, including mutual fund management and discretionary portfolio management services. This
  segment also includes the Company’s strategic investments in Rockefeller and Wealthsimple. Rockefeller is classified
  as an investment in associate and accounted for using the equity method, with the proportionate share of earnings
  included in revenue. Wealthsimple is classified as an investment which is accounted for at FVTOCI and therefore has
  no impact on the segment earnings.
• Asset Management – reflects the activities of its core business and strategic investments primarily focused on
  providing investment management services. This segment includes the operations of Mackenzie Investments
  which provides investment management services to a suite of investment funds that are distributed through third
  party dealers and financial advisors, and through institutional advisory mandates to financial institutions, pensions
  and other institutional investors. This segment also includes the Company’s strategic investment in ChinaAMC
  and Northleaf which are classified as investments in associates and accounted for using the equity method. The
  proportionate share of earnings on these investments are included in the segment’s revenue.
• Corporate and Other – primarily represents investments in Lifeco and Portage Ventures LPs, the Company’s
  unallocated capital, as well as consolidation elimination entries.




                                                                                                                                 PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.




78   IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 FIRST QUARTER REPORT | NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5      C  75
                              2025
                                                                                                   Wealth               Asset              Corporate                  Total
                              Three months ended March 31                                      Management         Management               and Other               Segment          Adjustments (1)      Total
                              Revenues
                               Wealth management                                           $      642,831 $                      – $            (3,347) $          639,484 $                   – $    639,484

                               Asset management                                                             –          284,441                (26,509)             257,932                     –      257,932
                               Dealer compensation                                                          –          (83,732)                 (1,360)            (85,092)                    –      (85,092)
                               Net asset management                                                         –          200,709                (27,869)             172,840                     –      172,840

                               Net investment income and other                                       2,027                1,465                 4,240                 7,732                   –         7,732
                               Proportionate share of associates’ earnings                          (3,715)              38,923                24,520                59,728              (3,985)       55,743
                                                                                                  641,143              241,097                  (2,456)            879,784               (3,985)      875,799
                              Expenses
                               Advisory and business development                                  275,059                26,198                     (2)            301,255                     –      301,255
                               Operations and support                                             117,893                97,095                   817              215,805                     –      215,805
                               Sub-advisory                                                        51,537                 1,403               (31,216)              21,724                     –       21,724
                                                                                                  444,489              124,696                (30,401)             538,784                     –      538,784
                                                                                                  196,654              116,401                 27,945              341,000               (3,985)      337,015
                              Interest expense(2)                                                  25,517                6,457                      –               31,974                    –        31,974
                              Earnings before income taxes                                        171,137              109,944                 27,945              309,026               (3,985)      305,041
                              Income taxes                                                         46,874               21,800                    926               69,600                    –        69,600
                                                                                                  124,263                88,144                27,019              239,426               (3,985)      235,441
                              Non-controlling interest                                                  –                (1,664)                    –               (1,664)                   –        (1,664)
                                                                                           $      124,263 $              86,480 $              27,019              237,762               (3,985)      233,777
                              Lifeco other items(1)                                                                                                                   (3,985)             3,985             –
                              Net earnings available to common shareholders                                                                                 $      233,777 $                   – $    233,777

                              Identifiable assets                                          $ 12,307,225 $ 3,851,092 $ 1,430,097 $ 17,588,414 $                                                 – $ 17,588,414
                              Goodwill                                                        1,346,245   1,290,526           –    2,636,771                                                   –    2,636,771
                              Total assets                                                 $ 13,653,470 $ 5,141,618 $ 1,430,097 $ 20,225,185 $                                                 – $ 20,225,185
                              (1) The proportionate share of Lifeco other items is not related to a specific segment and therefore excluded from segment results. This item has been adjusted to
                                  reconcile Total segment results to the Company’s Consolidated Statements of Earnings.
                              (2) Interest expense includes interest on long-term debt and interest on leases.




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.




                                             IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 FIRST QUARTER REPORT | NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                                             79
                                     C  76                                                P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
2024
                                                                           Wealth               Asset              Corporate              Total
Three months ended March 31                                            Management         Management               and Other           Segment     Adjustments (1)           Total
Revenues
 Wealth management                                                 $      584,499 $                      – $            (1,934) $      582,565 $              – $      582,565

  Asset management                                                                  –           267,922               (26,056)         241,866                –        241,866
  Dealer compensation                                                               –           (79,296)                 (796)         (80,092)               –        (80,092)
  Net asset management                                                              –           188,626               (26,852)         161,774                –        161,774

  Net investment income and other                                             5,274               6,526                 3,827           15,627               –          15,627
  Proportionate share of associates’ earnings                                (5,088)             33,995                23,900           52,807          (1,107)         51,700
                                                                          584,685               229,147                 (1,059)        812,773          (1,107)        811,666
Expenses
 Advisory and business development                                        244,176                21,453                     (2)        265,627                –        265,627
 Operations and support                                                   114,954                88,517                   357          203,828                –        203,828
 Sub-advisory                                                              45,337                 1,285               (28,787)          17,835                –         17,835
                                                                          404,467               111,255               (28,432)         487,290                –        487,290
                                                                          180,218               117,892                27,373          325,483          (1,107)        324,376
Interest expense(2)                                                        25,750                 6,500                     –           32,250               –          32,250
Earnings before income taxes                                              154,468               111,392                27,373          293,233          (1,107)        292,126
Income taxes                                                               43,270                23,134                   914           67,318               –          67,318
                                                                          111,198                88,258                26,459          225,915          (1,107)        224,808
Non-controlling interest                                                        –                (1,423)                    –           (1,423)              –          (1,423)

                                                                   $      111,198 $              86,835 $              26,459          224,492          (1,107)        223,385
Lifeco other items    (1)
                                                                                                                                         (1,107)         1,107                  –
Net earnings available to common shareholders                                                                                     $    223,385 $              – $      223,385

Identifiable assets                                                $ 11,041,278 $ 3,633,123 $ 1,121,040 $ 15,795,441 $                                        – $ 15,795,441
Goodwill                                                                1,346,245            1,290,526                        –       2,636,771               –      2,636,771
Total assets                                                       $ 12,387,523 $ 4,923,649 $ 1,121,040 $ 18,432,212 $                                        – $ 18,432,212
(1) The proportionate share of Lifeco other items is not related to a specific segment and therefore excluded from segment results. This item has been adjusted to
    reconcile Total segment results to the Company’s Consolidated Statements of Earnings.
(2) Interest expense includes interest on long-term debt and interest on leases.




                                                                                                                                                                                     PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.




80 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 FIRST QUARTER REPORT | NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5                                          C  77
Page intentionally left blank.




     C  78                       P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 5
Corporate Information


Power Corporation of Canada
751 Victoria Square                                                161 Bay Street, Suite 5000
Montréal, Quebec, Canada H2Y 2J3                                   Toronto, Ontario, Canada M5J 2S1
514-286-7400                                                       416-607-2250
1-800-890-7440
corporate.secretary@powercorp.com


www.powercorporation.com




This document is also available on the Corporation’s website       TRANSFER AGENT AND REGISTRAR
and on SEDAR+ at www.sedarplus.ca.                                 Computershare Investor Services Inc.

STOCK LISTINGS                                                     Offices in:

Shares of Power Corporation of Canada are listed on the            Montréal, Quebec; Toronto, Ontario;

Toronto Stock Exchange:                                            Vancouver, British Columbia
                                                                   www.investorcentre.com
Subordinate Voting Shares: POW
Participating Preferred Shares: POW.PR.E                           SHAREHOLDER SERVICES
                                                                   Shareholders with questions relating to the payment of
First Preferred Shares, Series A: POW.PR.A
                                                                   dividends, change of address, share certificates, direct registration
First Preferred Shares, Series B: POW.PR.B
                                                                   and estate transfers should contact the Transfer Agent:
First Preferred Shares, Series C: POW.PR.C
First Preferred Shares, Series D: POW.PR.D                         Computershare Investor Services Inc.
First Preferred Shares, Series G: POW.PR.G                         Shareholder Services
                                                                   100 University Avenue, 8th Floor
                                                                   Toronto, Ontario, Canada M5J 2Y1
                                                                   1-800-564-6253 (toll-free in Canada and the U.S.)
                                                                   or 514-982-7555
                                                                   www.computershare.com




                      Power Corporation of Canada is a certified
                      Imagine Canada Caring Company,
                      recognized for leadership and excellence
                      in community investment.




To learn more about the organizations we support, visit
www.PowerCorporationCommunity.com
