Third
Quarter
Report
2024
FOR THE PERIOD ENDED
SEPTEMBER 30, 2024
            Power Corporation of Canada




                                                                                                    PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                TABLE OF CONTENTS




This document contains management’s discussion and analysis of the ﬁnancial
condition, ﬁnancial performance and cash ﬂows of Power Corporation of
Canada (the Corporation) for the three months and nine months ended
September 30, 2024 and the unaudited interim condensed consolidated
financial statements of the Corporation as at and for the three months and
nine months ended September 30, 2024. This document has been ﬁled with
the securities regulatory authorities in each of the provinces and territories
of Canada and is available under the Corporation’s proﬁle on SEDAR+, at
www.sedarplus.ca.




                                                                                                    PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
Power Corporation of Canada
PART A



Great-West Lifeco Inc.
PART B



IGM Financial Inc.
PART C




                                                                                                    PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.




P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4     1
The trademarks contained in this report are owned by Power Corporation of Canada or by a Member of
the Power Corporation Group of Companies®. Trademarks that are not owned by Power Corporation are
used with permission.




     2                                     P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
            Power Corporation of Canada




                                                                                                     PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                   PART A




Management’s Discussion and Analysis
PAGE A 2



Financial Statements and Notes
PAGE A 79




P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4   A  1
                                       POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA


                                       MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND AN ALYSIS




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       Abbreviations used throughout this Management’s Discussion and Analysis (MD&A) are defined in the section “Abbreviations”.

                                       CAU TIONAR Y STATEMENT R EGARDING F OR WAR D-LOOKING S TATEMENTS
                                       Certain statements in this MD&A, other than statements of historical fact, are forward-looking statements based on certain assumptions and reflect the Corporation’s current
                                       expectations, or with respect to disclosure regarding the Corporation’s public subsidiaries, reflect such subsidiaries’ current expectations as disclosed in their respective
                                       MD&A. Forward-looking statements are provided for the purposes of assisting the reader in understanding the Corporation’s financial performance, financial position and
                                       cash flows as at and for the periods ended on certain dates and to present information about management’s current expectations and plans relating to the future, and the
                                       reader is cautioned that such statements may not be appropriate for other purposes. These statements may include, without limitation, statements regarding the operations,
                                       business, financial condition, expected financial results, performance, prospects, opportunities, priorities, targets, goals, ongoing objectives, strategies and outlook of the
                                       Corporation and its subsidiaries including the outlook for North American and international economies for the current fiscal year and subsequent periods, the Corporation’s
                                       NCIB commenced in 2024, statements concerning deferred taxes, impact of the strategic partnership transaction in Power Sustainable Manager, the expectation based on
                                       the Corporation’s assessment of the impact of Global Minimum Tax (GMT or Pillar Two) on adjusted net earnings, management of standalone businesses to realize value
                                       over time, the proposed sale of the Corporation’s interest in Peak and the timing thereof, the fintech strategy, fundraising activities and investment strategies of the
                                       investment platforms, capital commitments by the Power group and third parties, the objective to maintain a minimum level of cash and cash equivalents relative to fixed
                                       charges, GBL’s proposed dividend, GBL’s intent to grow its portfolio and third-party asset management activity, and the Corporation’s subsidiaries’ disclosed expectations,
                                       including in respect of the ongoing obligations resulting from the sale of Putnam to Franklin Templeton. Forward-looking statements include statements that are predictive
                                       in nature, depend upon or refer to future events or conditions, or include words such as “expects”, “anticipates”, “plans”, “believes”, “estimates”, “seeks”, “intends”, “targets”,
                                       “projects”, “forecasts” or negative versions thereof and other similar expressions, or future or conditional verbs such as “may”, “will”, “should”, “would” and “could”.
                                       By its nature, this information is subject to inherent risks and uncertainties that may be general or specific and which give rise to the possibility that expectations, forecasts,
                                       predictions, projections or conclusions will not prove to be accurate, that assumptions may not be correct and that objectives, strategic goals and priorities will not be
                                       achieved. A variety of factors, many of which are beyond the Corporation’s and its subsidiaries’ control, affect the operations, performance and results of the Corporation
                                       and its subsidiaries and their businesses, and could cause actual results to differ materially from current expectations of estimated or anticipated events or results. These
                                       factors include, but are not limited to: the impact or unanticipated impact of general economic, political and market factors in North America and internationally, fluctuations
                                       in interest rates, inflation and foreign exchange rates, monetary policies, business investment and the health of local and global equity and capital markets, management of
                                       market liquidity and funding risks, risks related to investments in private companies and illiquid securities, risks associated with financial instruments, changes in accounting
                                       policies and methods used to report financial condition (including uncertainties associated with significant judgments, estimates and assumptions), the effect of applying
                                       future accounting changes, business competition, operational and reputational risks, technological changes, cybersecurity risks, changes in government regulation and
                                       legislation, changes in tax laws, unexpected judicial or regulatory proceedings, catastrophic events, man-made disasters, terrorist attacks, wars and other conflicts, or an
                                       outbreak of a public health pandemic or other public health crises, the Corporation’s and its subsidiaries’ ability to complete strategic transactions, integrate acquisitions
                                       and implement other growth strategies, the Corporation’s and its subsidiaries’ success in anticipating and managing the foregoing factors, and with respect to forward-
                                       looking statements of the Corporation’s subsidiaries disclosed in this MD&A, the factors identified by such subsidiaries in their respective MD&A.
                                       The reader is cautioned to consider these and other factors, uncertainties and potential events carefully and not to put undue reliance on forward-looking statements.
                                       Information contained in forward-looking statements is based upon certain material assumptions that were applied in drawing a conclusion or making a forecast or
                                       projection, including management’s perceptions of historical trends, current conditions and expected future developments, and that strategic transactions, acquisitions,
                                       divestitures or other growth or optimization strategies will be completed on expected terms, including that any required approvals will be received when and on such terms
                                       as are expected, as well as other considerations that are believed to be appropriate in the circumstances. In arriving at the assessment of the potential exposure to Pillar
                                       Two income taxes for the Corporation and its subsidiaries and the expectation regarding the impact on adjusted net earnings, management has relied on the interpretation
                                       of the relevant legislation by management of the Corporation and its subsidiaries. In estimating the impact on Lifeco, Lifeco management has assumed a starting point of
                                       its current mix of business and adjusted net earnings (defined as base earnings by Lifeco) growth consistent with its adjusted net earnings objectives disclosed in Part B of
                                       this MD&A. Other considerations also include the availability of cash to complete purchases under the NCIB, that the list of risks and uncertainties in the previous paragraph,
                                       collectively, are not expected to have a material impact on the Corporation and its subsidiaries, and with respect to forward-looking statements of the Corporation’s
                                       subsidiaries disclosed in this MD&A, the risks identified by such subsidiaries in their respective MD&A and Annual Information Form most recently filed with the securities
                                       regulatory authorities in Canada and available at www.sedarplus.ca. While the Corporation considers these assumptions to be reasonable based on information currently
                                       available to management, they may prove to be incorrect.
                                       Other than as specifically required by applicable Canadian law, the Corporation undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect events or
                                       circumstances after the date on which such statement is made, or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events, whether as a result of new information, future events or
                                       results, or otherwise.
                                       Additional information about the risks and uncertainties of the Corporation’s business and material factors or assumptions on which information contained in forward‐
                                       looking statements is based is provided in its disclosure materials, including this MD&A and its most recent Annual Information Form, filed with the securities regulatory
                                       authorities in Canada and available at www.sedarplus.ca.

                                       S TATEMENT R EG AR DING NON- IFRS F INANCIAL MEASUR ES AND OTHER MEAS UR ES
                                       This MD&A contains financial measures (including ratios) that do not have a standard meaning under International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS). Terms by which
                                       non-IFRS financial measures are identified include, but are not limited to, “adjusted net earnings from continuing operations (adjusted net earnings)”, “adjusted net earnings
                                       from continuing operations per share (adjusted net earnings per share)”, “adjusted net asset value”, “adjusted net asset value per share”, “consolidated assets and assets
                                       under management”, “consolidated assets and assets under administration” and “fee-related earnings”. Management uses these financial measures in its presentation and
                                       analysis of the financial performance, financial condition and cash flows of Power Corporation, and believes that they provide additional meaningful information to readers
                                       in their analysis of the results of the Corporation. These non-IFRS financial measures may not be comparable to similar measures used by other entities. Refer to the section
                                       “Non-IFRS Financial Measures” in this MD&A for the appropriate reconciliations of these non-IFRS financial measures to measures prescribed by IFRS as well as additional
                                       details on each measure. Reconciliations of the adjusted net asset value and the holding company balance sheet are also included in the section “Adjusted Net Asset Value”.
                                       Adjusted net earnings from continuing operations (or adjusted net earnings) represents net earnings from continuing operations excluding Adjustments. Effective the first
                                       quarter of 2024, the Corporation modified the definition of adjusted net earnings, a non-IFRS earnings measure, to better reflect the underlying performance of the
                                       Corporation. The definition of Adjustments, used to calculate adjusted net earnings, was modified to include the impact of the revaluation of non-controlling interests
                                       liabilities related to PSEIP which result from changes in fair value of assets held within the fund, and the share of earnings (losses) from the consolidated activities of PSEIP
                                       attributable to third-party investors. The comparative periods have been restated to reflect this change.
                                       Global Minimum Tax legislation was enacted in Canada on June 20, 2024 and applied retroactively to January 1, 2024. As a result, in the second quarter of 2024, the impact
                                       of the GMT including the retroactive amount related to the first quarter was recognized in net earnings. The comparative results for adjusted net earnings and Adjustments
                                       for the first quarter of 2024 are presented on a pro forma basis to reflect the related first quarter impact as if the legislation had been enacted in the first quarter of 2024.
                                       Refer to the section “Tax Risk” in this MD&A.
                                       This MD&A also includes other measures used to discuss activities of the Corporation, its consolidated publicly traded operating companies and alternative asset investment
                                       platforms including, but not limited to, “assets under management”, “assets under administration”, “assets under management and advisement”, “assets under management
                                       and advisement including strategic investments”, “book value per participating share”, “carried interest”, “fee-bearing capital”, “market capitalization”, “net asset value”, “net
                                       carried interest”, “unfunded commitments” and “weighted average management fee rate”. As well, the presentation of the holding company is used to present and analyze
                                       the financial position and cash flows of Power Corporation as a holding company. Refer to the section “Other Measures” in this MD&A for a definition of each measure.




                                             A  2                                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


NOVEMBER 12, 2024
ALL TABULAR AMOUNTS ARE IN MILLIONS OF CANADIAN DOLLARS, UNLESS OTHERWISE NOTED.




                                                                                                                                 PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
The following MD&A of Power Corporation of Canada (Power Corporation or the Corporation) (TSX: POW; POW.PR.E), a
public corporation, is for the three-month and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2024. This MD&A should be read
in conjunction with the unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements of Power Corporation and notes
thereto for the three-month and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2024 (the Interim Consolidated Financial
Statements), the MD&A for the year ended December 31, 2023 (the 2023 Annual MD&A), and the audited consolidated
financial statements and notes thereto for the year ended December 31, 2023 (the 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements).
Additional information relating to Power Corporation, including its Annual Information Form, may be found on the
Corporation’s website at www.powercorporation.com and on SEDAR+ at www.sedarplus.ca.

ORGANIZATION OF THE INTERIM MD&A
The Corporation’s MD&A consists of three parts:
  Part A – Power Corporation, presented on a consolidated basis, and including a discussion of the contribution to the
    holding company from Lifeco, IGM, GBL, and its alternative asset investment platforms and other investments;
  Part B – Lifeco’s interim MD&A, as prepared and disclosed by Lifeco in accordance with applicable securities legislation,
    which is also available either directly from SEDAR+ (www.sedarplus.ca) or from Lifeco’s website (www.greatwestlifeco.com);
  Part C – IGM’s interim MD&A, as prepared and disclosed by IGM in accordance with applicable securities legislation,
    which is also available either directly from SEDAR+ (www.sedarplus.ca) or from IGM’s website (www.igmfinancial.com).
Lifeco (TSX: GWO) and IGM (TSX: IGM) are public companies listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange. GBL is a public
company listed on the Brussels Stock Exchange (EBR: GBLB). Market capitalizations reported in the following sections are at
September 30, 2024 (refer to the section “Other Measures”).




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4   A  3
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       TABLE OF CON TEN TS




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       About the Corporation                                                                 Liquidity, Capital and Risk Management
                                       5    Power Corporation of Canada                                     5                59     Cash Flows                                                59

                                       6    Group Structure                                                 6                62     Capital Management                                        62

                                       10   Table of Holdings                                               10               64     Risk Management                                           64

                                       11   Financial Highlights                                            11               65     Financial Instruments and Other Instruments               65

                                                                                                                             66     Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements                            66
                                       Consolidated Operating Results                                                        66     Contingent Liabilities                                    66

                                       13   Results of Power Corporation                                    13               66     Commitments and Contractual Obligations                   66

                                       14   Consolidated Statements of Earnings in Accordance with IFRS 14

                                       16   Contribution to Net Earnings and Adjusted Net Earnings          16               Accounting Policies
                                                                                                                             66     Summary of Critical Accounting Estimates and Judgments    66
                                       Review of Segments and Operating Results                                              66     Changes in Accounting Policies                            66

                                       19   Lifeco                                                          19               67     Future Accounting Changes                                 67

                                       27   IGM Financial                                                   27

                                       33   GBL                                                             33

                                       Other Components                                                                      Other
                                       37   Sagard and Power Sustainable                                    37               67     Transactions with Related Parties                         67

                                       49   Other                                                           49               68     Internal Control over Financial Reporting                 68

                                                                                                                             68     Power Financial Corporation                               68

                                       Financial Position                                                                    69     Non-IFRS Financial Measures                               69

                                       52   Consolidated Balance Sheets                                     52               71     Reconciliations of IFRS and Non-IFRS Financial Measures   71

                                       54   Holding Company Balance Sheets                                  54               75     Other Measures                                            75

                                       57   Adjusted Net Asset Value                                        57               78     Summary of Quarterly Results                              78




                                            A  4                                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA




                                                                                                                                   PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
OVERVIEW
Incorporated in 1925, Power Corporation (TSX: POW; POW.PR.E) is an international management and holding company that
focuses on financial services in North America, Europe and Asia. Its core holdings are leading insurance, retirement, wealth
management and investment businesses, including a portfolio of alternative asset investment platforms. Through Power
Financial, it holds a controlling interest in Lifeco and IGM and has an active fintech strategy. It also holds, jointly with the
Frère Group of Belgium, a controlling interest in GBL.
Power Corporation conducts its investment activities, built upon a network of deep and long-standing relationships, to
provide superior returns. Investment activities include investments in alternative asset managers, Sagard and Power
Sustainable, investment funds, and interests in China resulting from more than 40 years of engagement. The Corporation aims
to act as an owner with a long-term perspective and a strategic vision anchored in strong core values.
Power Corporation adheres to four overriding investing principles to pursue its objective of achieving sustainable long-term
value creation in the best interests of the Corporation:
  Long-term perspective;
  Leading franchises with attractive growth profiles;
  Strong governance oversight; and
  Prudent approach to risk management.

VALUE CREATION STRATEGY
Power Corporation’s value creation strategy is focused on financial services, designed to generate long-term sustainable
growth in earnings and dividends, and is based upon three key levers:
  Operating company organic levers: organic growth strategies at the publicly traded operating companies;
  Operating company inorganic levers: deployment and redeployment of capital; and
  Holding company levers: actions that can be taken at the Corporation and between the Corporation and its publicly
    traded operating companies and investments.
Power Corporation, through its alternative asset investment platforms, continues to develop its alternative asset management
businesses which build upon the investment capabilities that have been created over many years in several high-growth asset
classes. The alternative asset investment platforms are focused on growing their asset management businesses through
raising third-party capital and the Corporation intends to continue to provide proprietary capital to the different investment
products managed by each.
The Corporation also has significant influence and controlling interests in standalone businesses managed to create and
realize value over time.




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4   A  5
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       GROUP STRUCTURE
                                       The following chart reflects the economic interests held by the Corporation at September 30, 2024, which include the
                                       operating subsidiaries (Lifeco and IGM) and its interest in GBL, held through Power Financial, and interests held through the




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       Corporation’s alternative asset investment platforms.




                                         In bold: Publicly listed holdings
                                         [1] Lifeco, through Canada Life, holds a 3.9% interest in IGM, and IGM holds a 2.4% interest in Lifeco.
                                         [2] Represents a 49.9% non-controlling voting interest. The interest in Northleaf is held through an acquisition vehicle in which IGM holds an 80% equity interest
                                             and Lifeco holds a 20% equity interest.
                                         [3] Held through Parjointco, a jointly controlled corporation (50%). Parjointco has a 47.0% voting interest in GBL. Refer to the section “GBL” for a list of investments.
                                         [4] Includes a controlling interest in Portage Ventures I, Portage Ventures II, Portage Ventures III and Wealthsimple, held through Power Financial, Lifeco and IGM.
                                         [5] Refer to the section “Sagard and Power Sustainable” for a list of investments held by each investment platform.
                                         [6] The Corporation holds a 51.9% interest in SHMI and a 74.7% interest in PSM. Refer to the section “Sagard and Power Sustainable”.




                                           A  6                                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


As a holding company, the Corporation uses adjusted net asset value [1], which presents the fair value of the participating
shareholders’ equity of the holding company, to assess the value, composition and size of its investment holdings. The charts
below present the composition and relative size of investment holdings within the Power group of companies, as well as show




                                                                                                                                                                         PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
the composition of the assets included in the adjusted net asset value and the holding company balance sheet, which are
discussed in detail later in this MD&A.


                                                         TOTAL HOLDING COMPANY ASSETS

                  IN ADJUSTED NET ASSET VALUE                                                                IN HOLDING COMPANY BALANCE SHEET




[1] Adjusted net asset value is a non-IFRS financial measure. Refer to the sections “Adjusted Net Asset Value” and “Non-IFRS Financial Measures”.
[2] Includes fintech investments held by the Corporation including investments in Portage Ventures I, Portage Ventures II, Portage Ventures III and Wealthsimple, held
    through Power Financial.
[3] Includes the Corporation’s investments in standalone businesses, cash and cash equivalents, and other assets and investments held by the holding company.




                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                              A  7
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       Publicly Traded Operating Companies
                                       The Corporation holds controlling interests, through Power Financial, in Lifeco and IGM. It also has significant holdings in a




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       portfolio of European-based global companies through its investment in GBL.

                                       LIF ECO
                                       Great-West Lifeco Inc. (TSX: GWO), market capitalization of $42.9 billion (refer to the section “Other Measures”) at
                                       September 30, 2024, is an international financial services holding company with interests in life insurance, health insurance,
                                       retirement and investment services, asset management and reinsurance businesses. Lifeco operates primarily in Canada, the
                                       United States (U.S.) and Europe under the brands Canada Life, Empower and Irish Life.
                                       At September 30, 2024, Power Financial and IGM held interests of 68.2% and 2.4%, respectively, in Lifeco’s common shares,
                                       representing approximately 65% of the voting rights attached to all outstanding Lifeco voting shares. The Insurance
                                       Companies Act limits voting rights in life insurance companies to 65%.

                                       IG M FINANCIAL
                                       IGM Financial Inc. (TSX: IGM), market capitalization of $9.6 billion at September 30, 2024, is a leading wealth and asset
                                       management company supporting advisors and the clients they serve in Canada, and institutional investors globally. IGM’s
                                       principal operating subsidiaries are wealth manager IG Wealth Management and asset manager Mackenzie Investments. IGM
                                       also holds a number of strategic investments that provide benefits to its operating subsidiaries while furthering IGM’s growth
                                       prospects.
                                       At September 30, 2024, Power Financial and Canada Life, a subsidiary of Lifeco, held interests of 62.5% and 3.9%,
                                       respectively, in IGM’s common shares.

                                       GBL
                                       Power Financial Europe SA, a wholly owned subsidiary of Power Financial, and the Frère Group each hold a 50% interest in
                                       Parjointco. At September 30, 2024, Parjointco held a 32.9% indirect (47.0% of the voting rights) controlling interest in GBL, a
                                       Belgian holding company listed on the Brussels Stock Exchange.
                                       GBL (EBR: GBLB), market capitalization of €9.7 billion at September 30, 2024, is an established investment holding company.
                                       As a leading and active investor in Europe, GBL is focused on long-term value creation with the support of a stable family
                                       shareholder base and considers environmental, social and governance (ESG) factors as being inextricably linked to value
                                       creation. GBL aims to grow its diversified high-quality portfolio of listed, private and alternative investments. GBL Capital
                                       conducts the group’s alternative assets activity which provides additional sources of diversification to GBL’s portfolio. In
                                       addition, GBL is developing its third-party asset management activity through Sienna Investment Managers.

                                       Alternative Asset Investment Platforms
                                       Power Corporation continues to develop alternative asset investment platforms (investment platforms) that manage portfolios
                                       in several alternative asset classes principally in North America and Europe. The alternative asset investment platforms offer
                                       alternative strategies to traditional long-term investment strategies. Traditional long-term investment strategies generally
                                       invest in publicly traded shares and fixed income investments, whereas the alternative asset strategies include venture capital,
                                       private equity, private credit as well as real estate and infrastructure. At September 30, 2024, the alternative asset investment
                                       platforms had $40.1 billion of assets under management, including unfunded commitments (refer to the section “Other
                                       Measures”).

                                       S AG AR D
                                       Sagard is a multi-strategy alternative asset management firm with professionals principally located in Canada, the U.S., Europe
                                       and the Middle East. Sagard has active strategies in venture capital, private equity, private credit and real estate. Sagard also
                                       engages in private wealth management and holds strategic interests in other alternative asset management businesses.
                                       Sagard seeks to generate attractive returns by matching investment opportunities with flexible capital solutions and pairing
                                       entrepreneurs with teams that have deep industry knowledge. Sagard develops long-term partnerships and empowers the
                                       growth of its investments through a unique global network of portfolio companies, limited partners, advisors and other valued
                                       relationships. At September 30, 2024, Sagard had $36.2 billion of assets under management, including unfunded
                                       commitments.
                                       The alternative investment management business of Sagard is consolidated under Sagard Holdings Management Inc. (SHMI).
                                       The Corporation, through Sagard, held a 51.9% controlling interest in SHMI at September 30, 2024 (53.5% at December 31, 2023).




                                           A  8                                     P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


POWER S US TAINABLE
Power Sustainable is a sustainability-focused investment manager with offices in Canada and the U.S. Power Sustainable
finances companies and projects aiming for both competitive returns and positive sustainability outcomes, and offers




                                                                                                                                  PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
institutional investors exposure to alternative assets which aim to accelerate and scale sustainable solutions across multiple
industries. Power Sustainable invests in companies and projects that contribute to decarbonization, social progress and
quality growth, which are priorities shared by its global network of clients, asset owners, partners and employees. Power
Sustainable is currently comprised of three strategies: Power Sustainable Energy Infrastructure, Power Sustainable
Infrastructure Credit and Power Sustainable Lios (agri-food). At September 30, 2024, Power Sustainable had $4.0 billion of
assets under management, including unfunded commitments.
The management business of Power Sustainable is consolidated under Power Sustainable Manager (PSM). The Corporation,
through Power Sustainable, held a 74.7% controlling interest in PSM at September 30, 2024 (100.0% at December 31, 2023).

Standalone Businesses
Standalone businesses includes the Corporation’s equity investments in standalone businesses which are managed to create
and realize value over time. The standalone businesses include the Corporation’s interest in Peak and Lion Electric, as well as
a controlling interest in LMPG.
On September 30, 2024, Peak announced that Fairfax Financial Holdings Limited (Fairfax) will acquire Sagard’s 42.6% interest
in Peak. The transaction is expected to close in the fourth quarter of 2024, subject to customary closing conditions. Refer to
the section “Standalone Businesses”.




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4   A  9
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       TABLE OF HOLDINGS
                                       At September 30, 2024, the Corporation’s main holdings were as follows:




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                % economic
                                       Holdings                                                     interest       Nature of investment                 Accounting method
                                                                                       [1]
                                       Publicly traded operating companies
                                         Lifeco [2]                                                     68.2       Controlling interest                 Consolidation
                                                [3]
                                         IGM                                                            62.5       Controlling interest                 Consolidation
                                         GBL [4]                                                        16.5       Joint control                        Equity method
                                       Alternative asset investment platforms
                                         Sagard
                                           SHMI [5]                                                     51.9       Controlling interest                 Consolidation
                                                PEM [6]                                                 38.0       Controlling interest                 Consolidation
                                                HalseyPoint                                             40.0       Joint control                        Equity method
                                           Wealthsimple [1][7]                                          14.0       Controlling interest                 Consolidation
                                                                    [1][8]
                                           Portage Ventures I                                           63.0       Controlling interest                 Consolidation
                                           Portage Ventures II [1][9]                                   12.4       Controlling interest                 Consolidation
                                                                      [10]
                                           Portage Ventures III                                          2.4       Controlling interest                 Consolidation
                                           Portage Capital Solutions [11]                               31.5       Controlling interest                 Consolidation
                                                             [12]
                                           Sagard Funds                                              various       Investment                           Fair value through profit or loss
                                         Power Sustainable
                                           Power Sustainable Manager [13]                               74.7       Controlling interest                 Consolidation
                                           Power Sustainable Energy
                                            Infrastructure Partnership [14]                             36.3       Controlling interest                 Consolidation
                                           Potentia                                                   100.0        Controlling interest                 Consolidation
                                           Nautilus                                                   100.0        Controlling interest                 Consolidation
                                       Standalone businesses
                                         Peak                                                           42.6       Joint control                        Equity method
                                         LMPG                                                           49.6       Controlling interest                 Consolidation
                                         Lion                                                           34.1       Significant influence                Equity method

                                       [1] Investments held by the Corporation through Power Financial.
                                       [2] IGM also holds a 2.4% interest in Lifeco.
                                       [3] Canada Life also holds a 3.9% interest in IGM.
                                       [4] Held through Parjointco, a jointly controlled corporation (50%). Parjointco holds a controlling interest in GBL.
                                       [5] At September 30, 2024, management of Sagard held a 15.0% interest in SHMI. Lifeco also held a 12.9% interest in SHMI. During the second quarter of 2024, management
                                           of Sagard made an investment in SHMI and acquired an interest of 2.7%. SHMI also has a long-term incentive program pursuant to which certain key members of
                                           management have received, or will receive in the future, compensation in the form of equity of SHMI vesting over a 5-year period.
                                       [6] The Corporation, through Sagard, currently has an exercisable option to buy an additional 13.0% equity interest in PEM.
                                       [7] Portage Ventures I and IGM also hold interests of 10.5% and 30.6%, respectively, in Wealthsimple (see also the section “Wealthsimple” in the section “Sagard and Power
                                           Sustainable”).
                                       [8] Lifeco and IGM also hold equal interests of 18.5% in Portage Ventures I.
                                       [9] Power Financial holds a 7.7% interest, Sagard holds a 4.7% interest, and Lifeco and IGM also hold equal interests of 7.7% in Portage Ventures II.
                                       [10] Lifeco and IGM also hold interests of 9.0% and 4.0%, respectively, in Portage Ventures III.
                                       [11] Lifeco also holds a 30.1% interest in Portage Capital Solutions.
                                       [12] The Corporation holds a non-controlling interest in various funds managed by SHMI. Lifeco also holds an investment in certain of these funds. Refer to the section “Asset
                                            Management Activities” in the section “Sagard and Power Sustainable” for a list of investments and the respective holdings.
                                       [13] At September 30, 2024, management of Power Sustainable held a 4.5% interest in PSM. Lifeco also held an interest of 20.8%. PSM also has a long-term incentive program
                                            pursuant to which certain key members of management may receive, in the future, compensation in the form of equity of PSM vesting over a 5-year period.
                                       [14] Lifeco also holds a 14.4% interest in PSEIP.




                                             A  10                                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS




                                                                                                                                                                                           PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
SELECTED FINANCIAL INFORMATION
                                                                                                                                     Three months ended               Nine months ended
                                                                                                     September 30,            June 30,     September 30,   September 30,   September 30,
(in millions of dollars; except per share and as otherwise noted)                                           2024                 2024             2023            2024            2023

Net earnings [1]                                                                                              371                   730             975           1,810           1,789
Net earnings from continuing operations [1]                                                                   371                   730             997           1,859           1,873
                                                                     [1][2]
Adjusted net earnings from continuing operations                                                              542                   761           1,006           2,006           2,436

Per share – basic [1]:
   Net earnings                                                                                               0.58                  1.12           1.47            2.79            2.69
   Net earnings from continuing operations                                                                    0.58                  1.12           1.50            2.87            2.82
   Adjusted net earnings from continuing operations [3]                                                       0.84                  1.17           1.52            3.09            3.66


Dividend declared (per participating share)                                                                0.5625             0.5625             0.5250          1.6875          1.5750
                    [4]
Dividend yield                                                                                               5.3%                   5.9%           6.1%


Total consolidated assets (in billions)                                                                       823                   791             715
                                                                               [5]
Total consolidated assets and assets under management                                (in billions)          1,270               1,215             1,246
Total consolidated assets and assets under administration [5] (in billions)                                 3,420               3,221             2,893


Adjusted net asset value [1][5]                                                                            37,435             32,746             31,801
Participating shareholders’ equity                                                                         21,977             21,749             21,348

Per share [1]:
   Adjusted net asset value [3]                                                                             57.92               50.48             48.26
   Book value [6]                                                                                           34.00               33.53             32.40

Market capitalization [7]                                                                                  27,573             24,664             22,785

Share price (Subordinate Voting Shares)
   Ending                                                                                                   42.66               38.02             34.58           42.66           34.58
   High                                                                                                     43.53               40.59             38.98           43.53           38.98
   Low                                                                                                      36.08               35.83             34.48           35.83           32.00

Number of participating shares outstanding
   End of period                                                                                            646.3               648.7             658.9           646.3           658.9
   Average                                                                                                  647.1               649.4             660.4           649.0           664.3

[1] Attributable to participating shareholders.
[2] Non-IFRS financial measure. Effective the first quarter of 2024, the Corporation modified the definition of adjusted net earnings. Refer to the section “Non-IFRS Financial
    Measures”. The comparative periods have been restated to reflect this change.
[3] Non-IFRS ratio. Refer to the section “Non-IFRS Financial Measures”.
[4] Dividend yield is calculated as the annualized dividend per participating share based on the dividend declared during the reporting period divided by the share price of a
    Subordinate Voting Share at the end of the reporting period.
[5] Non-IFRS financial measure. Refer to the section “Non-IFRS Financial Measures”.
[6] Refer to the section “Other measures”.
[7] Represents the closing price of a Subordinate Voting Share at the end of the reporting period multiplied by the aggregate of Subordinate Voting Shares and Participating
    Preferred Shares outstanding.




                                      P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                            A  11
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       SUMMARY OF THE CONTRIBUTIONS TO POWER CORPORATION’S EARNINGS FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS
                                                                                                                                                                     Three months ended                      Nine months ended




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                                                    September 30,              June 30,     September 30,         September 30,   September 30,
                                                                                                                                           2024                   2024             2023                  2024            2023

                                       Lifeco [1]                                                                                               724                 708                 649              2,098           1,838
                                             [1]
                                       IGM                                                                                                      153                 137                 137                430             397
                                       GBL [1]                                                                                                   (62)                21                 315                 13             424
                                                                   [2]
                                       Effect of consolidation                                                                                   (31)               (13)                  (4)              (59)            (11)
                                       Publicly traded operating companies                                                                      784                 853              1,097               2,482           2,648


                                       Sagard and Power Sustainable                                                                              (40)                  −                 (13)              (68)            (56)
                                                                    [3]
                                       Standalone businesses                                                                                   (107)                  (5)                  2              (144)              5
                                                                                                                                                637                 848              1,086               2,270           2,597
                                       Corporate operations and Other [3][4]                                                                     (95)               (87)                 (80)             (264)           (161)
                                                                   [5][6]
                                       Adjusted net earnings                                                                                    542                761               1,006               2,006           2,436
                                       Adjustments [7]                                                                                         (171)                (31)                  (9)             (147)           (563)
                                                       [5]
                                       Net earnings                                                                                             371                730                 997               1,859           1,873
                                       [1] Contribution based on earnings reported by Lifeco, IGM and GBL.
                                       [2] Refer to the detailed table in the section “Results of Power Corporation”.
                                       [3] In the third quarter of 2024, the Corporation modified its presentation; the contribution to net earnings and adjusted net earnings from Standalone businesses has been
                                           presented separately, and the contribution from the Corporation’s other investment activities, including ChinaAMC (sold to IGM in January 2023), has been presented
                                           within Corporate operations and Other. The comparatives have been reclassified to conform with the current presentation.
                                       [4] Includes the contribution to adjusted net earnings from the Corporation’s investments held in private investment funds, ChinaAMC (sold to IGM in January 2023), as well
                                           as corporate operations, which includes operating expenses, financing charges, depreciation, income taxes, and dividends on non-participating and perpetual preferred
                                           shares. Refer to the section “Corporate operations and Other“ below.
                                       [5] Attributable to participating shareholders.
                                       [6] Non-IFRS financial measure. Effective the first quarter of 2024, the Corporation modified the definition of adjusted net earnings. Refer to the section “Non-IFRS Financial
                                           Measures”. The comparative periods have been restated to reflect this change.
                                       [7] Refer to the detailed table of Adjustments in the section “Review of Segments and Operating Results”.




                                             A  12                                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


RESULTS OF POWER CORPORATION




                                                                                                                                  PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
This section presents:
  The “Consolidated Statements of Earnings in Accordance with IFRS”; and
  The contributions to Power Corporation of its operating subsidiaries (Lifeco and IGM) and GBL, which are held through
    Power Financial, the contribution of the Corporation’s alternative asset investment platforms and standalone businesses,
    as well as the contribution from the corporate operations and other to the net earnings and adjusted net earnings of
    Power Corporation. A discussion of the contributions of each of the reportable segments and other components follows
    in the section “Review of Segments and Operating Results”.
Adjusted net earnings is a non-IFRS financial measure. Refer to the section “Non-IFRS Financial Measures” for a description
and reconciliation of IFRS and non-IFRS financial measures.

BASIS OF PRESENTATION
IFRS Financial Measures and Presentation
The Interim Consolidated Financial Statements of the Corporation have been prepared in accordance with International
Accounting Standard 34 – Interim Financial Reporting (IAS 34) and are presented in Canadian dollars.
The financial statements of the Corporation include the consolidated results of Power Financial which include the results of
Lifeco, IGM, Wealthsimple and the Portage Ventures I, Portage Ventures II and Portage Ventures III funds, which are controlled
by Power Financial. Power Financial’s investment in GBL is held through Parjointco. Parjointco is a holding company jointly
controlled by Power Financial and the Frère Group, and is accounted for using the equity method.
The investment platforms manage and operate alternative asset investment funds in which third-party investors, the
Corporation and associated companies can participate. The Corporation controls a fund when it is exposed, or has rights, to
variable returns from its involvement with the fund and has the ability to affect those returns through its power to direct the
relevant activities of the fund.

Presentation of the Holding Company
The Corporation’s reportable segments include Lifeco, IGM Financial and GBL, which represent the Corporation’s investments
in publicly traded operating companies, as well as the holding company. These reportable segments, in addition to the asset
management activities, reflect Power Corporation’s management structure and internal financial reporting. The Corporation
evaluates its performance based on the operating segment’s contribution to earnings.
The holding company comprises the corporate activities of the Corporation and Power Financial, on a combined basis, and
presents the investment activities of the Corporation. The investment activities of the holding company, including the
investments in Lifeco, IGM and controlled entities within the alternative asset investment platforms, are presented using the
equity method. The holding company activities present the holding company’s assets and liabilities, including cash,
investments, debentures and non-participating shares. The discussions included in the sections “Financial Position” and “Cash
Flows” present the segmented balance sheets and cash flow statements of the holding company, which are presented in Note 20
of the Interim Consolidated Financial Statements, and reconciliations of these statements are provided throughout this MD&A.




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4   A  13
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EARNINGS IN ACCORDANCE WITH IFRS
                                       Power Corporation’s consolidated statements of earnings for the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2024
                                       are presented below. The Corporation’s reportable segments include Lifeco, IGM and GBL, as well as the holding company.




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       These tables reflect the contributions to the net earnings attributable to Power Corporation’s participating shareholders from
                                       its reportable segments and Sagard and Power Sustainable, the Corporation’s alternative asset investment platforms, which
                                       include controlled and consolidated investment funds and investments, and the Corporation’s standalone businesses.
                                       Consolidated Net Earnings – Three months ended
                                                                                                                               Alternative Asset
                                                                                                                                     Investment
                                                                                                                       Holding    Platforms and                 Effect of                     Power Corporation
                                                                                    Lifeco      IGM         GBL       company            Other [1]       consolidation [2]                 Consolidated net earnings
                                                                                                                                                                              September 30,           June 30,   September 30,
                                                                                                                                                                                     2024                2024           2023

                                       Insurance service result
                                         Insurance revenue                         5,292           −           −              −                     −                   −              5,292            5,273           5,110
                                         Insurance service expenses                (4,099)         −           −              −                     −                   −             (4,099)          (4,057)         (3,921)
                                         Net expense from reinsurance
                                          contracts                                  (413)         −           −              −                     −                   −                (413)           (385)           (401)
                                       Total insurance service result                780           −           −              −                     −                   −                 780             831             788
                                       Net investment result
                                         Net investment income (loss) [3]          9,147           9           −               5                 153                   (5)             9,309            1,700          (3,023)
                                         Net investment result from
                                          insurance activities [4]                 (8,757)         −           −              −                     −                   −             (8,757)            (896)          3,836
                                       Total net investment result                   390           9           −               5                 153                   (5)                552             804             813
                                       Fee income and other revenues               1,806        870            −              −                  321                 (58)              2,939            2,935           2,569
                                       Operating and administrative
                                        expenses                                   (1,865)     (592)           −            (38)                (718)                 58              (3,155)          (2,907)         (2,654)
                                       Financing charges                              (98)       (33)          −            (14)                 (55)                  (2)               (202)           (202)           (202)
                                       Earnings before investments in
                                        jointly controlled corporations
                                        and associates, and
                                        income taxes                               1,013        254            −            (47)                (299)                  (7)                914           1,461           1,314
                                       Share of earnings (losses) of
                                        investments in jointly
                                        controlled corporations and
                                        associates                                      8        57          (62)             −                     6                (31)                 (22)             73             327
                                       Earnings before income taxes                1,021        311          (62)           (47)                (293)                (38)                 892           1,534           1,641
                                       Income tax expense (recovery)                 131         71            −              −                    (5)                 (4)                193             305             198
                                       Net earnings – continuing
                                        operations                                   890        240          (62)           (47)                (288)                (34)                 699           1,229           1,443
                                       Net loss – discontinued
                                        operations                                      −          −           −              −                     −                   −                    −              −             (31)
                                       Net gain – disposal of
                                        discontinued operations                         −          −           −              −                     −                   −                    −              −               −
                                       Net earnings                                  890        240          (62)           (47)                (288)                (34)                 699           1,229           1,412
                                       Attributable to
                                         Non-controlling interests                   323        107            −             35                 (116)                (34)                 315             486             424
                                         Non-participating shareholders                 −          −           −             13                     −                   −                  13              13              13
                                         Participating shareholders of
                                          Power Corporation [2]                      567        133          (62)           (95)                (172)                   −                 371             730             975
                                                                                     890        240          (62)           (47)                (288)                (34)                 699           1,229           1,412
                                       [1] Alternative Asset Investment Platforms and Other is comprised of the Corporation’s alternative asset investment platforms, which include consolidated investment funds,
                                           as well as the investment activities held through Power Financial including Portage Ventures I, Portage Ventures II and Wealthsimple, and the Corporation’s standalone
                                           businesses.
                                       [2] The results presented for Lifeco and IGM are as reported by each. The Effect of consolidation includes the elimination of intercompany transactions and the application
                                           of the Corporation’s accounting method for investments under common control. The contribution from Lifeco, IGM, GBL and Alternative Asset Investment Platforms and
                                           Other to net earnings attributable to participating shareholders of the Corporation includes the effect of consolidation, and represents the contribution to the holding
                                           company.
                                       [3] Includes net investment income and changes in fair value through profit or loss included in the net investment result on the consolidated statements of earnings.
                                       [4] Includes net finance income (expenses) from insurance contracts, net finance income (expenses) from reinsurance contracts and changes in investment contract liabilities.




                                             A  14                                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


Consolidated Net Earnings – Nine months ended
                                                                                                           Alternative Asset
                                                                                                                 Investment




                                                                                                                                                                                          PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                             Holding          Platforms and             Effect of          Power Corporation
                                                      Lifeco          IGM          GBL      company                  Other [1]   consolidation [2]      Consolidated net earnings
                                                                                                                                                     September 30,     September 30,
                                                                                                                                                            2024              2023

Insurance service result
  Insurance revenue                                 15,815              −             −              −                      −                   −          15,815             15,228
  Insurance service expenses                       (12,223)             −             −              −                      −                   −         (12,223)           (11,879)
  Net expense from reinsurance
   contracts                                         (1,184)            −             −              −                      −                   −          (1,184)            (1,158)
Total insurance service result                        2,408             −             −              −                      −                   −           2,408              2,191
Net investment result
  Net investment income (loss) [3]                  11,619             35             −             47                   497                   (6)         12,192              2,261
  Net investment result from
   insurance activities [4]                          (9,848)            −             −              −                      −                   −          (9,848)              (612)
Total net investment result                           1,771            35             −             47                   497                   (6)          2,344              1,649
Fee income and other revenues                         5,272        2,530              −              −                   945                (144)           8,603              7,566
Operating and administrative
 expenses                                            (5,595)      (1,744)             −          (126)                (1,631)                134           (8,962)            (8,116)
Financing charges                                      (299)          (97)            −            (41)                 (160)                  (8)           (605)              (579)
Earnings before investments in jointly
 controlled corporations and
 associates, and income taxes                         3,557           724             −          (120)                  (349)                (24)           3,788              2,711
Share of earnings (losses) of
 investments in jointly controlled
 corporations and associates                             36           160            13              −                    14                (108)             115                   608
Earnings before income taxes                          3,593           884            13          (120)                  (335)               (132)           3,903              3,319
Income tax expense (recovery)                           529           202             −              −                   (12)                 13              732                   406
Net earnings – continuing operations                  3,064           682            13          (120)                  (323)               (145)           3,171              2,913
Net loss – discontinued operations                     (115)            −             −              −                      −                   −            (115)              (121)
Net gain – disposal of discontinued
 operations                                              44             −             −              −                      −                   −              44                    −
Net earnings                                          2,993           682            13          (120)                  (323)               (145)           3,100              2,792

Attributable to
  Non-controlling interests                           1,115           280             −           105                   (104)               (145)           1,251                   964
  Non-participating shareholders                           −            −             −             39                      −                   −              39                   39
  Participating shareholders of
   Power Corporation [2]                              1,878           402            13          (264)                  (219)                   −           1,810              1,789
                                                      2,993           682            13          (120)                  (323)               (145)           3,100              2,792
[1] Alternative Asset Investment Platforms and Other is comprised of the Corporation’s alternative asset investment platforms, which include consolidated investment funds,
    as well as the investment activities held through Power Financial including Portage Ventures I, Portage Ventures II and Wealthsimple, and the Corporation’s standalone
    businesses.
[2] The results presented for Lifeco and IGM are as reported by each. The Effect of consolidation includes the elimination of intercompany transactions and the application
    of the Corporation’s accounting method for investments under common control. The contribution from Lifeco, IGM, GBL and Alternative Asset Investment Platforms and
    Other to net earnings attributable to participating shareholders of the Corporation includes the effect of consolidation, and represents the contribution to the holding
    company.
[3] Includes net investment income and changes in fair value through profit or loss included in the net investment result on the consolidated statements of earnings.
[4] Includes net finance income (expenses) from insurance contracts, net finance income (expenses) from reinsurance contracts and changes in investment contract liabilities.


As a holding company, the Corporation evaluates the performance of each segment based on its contribution to net earnings
and adjusted net earnings attributable to participating shareholders. A discussion of the results of Lifeco, IGM and GBL is
provided in the section “Review of Segments and Operating Results” below.




                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                            A  15
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       CONTRIBUTION TO NET EARNINGS AND ADJUSTED NET EARNINGS
                                       This section details the contribution to the net earnings and adjusted net earnings attributable to Power Corporation’s
                                       participating shareholders from Lifeco, IGM, GBL and Sagard and Power Sustainable, the Corporation’s alternative asset




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       investment platforms, which include the contribution from controlled and consolidated investments, standalone businesses,
                                       and the corporate operations and other.
                                                                                                                                                                    Three months ended                       Nine months ended
                                                                                                                                 September 30,               June 30,      September 30,          September 30,    September 30,
                                                                                                                                        2024                    2024              2023                   2024             2023

                                       Adjusted net earnings from continuing operations [1]
                                       Lifeco [2]                                                                                            724                  708                 649                2,098            1,838
                                       IGM [2]                                                                                               153                  137                 137                  430              397
                                             [2]
                                       GBL                                                                                                    (62)                 21                 315                   13              424
                                       Effect of consolidation [3]                                                                            (31)                 (13)                  (4)               (59)             (11)
                                                                                                                                             784                  853               1,097                2,482            2,648
                                       Sagard and Power Sustainable                                                                           (40)                   −                 (13)                (68)             (56)
                                       Standalone businesses [4]                                                                            (107)                   (5)                   2               (144)               5
                                       Corporate operations and Other [4][5]                                                                  (95)                 (87)                (80)               (264)            (161)
                                                                                                                                             542                 761                1,006                2,006            2,436
                                       Adjustments [6]
                                       Lifeco [2]                                                                                           (138)                  (22)                (10)               (124)            (394)
                                             [2]
                                       IGM                                                                                                      (3)                 (2)                  (6)                 (6)             57
                                       Effect of consolidation                                                                                  (5)                 (2)                   5                (10)            (132)
                                                                                                                                            (146)                  (26)                (11)               (140)            (469)
                                       Power Sustainable                                                                                      (25)                  (5)                   2                  (7)            (40)
                                       Corporate operations and Other                                                                           −                    −                   −                   −              (54)
                                                                                                                                            (171)                 (31)                   (9)              (147)            (563)
                                       Net earnings from continuing operations [7]
                                       Lifeco [2]                                                                                            586                  686                 639                1,974            1,444
                                       IGM [2]                                                                                               150                  135                 131                  424              454
                                             [2]
                                       GBL                                                                                                    (62)                 21                 315                   13              424
                                       Effect of consolidation                                                                                (36)                 (15)                   1                (69)            (143)
                                                                                                                                             638                  827               1,086                2,342            2,179
                                       Sagard and Power Sustainable                                                                           (65)                  (5)               (11)                 (75)             (96)
                                       Standalone businesses [4]                                                                            (107)                   (5)                   2               (144)               5
                                       Corporate operations and Other [4][5]                                                                  (95)                 (87)                (80)               (264)            (215)
                                                                                                                                             371                 730                  997                1,859            1,873
                                       Net earnings (loss) from discontinued operations – Putnam                                                −                    −                 (22)                (49)             (84)
                                       Net earnings [7]                                                                                      371                 730                  975                1,810            1,789
                                       [1] Adjusted net earnings from continuing operations (adjusted net earnings) is a non-IFRS financial measure. Effective the first quarter of 2024, the Corporation modified
                                           the definition of adjusted net earnings. Refer to the section “Non-IFRS Financial Measures”. The comparative periods have been restated to reflect this change. For a
                                           reconciliation of Lifeco, IGM, and Sagard and Power Sustainable’s non-IFRS adjusted net earnings to their net earnings, refer to the sections “Lifeco”, “IGM Financial”,
                                           and “Sagard and Power Sustainable” in the section “Review of Segments and Operating Results” below which detail the contribution to net earnings and adjusted net
                                           earnings of each.
                                       [2] Contribution based on earnings reported by Lifeco, IGM and GBL.
                                       [3] See the table below for details on Effect of consolidation.
                                       [4] Certain comparatives have been reclassified to conform with the current presentation.
                                       [5] Includes the contribution to net earnings and adjusted net earnings from the Corporation’s investments held in private investment funds, ChinaAMC (sold to IGM in
                                           January 2023), as well as corporate operations, which includes operating expenses, financing charges, depreciation, income taxes, and dividends on non-participating
                                           and perpetual preferred shares. Refer to the section “Corporate operations and Other“ below.
                                       [6] See the section “Adjustments” below, including details on Effect of consolidation.
                                       [7] Attributable to participating shareholders.




                                             A  16                                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


Adjusted and Net Earnings Per Share
                                                                                                                                 Three months ended                Nine months ended




                                                                                                                                                                                          PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                            September 30,               June 30,      September 30,     September 30,    September 30,
                                                                                                   2024                    2024              2023              2024             2023

Earnings per share – basic [1]
Adjusted net earnings from continuing operations                                                       0.84                 1.17               1.52             3.09             3.66
Adjustments                                                                                            (0.26)              (0.05)             (0.02)            (0.22)           (0.84)
Net earnings from continuing operations                                                                0.58                 1.12               1.50             2.87             2.82
Net earnings (loss) from discontinued operations – Putnam                                                  −                     −            (0.03)            (0.08)           (0.13)
Net earnings                                                                                           0.58                 1.12               1.47             2.79             2.69
[1] Attributable to participating shareholders.


EFFECT OF CONSOLIDATION
Effect of consolidation reflects:
   The elimination of intercompany transactions; and
   The application of the Corporation’s accounting method for investments under common control to the reported net
      earnings of the publicly traded operating companies, which include:
         i)     An adjustment related to Lifeco’s investment in PSEIP, PSM and SHMI;
         ii) An allocation of the results of the fintech portfolio, including Wealthsimple, Portage Ventures I, Portage Ventures II,
                Portage Ventures III and Portage Capital Solutions, to the contributions from Lifeco and IGM based on their
                respective interest.
The following table summarizes the effect of consolidation on adjusted net earnings for Lifeco and IGM:
                                                                                                                                 Three months ended                Nine months ended
                                                                                            September 30,               June 30,      September 30,     September 30,    September 30,
                                                                                                   2024                    2024              2023              2024             2023

Lifeco                                                                                                   (14)                (15)                (5)             (37)              (10)
IGM                                                                                                      (17)                    2                1              (22)               (1)
                                                                                                         (31)                (13)                (4)             (59)              (11)

Per share [1]                                                                                          (0.05)              (0.02)             (0.01)            (0.08)           (0.03)
[1] Attributable to participating shareholders.


                       Q3 2024 vs. Q3 2023 and Q2 2024                                                                           Year-to-date 2024 vs. 2023

Net earnings
$371 million or $0.58 per share, compared with $975 million or                                $1,810 million or $2.79 per share, compared with $1,789 million or
$1.47 per share in the corresponding period in 2023, a decrease                               $2.69 per share in the corresponding period in 2023, an increase
of 60.5% on a per share basis, and $730 million or $1.12 per share                            of 3.7% on a per share basis.
in the second quarter of 2024.

Net earnings from continuing operations
$371 million or $0.58 per share, compared with $997 million or                                $1,859 million or $2.87 per share, compared with $1,873 million or
$1.50 per share in the corresponding period in 2023, a decrease                               $2.82 per share in the corresponding period in 2023, an increase
of 61.3% on a per share basis, and $730 million or $1.12 per share                            of 1.8% on a per share basis.
in the second quarter of 2024.

Adjusted net earnings from continuing operations
$542 million or $0.84 per share, compared with $1,006 million or                              $2,006 million or $3.09 per share, compared with $2,436 million or
$1.52 per share in the corresponding period in 2023, a decrease                               $3.66 per share in the corresponding period in 2023, a decrease
of 44.7% on a per share basis, and $761 million or $1.17 per share                            of 15.6% on a per share basis.
in the second quarter of 2024.

Contribution to net earnings and adjusted net earnings from continuing operations from Lifeco, IGM and GBL
Contribution to net earnings from continuing operations of          Contribution to net earnings from continuing operations of
$638 million, compared with $1,086 million in the corresponding     $2,342 million, compared with $2,179 million in the corresponding
period in 2023, a decrease of 41.3%, and $827 million in the second period in 2023, an increase of 7.5%.
quarter of 2024.                                                    Contribution to adjusted net earnings from continuing operations
Contribution to adjusted net earnings from continuing operations    of $2,482 million, compared with $2,648 million in the
of $784 million, compared with $1,097 million in the corresponding corresponding period in 2023, a decrease of 6.3%.
period in 2023, a decrease of 28.5%, and $853 million in the second
quarter of 2024.



                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                             A  17
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       Main Drivers of Earnings
                                       NET EAR NINGS AND ADJU STED NET EAR NING S FROM CONTINU ING OPERATIONS




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       The Corporation’s net earnings and adjusted net earnings for the three-month period ended September 30, 2024 decreased
                                       by $626 million or 62.8% and by $464 million or 46.1%, respectively, from the corresponding quarter in 2023:
                                         Lifeco: contribution to net earnings decreased by $53 million or 8.3%, and the contribution to adjusted net earnings
                                           increased by $75 million or 11.6%.
                                         IGM: contribution to net earnings and adjusted net earnings increased by $19 million or 14.5% and by $16 million or
                                           11.7%, respectively.
                                         GBL: negative contribution to net earnings of $62 million in the third quarter of 2024, compared with a positive
                                           contribution of $315 million in the third quarter of 2023. The third quarter of 2024 includes the Corporation’s share of a
                                           non-cash loss of $45 million recognized by Imerys on the disposal of its assets serving the paper market, resulting from
                                           the reclassification of the related cumulative translation adjustment in earnings. The third quarter of 2023 included the
                                           Corporation’s share of a gain on deconsolidation of Webhelp of $323 million, which included the reversal of the liability
                                           to Webhelp’s minority shareholders.
                                         Sagard and Power Sustainable: net earnings include a contribution of nil from Sagard and a negative contribution of
                                           $65 million from Power Sustainable in the third quarter of 2024, compared with a negative contribution of $4 million from
                                           Sagard and a negative contribution of $7 million from Power Sustainable in the corresponding quarter in 2023. Adjusted
                                           net earnings include a contribution of nil from Sagard and a negative contribution of $40 million from Power Sustainable,
                                           compared with a negative contribution of $4 million from Sagard and a negative contribution of $9 million from Power
                                           Sustainable in the corresponding quarter in 2023.
                                       The Corporation’s net earnings and adjusted net earnings for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2024 decreased
                                       by $14 million or 0.7% and by $430 million or 17.7%, respectively, from the corresponding period in 2023:
                                         Lifeco: contribution to net earnings and adjusted net earnings increased by $530 million or 36.7% and by $260 million
                                           or 14.1%, respectively.
                                         IGM: contribution to net earnings decreased by $30 million or 6.6% and the contribution to adjusted net earnings
                                           increased by $33 million or 8.3%.
                                         GBL: contribution to net earnings of $13 million, compared with a contribution of $424 million in 2023. Refer to the
                                           explanation in the three-month period above.
                                         Sagard and Power Sustainable: net earnings include a positive contribution of $32 million from Sagard and a negative
                                           contribution of $107 million from Power Sustainable in the nine-month period ended September 30, 2024, compared
                                           with a negative contribution from Sagard and Power Sustainable of $10 million and $86 million, respectively, in the
                                           corresponding period in 2023. Adjusted net earnings include a positive contribution of $32 million from Sagard and a
                                           negative contribution of $100 million from Power Sustainable, compared with a negative contribution from Sagard and
                                           Power Sustainable of $10 million and $46 million, respectively, in the corresponding period in 2023.

                                       A discussion of the results of Lifeco, IGM, GBL and Sagard and Power Sustainable is provided in the sections “Lifeco”, “IGM
                                       Financial”, “GBL” and “Sagard and Power Sustainable” in the section “Review of Segments and Operating Results” below.
                                       For additional discussion of the results of Lifeco and IGM, refer to Part B and C, respectively, of this MD&A.




                                           A  18                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


REVIEW OF SEGMENTS AND OPERATIN G RESULTS




                                                                                                                                       PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
PUBLICLY TRADED OPERATING COMPANIES

Lifeco

OVER VIEW OF THE BUS INES S
Lifeco is an international financial services holding company with interests in life insurance, health insurance, retirement and
investment services, asset management and reinsurance businesses. Lifeco operates primarily in Canada, the U.S. and Europe
under the brands Canada Life, Empower and Irish Life. For reporting purposes, Lifeco has four major reportable segments:
Canada, the United States, Europe, and Capital and Risk Solutions. Lifeco focuses on three key value drivers for its business:
Workplace Solutions (including group life & health, group retirement, and pension administration and record-keeping
services); Wealth & Asset Management (including retail savings and wealth products); and Insurance & Risk Solutions
(including life insurance, disability, and critical illness coverage for individuals, and payout annuities for individuals and
pension plans as well as reinsurance). On January 1, 2024, Lifeco completed the sale of Putnam Investments to Franklin
Templeton, and as a result of the transaction Putnam is classified as discontinued operations.
The Canada segment is operated by Canada Life, offering a broad portfolio of financial and benefit plan solutions for
individuals, families, businesses and organizations primarily through the Workplace Solutions, Individual Wealth
Management, and Insurance & Annuities business units. Through the Workplace Solutions business unit, Lifeco offers group
life and health benefits, group creditor and group retirement and investment products, including life, accidental death and
dismemberment, critical illness, disability, health and dental protection, and creditor insurance, as well as retirement savings
and income and annuity products and other speciality products to group clients in Canada. Through the Individual Wealth
Management business unit, Lifeco provides wealth savings and income products and services to individual customers. The
Insurance & Annuities business unit offers individual life, disability and critical illness insurance products and services, as well
as individual life annuities and single-premium group annuities.
The United States segment is operated by Empower through the Empower Defined Contribution and the Empower Personal
Wealth business units, as well by PanAgora through the Asset Management business unit. The Empower Defined Contribution
business unit helps people with saving, investing and advice through employer-sponsored defined contribution, defined
benefit and non-qualified plans. The Empower Personal Wealth business unit offers individual product solutions and provides
retail wealth management products and services to individuals, including individual retirement accounts and after-tax
investment accounts. The Asset Management business unit provides investment management services, related administrative
functions and distribution services, and offers a broad range of investment products. The Corporate business unit includes
items not associated directly with or allocated to the Empower and PanAgora Asset Management business units, including a
retained block of life insurance, predominately participating policies, which are now administered by Protective Life Insurance
Company, as well as a closed retrocession block of life insurance. The United States segment also includes the results of
Putnam, classified as discontinued operations.
The Europe segment operates under the Canada Life brand in the U.K. and Germany and under the Irish Life brand in Ireland
along with other acquired brands within the broker market in Ireland. The Workplace Solutions business unit consists of group
life and health insurance business in the U.K. and Ireland as well as group retirement and employee benefit consulting services
in Ireland. The Individual Wealth & Asset Management business unit consists of investment products (including life bonds,
retirement drawdown and pension) offered in the U.K., pension, savings and investment products offered in Ireland and
pension products offered in Germany. Irish Life Investment Managers (ILIM) is one of Lifeco’s fund management operations
in Ireland. In addition to managing assets on behalf of companies in the Lifeco group, ILIM also manages assets for a wide
range of institutional clients across Europe and North America. The Insurance & Annuities business unit consists of bulk and
individual payout annuities offered in the U.K. and Ireland, equity-release mortgages offered in the U.K., and individual
insurance offered in Ireland and Germany.
The Capital and Risk Solutions segment includes Lifeco’s reinsurance business under the Insurance & Risk Solutions value
driver, which operates primarily in the U.S., Barbados, Bermuda and Ireland. Reinsurance products are provided through
Canada Life and its subsidiaries and include both reinsurance and retrocession business transacted directly with clients or
through reinsurance brokers.




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4   A  19
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       2024 DEVELOPMENTS
                                       Putnam Investments: On January 1, 2024, Lifeco completed the previously announced sale of Putnam to Franklin Resources,
                                       Inc., operating as Franklin Templeton, in exchange for Franklin Templeton common shares, cash, and contingent




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       consideration of up to US$375 million over a five- to seven-year period. In the first quarter of 2024, Lifeco recorded a net loss
                                       of $115 million reflecting closing costs as well as a $44 million final gain on sale within discontinued operations. Lifeco
                                       retained its controlling interest in PanAgora, a leading quantitative asset manager. Lifeco currently holds approximately
                                       31.6 million Franklin Templeton shares and will hold a majority of these shares until at least January 1, 2029. The shares are
                                       held at fair value with changes in fair market value flowing through other comprehensive income.
                                       In addition to the sale, Lifeco, along with the Corporation and Franklin Templeton, entered into a strategic relationship to
                                       distribute Franklin Templeton products for the benefit of clients, distribution partners, and shareholders.
                                       Assumption Changes and Management Actions: In the third quarter of 2024, Lifeco completed certain assumption reviews
                                       and model refinements related to insurance contract liabilities which resulted in a positive economic impact. Within Lifeco’s
                                       financial statements, this is observed through an increase to contractual service margin on non-participating business of
                                       $305 million and a negative impact to net earnings of $203 million. These assumption changes improved the capital position
                                       of Lifeco. For additional information, refer to the section “Assumption Changes and Management Actions” in Part B of this
                                       MD&A.
                                       Plan Management Corporation: On September 23, 2024, Empower acquired Plan Management Corporation (PMC), the
                                       creator of OptionTrax, a digital equity plan administration and service provider. With the completion of the acquisition,
                                       Empower’s retirement services expanded to employers who offer equity compensation programs as well as enhanced
                                       financial planning services offered through the Empower Personal Wealth business. The acquisition increased Empower’s
                                       client base by an additional 300 employers with approximately US$62 billion in plan value. The purchase consideration was
                                       funded with existing resources and deferred consideration subject to achievement of target growth objectives. This
                                       acquisition is not expected to have a material impact on Lifeco’s financial position.
                                       See Part B of this MD&A for additional information on Lifeco.

                                       R ES U LTS
                                       Contribution to Power Corporation
                                                                                                                                                       Three months ended                        Nine months ended
                                                                                                                    September 30,               June 30,      September 30,           September 30,   September 30,
                                                                                                                           2024                    2024              2023                    2024            2023

                                       Average direct ownership (%)                                                             68.2                68.1                 68.2                 68.2            68.2
                                       Contribution to earnings
                                         Net earnings from continuing operations                                                567                  670                  633                1,926           1,416
                                         Adjusted net earnings from continuing operations                                       710                  693                  644                2,061           1,828


                                       Dividend received                                                                                                                                     1,058             991

                                                                                                                                                                                      September 30,   December 31,
                                       As at                                                                                                                                                 2024           2023

                                       Contribution to holding company balance sheets
                                         Investment in Lifeco, carrying value                                                                                                               16,240          15,326
                                         % of total holding company assets                                                                                                                    58.7            57.1

                                         Investment in Lifeco, fair value                                                                                                                   29,307          27,871
                                         % of total holding company assets, at fair value                                                                                                     67.9            68.7




                                               A  20                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


Reconciliation of contribution to net earnings and adjusted net earnings of Power Corporation
                                                                                                                                 Three months ended                Nine months ended
                                                                                            September 30,               June 30,       September 30,    September 30,    September 30,




                                                                                                                                                                                          PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                   2024                    2024               2023             2024             2023

Contribution to Power Corporation’s:
  Adjusted net earnings from continuing operations
    As reported by Lifeco                                                                               724                  708                649            2,098            1,838
    Effect of consolidation [1]                                                                          (14)                (15)                 (5)            (37)              (10)
                                                                                                        710                  693                644            2,061            1,828
  Adjustments
    As reported by Lifeco                                                                              (138)                 (22)               (10)            (124)            (394)
    Effect of consolidation [2]                                                                           (5)                    (1)              (1)            (11)              (18)
                                                                                                       (143)                 (23)               (11)            (135)            (412)
  Net earnings from continuing operations                                                               567                  670                633            1,926            1,416
  Net earnings (loss) from discontinued operations – Putnam                                                −                     −              (21)             (48)              (82)
  Net earnings                                                                                          567                  670                612            1,878            1,334
[1] The Effect of consolidation includes the elimination of intercompany transactions and the application of the Corporation’s accounting method for investments under
    common control including an adjustment for Lifeco’s investment in PSEIP, PSM and SHMI and an allocation of the results of the fintech portfolio.
[2] Refer to the section “Adjustments” below for details of Effect of consolidation.




Adjusted and net earnings per share as reported by Lifeco

                                                                                                                                 Three months ended                Nine months ended
                                                                                            September 30,               June 30,       September 30,    September 30,    September 30,
                                                                                                   2024                    2024               2023             2024             2023

Adjusted net earnings from continuing operations [1][2]                                                1.14                 1.11               1.02             3.30             2.89
                [3]
Adjustments                                                                                            (0.22)              (0.03)              (0.01)           (0.20)           (0.61)
Net earnings from continuing operations [1]                                                            0.92                 1.08               1.01             3.10             2.28
                [1]
Net earnings                                                                                           0.92                 1.08               0.97             3.03             2.15
[1] Attributable to Lifeco common shareholders.
[2] Defined as “base earnings per common share” by Lifeco, a non-IFRS ratio; refer to the section “Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios” in Part B of this MD&A.
[3] See the section “Adjustments” below.




                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                             A  21
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       Contribution to adjusted and net earnings by segments as reported by Lifeco
                                                                                                                                                                   Three months ended                        Nine months ended
                                                                                                                                 September 30,              June 30,      September 30,           September 30,   September 30,




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                                                        2024                   2024              2023                    2024            2023

                                       Adjusted net earnings from continuing operations [1][2]
                                         Canada                                                                                             317                  322                  296                  941             857
                                         United States                                                                                      359                  324                  262                  969             745
                                         Europe                                                                                             195                  206                  206                  598             564
                                         Capital and Risk Solutions                                                                         210                  190                  198                  595             558
                                         Lifeco Corporate                                                                                    (20)                  (4)                 (12)                (26)            (28)
                                                                                                                                          1,061                1,038                  950                3,077           2,696
                                       Adjustments [3]
                                         Market experience relative to expectations [4]                                                       41                   28                 153                  176             (94)
                                         Realized OCI gains (losses) from asset rebalancing                                                     −                   −                    −                   −            (121)
                                         Assumption changes and management actions [4]                                                      (203)                  39                (106)                (165)           (103)
                                         Other non-market related impacts [5]                                                                (40)               (100)                  (61)               (193)           (259)
                                                                                                                                            (202)                 (33)                 (14)               (182)           (577)
                                       Net earnings from continuing operations [1]
                                         Canada                                                                                             460                  335                  414                1,148             795
                                         United States                                                                                      307                  274                  244                  814             575
                                         Europe                                                                                             115                  201                   25                  503             167
                                         Capital and Risk Solutions                                                                             9                155                  265                  424             618
                                         Lifeco Corporate                                                                                    (32)                  40                  (12)                  6             (36)
                                       Net earnings from continuing operations [1]                                                          859                1,005                  936                2,895           2,119
                                       Net earnings (loss) from discontinued operations – Putnam                                               −                    −                  (31)               (115)           (121)
                                       Net gain from disposal of discontinued operations – Putnam                                              −                    −                    −                  44               −
                                       Net earnings [1]                                                                                     859                1,005                  905                2,824           1,998
                                       [1] Attributable to Lifeco common shareholders.
                                       [2] Defined as “base earnings (loss)” by Lifeco, a non-IFRS financial measure; refer to Part B of this MD&A for additional details including a definition and reconciliation by
                                           segment.
                                       [3] See the section “Adjustments” below. Described as “items excluded from base earnings” by Lifeco; refer to Part B of this MD&A.
                                       [4] Refer to Part B of this MD&A for more details, including a definition of these Adjustments.
                                       [5] Includes business transformation impacts (including restructuring and integration costs as well as acquisition and divestiture costs), amortization of acquisition-related
                                           intangible assets and tax legislative changes impacts.




                                             A  22                                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                   Q3 2024 vs. Q3 2023 and Q2 2024                                                                         Year-to-date 2024 vs. 2023

Net earnings




                                                                                                                                                                PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
$859 million or $0.92 per share, compared with $905 million or                          $2,824 million or $3.03 per share, compared with $1,998 million or
$0.97 per share in the corresponding period in 2023, a decrease                         $2.15 per share in the corresponding period in 2023, an increase of
of 5.2% on a per share basis, and $1,005 million or $1.08 per share                     40.9% on a per share basis.
in the second quarter of 2024.

Net earnings from continuing operations
$859 million or $0.92 per share, compared with $936 million or                          $2,895 million or $3.10 per share, compared with $2,119 million or
$1.01 per share in the corresponding period in 2023, a decrease                         $2.28 per share in the corresponding period in 2023, an increase of
of 8.9% on a per share basis, and $1,005 million or $1.08 per                           36.0% on a per share basis.
share in the second quarter of 2024.

Adjusted net earnings from continuing operations
$1,061 million or $1.14 per share, compared with $950 million or                        $3,077 million or $3.30 per share, compared with $2,696 million or
$1.02 per share in the corresponding period in 2023, an increase                        $2.89 per share in the corresponding period in 2023, an increase of
of 11.8% on a per share basis, and $1,038 million or $1.11 per                          14.2% on a per share basis.
share in the second quarter of 2024.


CANADA
Net earnings in the three-month period ended September 30, 2024 increased by $46 million to $460 million, compared with
the corresponding quarter in 2023. Adjusted net earnings in the three-month period ended September 30, 2024 were
$317 million, an increase of $21 million compared with the corresponding quarter in 2023, reflecting:
  Higher net fee and spread income driven by the addition of IPC and Value Partners and higher equity markets; and
  Higher expected investment earnings driven by improved credit experience and higher earnings on surplus;
  Partially offset by lower Contractual Service Margin (CSM) recognized for services provided in Insurance and Annuities
    driven by the impact of actuarial assumption changes.
Adjusted net earnings in the three-month period ended September 30, 2024 excluded Adjustments of positive $143 million,
compared with Adjustments of positive $118 million in the corresponding quarter in 2023. Market experience relative to
expectations was positive $43 million in the third quarter of 2024, compared with positive $147 million in the corresponding
quarter in 2023, primarily due to less favourable impacts of risk-free interest rate movements and unfavourable credit spread
impacts in the three-month period ended September 30, 2024, compared with favourable impacts in the corresponding
quarter, partially offset by higher non-fixed income experience compared with the corresponding quarter in 2023.
Assumption changes and management actions were positive $106 million, compared with negative $24 million in the
corresponding quarter in 2023. For additional information, refer to the section “Assumption Changes and Management
Actions” in Part B of this MD&A.
Net earnings in the nine-month period ended September 30, 2024 increased by $353 million to $1,148 million, compared
with the corresponding period in 2023. Adjusted net earnings in the nine-month period ended September 30, 2024 were
$941 million, an increase of $84 million compared with the corresponding period in 2023, primarily due to:
  Strong long-term disability and health experience in Workplace Solutions partially driven by pricing and management
    action, as well as organic growth in Workplace Solutions in-force block earnings;
  Higher net fee and spread income driven by the addition of IPC and Value Partners and higher equity markets; and
  Improved mortality experience in Insurance & Annuities.
 Partially offset by:
  Lower CSM recognized for services provided in Insurance & Annuities driven by the impact of actuarial assumption
    changes;
  Higher service restoration expense in Workplace Solutions; and
  A favourable tax item from 2023 in Individual Wealth Management which did not repeat.
Adjusted net earnings in the nine-month period ended September 30, 2024 excluded Adjustments of positive $207 million,
compared with Adjustments of negative $62 million in the corresponding period in 2023. Market experience relative to
expectations was positive $135 million, compared with negative $25 million in the corresponding period in 2023, primarily
due to additional favourable impacts of risk-free interest rate movements compared with the corresponding period in 2023,
and favourable non-fixed income experience compared with an unfavourable impact in the prior year. Assumption changes
and management actions were positive $113 million, compared with negative $21 million in the corresponding period in
2023. For additional information, refer to the section “Assumption Changes and Management Actions” in Part B of this MD&A.




                             P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                A  23
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       UNITED STATES (CONTINUING OPERATIONS)
                                       Net earnings from continuing operations in the three-month period ended September 30, 2024 increased by US$43 million
                                       (C$63 million) to US$225 million (C$307 million), compared with the corresponding quarter in 2023. Adjusted net earnings




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       were US$264 million (C$359 million) in the three-month period ended September 30, 2024, an increase of US$69 million
                                       (C$97 million), compared with the corresponding quarter in 2023, primarily due to:
                                         An increase in fee income driven by growth in the business and higher equity markets; and
                                         Higher earnings on surplus assets;
                                         Partially offset by higher crediting rates resulting in lower spreads, as well as higher operating expenses attributed to
                                           growth in the business.
                                       Adjusted net earnings in the three-month period ended September 30, 2024 excluded Adjustments of negative
                                       US$39 million (C$52 million), compared with negative US$13 million (C$18 million) in the corresponding quarter in 2023,
                                       primarily due to unfavourable actuarial assumption changes (refer to the section “Assumption Changes and Management
                                       Actions” in Part B of this MD&A), and the non-recurrence of favourable hedge ineffectiveness related to the Guaranteed
                                       Lifetime Withdrawal Benefit in the prior year, partially offset by the non-recurrence of integration expenses associated with
                                       the Prudential acquisition in the corresponding quarter in 2023.
                                       Net earnings from continuing operations in the nine-month period ended September 30, 2024 increased by US$167 million
                                       (C$239 million) to US$597 million (C$814 million), compared with the corresponding period in 2023. Adjusted net earnings
                                       were US$711 million (C$969 million) in the nine-month period ended September 30, 2024, an increase of US$155 million
                                       (C$224 million), compared with the corresponding period in 2023, primarily due to the same reasons explained in the three-
                                       month period above.
                                       Adjusted net earnings in the nine-month period ended September 30, 2024 excluded Adjustments of negative
                                       US$114 million (C$155 million), compared with negative US$126 million (C$170 million) in the corresponding period in 2023.
                                       The decrease in negative Adjustments was primarily due to the non-recurrence of a 2023 provision related to Empower’s sale
                                       of substantially all of its individual life and annuity business in 2019, partially offset by the same reasons explained in the three-
                                       month period above.

                                       EUROPE
                                       Net earnings in the three-month period ended September 30, 2024 increased by $90 million to $115 million, compared with
                                       the corresponding quarter in 2023. Adjusted net earnings in the three-month period ended September 30, 2024 were
                                       $195 million, a decrease of $11 million, compared with the corresponding quarter in 2023, primarily due to:
                                         Unfavourable group mortality experience in the U.K.; and
                                         A change to certain tax estimates from the prior year in Germany that did not repeat and a higher effective tax rate due
                                           to the implementation of the GMT;
                                         Partially offset by higher fee income in the U.K. and Ireland, as well as favourable impacts of trading activity in the U.K.
                                       Adjusted net earnings in the three-month period ended September 30, 2024 excluded Adjustments of negative $80 million,
                                       compared with Adjustments of negative $181 million in the corresponding quarter in 2023. Market experience relative to
                                       expectations was negative $23 million, compared with negative $128 million in the corresponding quarter in 2023, primarily
                                       due to reductions in commercial property values in the prior year that did not repeat. Assumption changes and management
                                       actions were negative $51 million, compared with negative $37 million in the corresponding quarter in 2023. For additional
                                       information, refer to the section “Assumption Changes and Management Actions” in Part B of this MD&A.
                                       Net earnings in the nine-month period ended September 30, 2024 increased by $336 million to $503 million, compared with
                                       the corresponding period in 2023. Adjusted net earnings in the nine-month period ended September 30, 2024 were
                                       $598 million, an increase of $34 million compared with the corresponding period in 2023, primarily due to:
                                         Higher CSM recognized for services provided; and
                                         Growth in surplus income and higher fee income.
                                        Partially offset by:
                                         Unfavourable group experience in the U.K.;
                                         A change to certain tax estimates from the prior year in Germany that did not repeat; and
                                         Higher effective tax rate due to the implementation of the GMT.
                                       Adjusted net earnings in the nine-month period ended September 30, 2024 excluded Adjustments of negative $95 million,
                                       compared with Adjustments of negative $397 million in the corresponding period in 2023. Market experience relative to
                                       expectations was negative $27 million, compared with negative $183 million in the corresponding period in 2023, primarily
                                       due to the same reason in the three-month period above. The nine-month period of 2023 included realized OCI losses of
                                       $121 million that did not repeat related to asset rebalancing in the surplus account. Assumption changes and management
                                       actions were negative $53 million, compared with negative $33 million in the corresponding period in 2023. For additional
                                       information, refer to the section “Assumption Changes and Management Actions” in Part B of this MD&A.
                                       For the nine-month period ended September 30, 2024, the impact of the GMT was negative $28 million on net earnings and
                                       negative $32 million on adjusted net earnings.

                                           A  24                                     P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


CAPITAL AND RISK SOLUTIONS
Net earnings in the three-month period ended September 30, 2024 decreased by $256 million to $9 million, compared with
the corresponding quarter in 2023. Adjusted net earnings in the three-month period ended September 30, 2024 were




                                                                                                                                  PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
$210 million, an increase of $12 million compared with the corresponding quarter in 2023, as favourable claims experience
in the U.S. life business and higher earnings on surplus were partially offset by the impact of the GMT.
Adjusted net earnings in the three-month period ended September 30, 2024 excluded Adjustments of negative $201 million,
compared with positive $67 million in the corresponding quarter in 2023. The Adjustments primarily reflect the net impact of
annuity and life business assumption updates, partially offset by market movements. Assumption updates also resulted in an
increase to the CSM from non-participating products of $481 million which will be reflected into adjusted net earnings as
CSM is recognized for services provided. For additional information, refer to the section “Assumption Changes and
Management Actions” in Part B of this MD&A.
Net earnings in the nine-month period ended September 30, 2024 decreased by $194 million to $424 million, compared with
the corresponding period in 2023. Adjusted net earnings in the nine-month period ended September 30, 2024 were
$595 million, an increase of $37 million compared with the corresponding period in 2023, as growth in the structured
business, higher earnings on surplus and improved experience, primarily driven by the U.S. life business, were partially offset
by the impact of the GMT.
Adjusted net earnings in the nine-month period ended September 30, 2024 excluded Adjustments of negative $171 million,
compared with positive $60 million in the corresponding period in 2023, primarily due to the same reasons explained in the
three-month period above.
For the nine-month period ended September 30, 2024, the impact of the GMT was negative $60 million on net earnings and
negative $77 million on adjusted net earnings, primarily related to operations in Barbados.




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4   A  25
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       ADJUSTMENTS
                                       Adjustments are items excluded from net earnings from continuing operations in the determination of adjusted net earnings
                                       by Lifeco’s management. Refer to the further discussion above in each of Lifeco’s operating segments.




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       In the first three quarters of 2024, Adjustments with a net negative earnings impact of $182 million after tax consisted of:
                                          In the third quarter of 2024, Adjustments were a net negative impact of $202 million, which consisted of assumption
                                             changes and management actions of negative $203 million after tax (negative $235 million pre-tax), business
                                             transformation impacts of negative $4 million after tax (negative $7 million pre-tax), and amortization of acquisition-
                                             related finite life intangibles of $36 million after tax ($47 million pre-tax), partially offset by market experience relative to
                                             expectations of positive $41 million after tax (positive $46 million pre-tax).
                                          In the second quarter of 2024, Adjustments were a net negative impact of $33 million, which consisted of business
                                             transformation impacts of negative $29 million after tax (negative $36 million pre-tax), amortization of acquisition-related
                                             finite life intangibles of $37 million after tax ($52 million pre-tax), and a negative impact from tax legislative changes [1] of
                                             $34 million, partially offset by market experience relative to expectations of positive $28 million after tax (positive
                                             $45 million pre-tax), and assumption changes and management actions of positive $39 million after tax (positive
                                             $2 million pre-tax).      1




                                          In the first quarter of 2024, Adjustments were a net positive impact of $53 million, which consisted of market experience
                                             relative to expectations of positive $107 million after tax (positive $136 million pre-tax), and a positive impact from tax
                                             legislative changes [1] of $34 million, partially offset by assumption changes and management actions of negative $1 million
                                             after tax (positive $3 million pre-tax), business transformation impacts of negative $49 million after tax (negative $67 million
                                             pre-tax), and amortization of acquisition-related finite life intangibles of $38 million after tax ($50 million pre-tax).
                                       In the first three quarters of 2023, Adjustments with a net negative earnings impact of $577 million after tax consisted of:
                                          In the third quarter of 2023, Adjustments were a net negative earnings impact of $14 million, which consisted of
                                             assumption changes and management actions of negative $106 million after tax (negative $125 million pre-tax), business
                                             transformation impacts of negative $25 million after tax (negative $33 million pre-tax), and amortization of acquisition-
                                             related finite life intangibles of $36 million after tax ($48 million pre-tax), partially offset by market experience relative to
                                             expectations of positive $153 million after tax (positive $191 million pre-tax).
                                          In the second quarter of 2023, Adjustments were a net negative earnings impact of $351 million, which consisted of
                                             market experience relative to expectations of negative $79 million after tax (negative $92 million pre-tax), realized OCI
                                             losses from the sale of surplus assets measured at FVOCI from asset rebalancing of $121 million after tax ($158 million
                                             pre-tax), business transformation impacts of negative $111 million after tax (negative $144 million pre-tax), amortization
                                             of acquisition-related finite life intangibles of $36 million after tax ($49 million pre-tax), and assumption changes and
                                             management actions of negative $4 million after tax (negative $5 million pre-tax).
                                          In the first quarter of 2023, Adjustments were a net negative earnings impact of $212 million, which consisted of market
                                             experience relative to expectations of negative $168 million after tax (negative $209 million pre-tax), business
                                             transformation impacts of negative $19 million after tax (negative $26 million pre-tax), and amortization of acquisition-
                                             related finite life intangibles of $32 million after tax ($43 million pre-tax), partially offset by assumption changes and
                                             management actions of positive $7 million after tax (positive $9 million pre-tax).


                                       The information above has been derived from Lifeco’s interim and most recent Annual MD&A; see Part B of this MD&A for
                                       additional information on Lifeco’s interim results. Lifeco’s interim and most recent Annual MD&A are available under its profile
                                       on SEDAR+ (www.sedarplus.ca).




                                       [1] Net earnings for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 includes the negative impact of $89 million related to the GMT. The GMT legislation was enacted in Canada
                                           on June 20, 2024, retroactive to January 1, 2024. The negative impact recognized in the second quarter of 2024 included a $34 million retroactive impact for the first
                                           quarter of 2024 as a result of Canada’s enactment of legislation in the second quarter. The adjusted net earnings for the first quarter of 2024 have been presented on a
                                           pro forma basis as if the legislation had been enacted in the first quarter of 2024, reflecting the impact to adjusted net earnings of $34 million. Refer to Part B of this
                                           MD&A for further details.


                                             A  26                                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


IGM Financial

OVER VIEW OF THE BUS INES S




                                                                                                                                                                                PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
IGM is a leading wealth and asset management company supporting advisors and the clients they serve in Canada, and
institutional investors globally. IGM’s core business is comprised of wealth manager IG Wealth Management and asset
manager Mackenzie Investments. IGM also holds a number of strategic investments that provide benefits to the operating
subsidiaries while furthering IGM’s growth prospects. IGM has three reportable segments: Wealth Management, Asset
Management, and Corporate and Other.
The Wealth Management segment reflects the activities of its core business and strategic investments that are principally
focused on providing financial planning and related services to retail client households. This segment includes the activities
of IG Wealth Management, a retail distribution organization that serves Canadian households through its securities dealer,
mutual fund dealer and other subsidiaries licensed to distribute financial products and services. IG Wealth Management
provides comprehensive personal financial planning by offering a broad range of financial products and services in the areas
of advanced financial planning, mortgage banking, insurance, and securities. IG Wealth Management distinguishes itself from
its competition by offering comprehensive planning to its clients that synchronizes their financial lives. This segment also
includes the investment management activities of these organizations, including mutual fund management and discretionary
portfolio management services, as well as IGM’s strategic investments in Rockefeller (classified as an investment in an
associate) and Wealthsimple (classified by IGM as an investment at FVOCI).
The Asset Management segment reflects the activities of its core business and strategic investments primarily focused on
providing investment management services. This segment includes the operations of Mackenzie Investments which provides
investment management services to a suite of investment funds that are distributed through third-party dealers and financial
advisors, and through institutional advisory mandates to financial institutions, pensions and other institutional investors.
Mackenzie Investments is a diversified asset management solutions provider and provides investment management and
related services with a wide range of investment mandates through a boutique structure and multiple distribution channels.
Mackenzie seeks to be Canada’s preferred global asset management solutions provider and business partner. This segment
also includes IGM’s strategic investments in ChinaAMC and Northleaf which are both classified as an investment in an
associate.
The Corporate and Other segment primarily represents the investments made by IGM in Lifeco and the Portage Ventures
funds (refer to the section “Sagard and Power Sustainable”), IGM’s unallocated capital, as well as consolidation elimination
entries.
See Part C of this MD&A for additional information on IGM.


R ES U LTS

Contribution to Power Corporation
                                                                                                                           Three months ended              Nine months ended
                                                                                       September 30,              June 30,      September 30,   September 30,   September 30,
                                                                                              2024                   2024              2023            2024            2023

Average direct ownership (%)                                                                      62.5                62.5              62.1            62.4            62.2
Contribution to earnings
  Net earnings from continuing operations                                                         133                  136               138             403              339
  Adjusted net earnings from continuing operations                                                136                  139               138             408              396


Dividend received                                                                                                                                        250              250

                                                                                                                                                September 30,   December 31,
As at                                                                                                                                                  2024           2023

Contribution to holding company balance sheets
  Investment in IGM, carrying value                                                                                                                    3,911           3,702
  % of total holding company assets                                                                                                                     14.1            13.8

  Investment in IGM, fair value                                                                                                                        6,003           5,179
  % of total holding company assets, at fair value                                                                                                      13.9            12.8




                             P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                          A  27
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       Reconciliation of contribution to net earnings and adjusted net earnings of Power Corporation
                                                                                                                                                                   Three months ended                        Nine months ended
                                                                                                                                 September 30,              June 30,      September 30,           September 30,    September 30,




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                                                        2024                   2024              2023                    2024             2023

                                       Contribution to Power Corporation’s:
                                         Adjusted net earnings from continuing operations
                                           As reported by IGM [1][2]                                                                        153                  137                  137                  430              397
                                           Effect of consolidation [3]                                                                       (17)                   2                    1                 (22)               (1)
                                                                                                                                            136                  139                  138                  408              396
                                         Adjustments
                                           As reported by IGM [2]                                                                              (3)                 (2)                  (6)                  (6)             57
                                                                            [2][4]
                                           Effect of consolidation                                                                             −                   (1)                   6                   1             (114)
                                                                                                                                               (3)                 (3)                   −                   (5)            (57)
                                         Net earnings from continuing operations                                                            133                  136                  138                  403              339
                                         Net earnings (loss) from discontinued operations
                                           Effect of consolidation [5]                                                                         −                    −                   (1)                  (1)              (2)
                                         Net earnings                                                                                       133                  136                  137                  402              337
                                       [1] Based on adjusted net earnings available to IGM common shareholders.
                                       [2] In the first quarter of 2024, IGM modified its definition of adjusted net earnings to exclude its proportionate share of items that Lifeco excludes from its net earnings
                                           reported in accordance with IFRS. The comparative information for the Corporation’s share of adjusted net earnings and adjustments reported by IGM and the Effect of
                                           consolidation have been restated to reflect this change.
                                       [3] The Effect of consolidation includes the elimination of intercompany transactions and the application of the Corporation’s accounting method for investments under
                                           common control including an allocation of the results of the fintech portfolio.
                                       [4] Refer to the section “Adjustments” below for details of Effect of consolidation.
                                       [5] Represents IGM’s share of the discontinued operations of Lifeco.




                                       Adjusted and net earnings per share as reported by IGM

                                                                                                                                                                   Three months ended                        Nine months ended
                                                                                                                                 September 30,              June 30,      September 30,           September 30,    September 30,
                                                                                                                                        2024                   2024              2023                    2024             2023

                                       Adjusted net earnings [1][2][3]                                                                      1.03                0.93                 0.92                 2.90             2.67
                                                       [3][4][5]
                                       Adjustments                                                                                         (0.02)               (0.02)              (0.04)                (0.04)           0.39
                                       Net earnings [1]                                                                                     1.01                0.91                 0.88                 2.86             3.06
                                       [1] Available to IGM common shareholders.
                                       [2] Adjusted net earnings per share is a non-IFRS ratio; refer to the section “Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures” in Part C of this MD&A.
                                       [3] In the first quarter of 2024, IGM modified its definition of adjusted net earnings to exclude its proportionate share of items that Lifeco excludes from its net earnings
                                           reported in accordance with IFRS. The comparative information has been restated to reflect this change.
                                       [4] See the section “Adjustments” below.
                                       [5] Described as “Other items” by IGM; refer to Part C of this MD&A.


                                       Contribution to adjusted net earnings by segments and net earnings as reported by IGM
                                                                                                                                                                   Three months ended                        Nine months ended
                                                                                                                                 September 30,              June 30,      September 30,           September 30,    September 30,
                                                                                                                                        2024                   2024              2023                    2024             2023

                                       Wealth Management [1][2]                                                                             125                  109                  118                  345              339
                                                                   [1][2]
                                       Asset Management                                                                                       91                   85                  79                  263              233
                                       Corporate and Other [1][2]                                                                             28                   27                  23                   81               66
                                       Adjusted net earnings [3][4]                                                                         244                  221                  220                  689              638
                                       Adjustments [4][5]                                                                                      (5)                  (4)                (10)                (10)              91
                                       Net earnings [3]                                                                                     239                  217                  210                  679              729
                                       [1] In the fourth quarter of 2023, IGM realigned its reportable segments to better characterize and simplify its business lines into wealth management and asset management
                                           segments. The revised segments reflect a realignment of Rockefeller and Wealthsimple to the wealth management segment and ChinaAMC and Northleaf to the asset
                                           management segment. These changes have no impact on the reported earnings of IGM. The comparative information has been restated to reflect the realigned segments.
                                       [2] Debt and interest expense is allocated to each segment based on IGM’s assessment of: i) capacity to service the debt, and ii) where the debt is being serviced.
                                       [3] Available to IGM common shareholders.
                                       [4] Adjusted net earnings is a non-IFRS financial measure; refer to Part C of this MD&A for additional details including a definition and reconciliation. IGM does not allocate
                                           Adjustments to segments. In the first quarter of 2024, IGM modified its definition of adjusted net earnings to exclude its proportionate share of items that Lifeco excludes
                                           from its net earnings reported in accordance with IFRS. The comparative information has been restated to reflect this change.
                                       [5] Described as “Other items” by IGM; refer to Part C of this MD&A.




                                             A  28                                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                      Q3 2024 vs. Q3 2023 and Q2 2024                                                                           Year-to-date 2024 vs. 2023

Net earnings




                                                                                                                                                                      PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
$239 million or $1.01 per share, compared with $210 million or                               $679 million or $2.86 per share, compared with $729 million or
$0.88 per share in the corresponding period in 2023, an increase                             $3.06 per share in the corresponding period in 2023, a decrease
of 14.8% on a per share basis, and $217 million or $0.91 per share                           of 6.5% on a per share basis.
in the second quarter of 2024.                                                               Net earnings in 2023 include IGM’s gain of $169 million recognized
                                                                                             on the sale of a portion of its interest in Lifeco to the Corporation.
                                                                                             The Corporation eliminated this gain on consolidation.

Adjusted net earnings
$244 million or $1.03 per share, compared with $220 million or                               $689 million or $2.90 per share, compared with $638 million or
$0.92 per share in the corresponding period in 2023, an increase                             $2.67 per share in the corresponding period in 2023, an increase
of 12.0% on a per share basis, and $221 million or $0.93 per share                           of 8.6% on a per share basis.
in the second quarter of 2024.


Adjusted net earnings exclude Adjustments of a negative earnings impact of $10 million in the nine-month period ended
September 30, 2024, compared with Adjustments of a positive earnings impact of $91 million in the corresponding period in
2023, which included a positive earnings impact of $175 million in the first quarter and a negative earnings impact of
$74 million and $10 million in the second and third quarters, respectively. These Adjustments are not allocated to segments.
The following is a summary of each segment’s net earnings and adjusted net earnings:

WEALTH MANAGEMENT
Adjusted net earnings increased by $7 million to $125 million in the three-month period ended September 30, 2024,
compared with the corresponding quarter in 2023. Adjusted net earnings of Wealth Management include a negative
contribution from strategic investments of $1 million, compared with a contribution of nil in the corresponding quarter of
2023. As well, adjusted net earnings of Wealth Management in the corresponding quarter of 2023 included $5 million of net
earnings of IPC, which IGM has presented as discontinued operations. The contribution to adjusted net earnings from
IG Wealth Management increased by $12 million to $126 million, primarily due to:
  An increase in income from advisory fees of $28 million to $329 million, primarily due to the increase in average assets
     under advisement (AUA) [1] of 13.7%, partially offset by a decrease in the advisory fee rate. The average advisory fee rate
     for the three-month period was 98.4 basis points of average AUA, compared with 102.1 basis points in the corresponding
     quarter in 2023. Fee rates are determined based on client AUA levels and the average rate will fluctuate based on
     changes in a client’s AUA as well as product mix; and                            1




  An increase in income from product and program fees of $28 million to $254 million, primarily due to the increase in
     average assets under management (AUM) [1] of 12.3%. The average product and program fee rate for the three-month
     period was 85.5 basis points of AUM, compared with 85.7 basis points in the corresponding quarter in 2023.
 Partially offset by:
  A decrease in other financial planning revenues of $2 million to $36 million, primarily due to an earnings decline in the
     mortgage banking operations and lower revenues from the distribution of banking products, partially offset by higher
     revenues from the distribution of insurance products. The decrease in earnings from the mortgage banking operations
     was due to negative fair value adjustments;
  An increase in advisory and business development expenses of $24 million to $259 million in the three-month period
     which includes compensation paid to advisors, the majority of which varies directly with asset or sales levels. Asset-based
     compensation increased by $22 million to $170 million, primarily due to increases in AUA and other compensation
     changes. Sales-based compensation payments are based upon the level of new assets contributed to client accounts and
     are capitalized and amortized as they reflect incremental costs to obtain a client contract. Sales-based compensation
     increased by $3 million to $27 million;
  An increase in operations and support expenses of $7 million to $115 million, which includes costs that support wealth
     management and other general and administrative functions such as product management, technology and operations,
     as well as other functional business units and corporate expenses;
  An increase in sub-advisory expenses of $5 million to $49 million, primarily due to changes in assets under management; and
  An increase in income taxes of $4 million to $46 million.




[1] Refer to the section “Other Measures” for a definition of AUM and AUA.


                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                A  29
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       Adjusted net earnings increased by $6 million to $345 million in the nine-month period ended September 30, 2024,
                                       compared with the corresponding period in 2023. Adjusted net earnings of Wealth Management include a negative
                                       contribution from strategic investments of $10 million, compared with a negative contribution of $3 million in the




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       corresponding period in 2023. As well, adjusted net earnings of Wealth Management in the corresponding period in 2023
                                       included $12 million of net earnings of IPC, which IGM has presented as discontinued operations. The contribution to
                                       adjusted net earnings from IG Wealth Management increased by $24 million to $354 million, primarily due to:
                                         An increase in income from advisory fees of $66 million to $953 million, primarily due to the increase in average AUA of
                                           10.8%, partially offset by a decrease in the advisory fee rate. The average advisory fee rate for the nine-month period was
                                           99.2 basis points of average AUA, compared with 102.4 basis points in the corresponding period in 2023;
                                         An increase in income from product and program fees of $64 million to $730 million, primarily due to the increase in
                                           average AUM of 9.3%. The average product and program fee rate for the nine-month period was 85.6 basis points of AUM,
                                           compared with 85.8 basis points in the corresponding period in 2023; and
                                         An increase in other financial planning revenues of $13 million to $112 million, primarily due to higher earnings from
                                           mortgage banking operations and higher revenues from the distribution of insurance products, partially offset by lower
                                           revenues from the distribution of banking products. The increase in earnings from mortgage banking operations was due
                                           to higher interest income on mortgages held prior to securitization, partially offset by the increase in negative fair value
                                           adjustments.
                                        Partially offset by:
                                         An increase in advisory and business development expenses of $70 million to $760 million in the nine-month period.
                                           Asset-based compensation increased by $49 million to $487 million, primarily due to increases in assets under
                                           advisement and other compensation changes. Sales-based compensation increased by $10 million to $77 million. Other
                                           advisory and business development expenses increased by $11 million to $195 million in the nine-month period,
                                           primarily due to higher compensation paid on the distribution of insurance products;
                                         An increase in operations and support expenses of $22 million to $344 million;
                                         An increase in sub-advisory expenses of $12 million to $141 million, primarily due to changes in assets under management;
                                         An increase in interest expense of $5 million to $77 million, which includes allocated interest expense on long-term debt
                                           and interest expense on leases. Long-term debt interest expense is calculated based on an allocation of IGM’s long-term
                                           debt to IG Wealth Management. The allocation of debt increased during the second quarter of 2023, as a result of the
                                           issuance of long-term debt by IGM; and
                                         An increase in income taxes of $8 million to $128 million.

                                       ASSET MANAGEMENT
                                       The Asset Management segment includes the fees received from IGM’s mutual funds, Wealth Management segment and
                                       third parties for investment management services.
                                       Adjusted net earnings increased by $12 million to $91 million in the three-month period ended September 30, 2024,
                                       compared with the corresponding quarter in 2023. Adjusted net earnings of Asset Management include a positive
                                       contribution of $32 million from strategic investments, compared with $22 million in the corresponding quarter in 2023. The
                                       adjusted net earnings of Mackenzie increased by $3 million to $59 million, primarily due to:
                                         An increase in net asset management fees, which is asset management fees offset by dealer compensation expenses, of
                                           $11 million to $199 million. Net asset management fees – third party were $168 million, an increase of $9 million
                                           compared with the corresponding quarter in 2023, primarily due to an increase in the average AUM of 8.8%, partially
                                           offset by a decrease in the net asset management fee rate. Mackenzie’s net asset management fee rate was 52.9 basis
                                           points for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared with 54.8 basis points in the corresponding quarter
                                           in 2023. Asset management fees – Wealth Management were $31 million, an increase of $2 million from the
                                           corresponding quarter in 2023; and
                                         An increase in net investment income and other of $3 million to $5 million. Net investment income and other primarily
                                           includes investment returns related to Mackenzie’s investments in proprietary funds, which are generally made in the
                                           process of launching a fund and are sold as third-party investors subscribe;
                                         Partially offset by an increase in expenses of $9 million to $116 million, primarily due to an increase in operations and
                                           support expenses of $8 million in the three-month period. Operations and support expenses include costs associated
                                           with business operations, including technology and business processes, in-house investment management and product
                                           shelf management, corporate management and support functions. These expenses primarily reflect compensation,
                                           technology and other service provider expenses.




                                           A  30                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


Adjusted net earnings increased by $30 million to $263 million in the nine-month period ended September 30, 2024,
compared with the corresponding period in 2023. Adjusted net earnings of Asset Management include a positive contribution
of $90 million from strategic investments, compared with $78 million in the corresponding period in 2023. The adjusted net




                                                                                                                                                                       PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
earnings of Mackenzie increased by $18 million to $173 million, primarily due to:
   An increase in net asset management fees, which is asset management fees offset by dealer compensation expenses, of
       $22 million to $579 million. Net asset management fees – third party were $489 million, an increase of $19 million
       compared with the corresponding period in 2023, primarily due to an increase in the average AUM of 6.4%, partially
       offset by a decrease in the net asset management fee rate. Mackenzie’s net asset management fee rate was 53.0 basis
       points for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared with 54.5 basis points in the corresponding period in
       2023. Asset management fees – Wealth Management were $89 million, an increase of $4 million from the corresponding
       period in 2023; and
   An increase in net investment income and other of $8 million to $16 million.
  Partially offset by:
   An increase in expenses of $6 million to $340 million, primarily due to an increase in operations and support expenses
       of $5 million; and
   An increase in income taxes of $6 million to $62 million.

ASSETS UNDER MANAGEMENT AND ADVISEMENT
AUA are a key performance indicator for the Wealth Management segment.
AUM are the key driver of the Asset Management segment and an additional driver of revenues and expenses within the
Wealth Management segment in relation to its investment management activities.
Total assets under management and advisement (AUM&A) were as follows:
                                                                                                       September 30,            June 30,   September 30,    June 30,
(In billions of dollars)                                                                                      2024                 2024           2023         2023

Wealth Management [1]
  IG Wealth Management AUM                                                                                      120.8            114.7            101.9       104.8
  IG Wealth Management other AUA                                                                                  15.6             15.0            12.3        12.0
Assets under advisement                                                                                         136.4            129.7            114.2       116.8
Asset Management
  Third-party AUM                                                                                               128.5            122.7            112.0       116.6
  Sub-advisory and AUM to Wealth Management                                                                       83.6             79.4            74.3        76.7
Assets under management                                                                                         212.1            202.1            186.3       193.3
Consolidated [1][2]
  Assets under management                                                                                       249.3            237.4            215.2       222.6
  Assets under management and advisement [3]                                                                    264.9            252.4            227.4       234.7
[1] Excludes AUM and AUM&A of IPC, reported as discontinued operations by IGM in 2023; comparative information presented has been restated to exclude IPC.
[2] Represents the consolidated AUM&A of IGM. In the Wealth Management segment, assets under management is a component part of assets under advisement. All
    instances where the Asset Management segment is providing investment management services or distributing its products through the Wealth Management segment
    are eliminated in IGM’s reporting such that there is no double counting of the same client savings held at IGM’s operating companies.
[3] Includes adjustment representing the elimination of double counting where business is reflected within multiple segments.




                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                              A  31
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       Total average assets under management and advisement were as follows:
                                                                                                                                                                     2024                                        2023
                                       (In billions of dollars)                                                                           Q3             Q2            Q1              Q4          Q3      Q2      Q1




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                   [1]
                                       Wealth Management
                                         IG Wealth Management AUA                                                                      132.9         128.1         124.0           117.1         116.9   116.1   114.7
                                         IG Wealth Management AUM                                                                      117.7         113.5         110.0           104.2         104.7   104.2   103.3
                                       Asset Management
                                         Third-party AUM                                                                               125.7         122.8         121.0           114.1         115.5   116.3   115.7
                                         Total AUM                                                                                     207.5         201.8         198.9           189.3         191.9   193.1   192.0
                                                          [1][2]
                                       Consolidated
                                         Assets under management                                                                       243.4         236.3         231.0           219.2         221.5   221.8   220.2
                                                                                             [3]
                                         Assets under management and advisement                                                        258.6         250.9         245.0           232.1         233.7   233.6   231.6
                                       [1] Excludes AUM and AUM&A of IPC, reported as discontinued operations by IGM in 2023; comparative information presented has been restated to exclude IPC.
                                       [2] Represents the consolidated AUM&A of IGM. All instances where the Asset Management segment is providing investment management services or distributing its
                                           products through the Wealth Management segment are eliminated in IGM’s reporting such that there is no double counting of the same client savings held at IGM’s
                                           operating companies.
                                       [3] Includes adjustment representing the elimination of double counting where business is reflected within multiple segments.



                                       ADJUSTMENTS
                                       Adjustments are items excluded from net earnings in the determination of adjusted net earnings by IGM’s management.
                                       In the first three quarters of 2024, Adjustments with a negative earnings impact of $10 million after tax consisted of:
                                          In the third quarter of 2024, adjusted net earnings excluded a negative impact of $5 million related to IGM’s proportionate
                                              share of Lifeco’s adjustments.
                                          In the second quarter of 2024, adjusted net earnings excluded a negative impact of $4 million after tax ($4 million pre-
                                              tax), comprised of:
                                                 IGM’s proportionate share of Rockefeller’s one-time debt refinancing costs of $3 million, related to the early
                                                    repayment of one of Rockefeller’s financing facilities; and
                                                 IGM’s proportionate share of Lifeco’s adjustments of $1 million.
                                          In the first quarter of 2024, adjusted net earnings excluded a negative impact of $1 million related to IGM’s proportionate
                                              share of Lifeco’s adjustments.
                                       In the first three quarters of 2023, Adjustments with a net positive earnings impact of $91 million after tax consisted of:
                                          In the third quarter of 2023, adjusted net earnings excluded a negative impact of $10 million related to IGM’s
                                              proportionate share of Lifeco’s adjustments.
                                          In the second quarter of 2023, adjusted net earnings excluded a negative impact of $74 million after tax ($100 million
                                              pre-tax), comprised of:
                                                 Restructuring and other charges of $76 million after tax ($103 million pre-tax), related to further streamlining and
                                                    simplifying IGM’s operating model to better align with its business priorities.
                                                 A decrease of $6 million after tax ($6 million pre-tax) recorded on a prospective basis related to the gain recognized
                                                    by IGM in the first quarter on the sale of a portion of its investment in Lifeco to the Corporation. The Corporation has
                                                    not included the amount of the gain on the sale of Lifeco in its Adjustments as this gain was eliminated on
                                                    consolidation.
                                                 An adjustment related to Lifeco’s IFRS 17 impact of $15 million after tax ($15 million pre-tax), representing a change
                                                    in estimate which IGM recorded on a prospective basis. This adjustment has been eliminated by the Corporation on
                                                    consolidation in the effect of consolidation.
                                                 IGM’s proportionate share of Lifeco’s adjustments of $6 million after tax.
                                          In the first quarter of 2023, adjusted net earnings excluded a positive impact of $175 million after tax ($179 million pre-
                                              tax) related to IGM’s sale of a portion of its investment in Lifeco to the Corporation. The Corporation has not included the
                                              amount of the gain on the sale of Lifeco in its Adjustments as this gain was eliminated on consolidation.


                                       The information above has been derived from IGM’s interim and most recent Annual MD&A; see Part C of this MD&A for
                                       additional information on IGM’s interim results. IGM’s interim and most recent Annual MD&A are available under its profile
                                       on SEDAR+ (www.sedarplus.ca).




                                             A  32                                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


GBL

OVER VIEW OF THE BUS INES S




                                                                                                                                                                    PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
GBL is an established investment holding company. As a leading and active investor in Europe, GBL is focused on long-term
value creation with the support of a stable family shareholder base and considers ESG factors as being inextricably linked to
value creation. GBL aims to grow its diversified high-quality portfolio of listed, private and alternative investments. GBL
Capital, the group’s alternative assets activity, provides additional sources of diversification to GBL’s portfolio. In addition,
GBL is developing its third-party asset management activity through Sienna Investment Managers, a wholly owned subsidiary.
GBL’s portfolio is composed of global companies, leaders in their sectors, in which GBL can contribute to value creation by
being an active professional investor.
At September 30, 2024, GBL’s portfolio was mainly comprised of the following investments (% equity ownership):

PUBLICLY LISTED
     Imerys (EPA: NK) (54.7%) – industrial mineral-based specialty                                 Umicore (EBR: UMI) (15.9%) – automotive catalysts, cathode
      solutions                                                                                      materials for batteries and precious metals recycling
     SGS (SIX: SGSN) (19.1%) – testing, inspection and certification                               Concentrix (NASDAQ: CNXC) (13.5%) – global provider of
      solutions                                                                                      customer experience (CX) solutions and technologies
     Pernod Ricard (EPA: RI) (6.8%) – spirits                                                      Ontex (EBR: ONTEX) (19.98%) – provider of personal hygiene
     adidas (XETR: ADS) (5.1%) – design, development and distribution                               solutions
      of sporting goods


PRIVATELY HELD
     Affidea (99.0%) – provider of advanced diagnostics and                                        Parques Reunidos (23.0%) – operator of leisure parks
      outpatient services                                                                           Voodoo (15.1%) – developer and publisher of mobile games
     Sanoptis (83.2%) – provider of ophthalmology services
     Canyon (48.8%) – direct-to-consumer manufacturer of
      premium bicycles


Through GBL Capital and Sienna Investment Managers, GBL has expanded its activities into alternative asset management
and is developing an alternative investment portfolio including investments in funds externally managed and direct co-
investments in private equity, and offers a full range of investment strategies with a strong ESG focus through its multi-
expertise third-party asset managers. Strategies managed include listed assets, private equity, private credit, venture capital
and real estate.
GBL reported a net asset value (refer to the section “Other Measures”) at September 30, 2024 of €16,330 million or
€117.99 per share, compared with €16,671 million or €113.64 per share at December 31, 2023.
GBL’s financial results and other disclosures are derived from publicly disclosed information, as issued by GBL in its third
quarter of 2024 press release and its half-year report at June 30, 2024. Further information on GBL’s results is available on its
website (www.gbl.com).




                                P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                 A  33
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       2024 DEVELOPMENTS
                                          Portfolio rotation: During the first three quarters of 2024, GBL continued to rotate its portfolio, and completed the
                                               disposal of a portion of its interest in adidas, reducing its interest from 7.6% at December 31, 2023 to 5.1% at




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                               September 30, 2024, generating total proceeds of approximately €1.0 billion and a net capital gain of €630 million for
                                               GBL (no impact on the net consolidated result in accordance with IFRS 9). Subsequent to quarter-end, GBL further
                                               completed the disposal of a portion of its interest in adidas, reducing its interest to 3.5% following the maturity of forward
                                               sales, generating total proceeds of €653 million and a net capital gain of €422 million.
                                          Dividend increase: In July 2024, GBL announced that it will propose a dividend of €5.00 per share for fiscal year 2024, an
                                               increase of 82.0%, funded from its cash earnings and gains on disposals of a portion of its interest in adidas. The proposed
                                               dividend reflects its dividend policy which allows the distribution of a portion of capital gains on disposals and is subject
                                               to approval at GBL’s General Shareholders’ Meeting in May 2025.
                                          Share repurchases: During the first three quarters of 2024, GBL repurchased, directly and through its subsidiaries,
                                               2.8 million shares of its own capital for a total consideration of €190 million. During the second quarter of 2024, GBL
                                               cancelled 8.3 million of its treasury shares.

                                       R ES U LTS

                                       Contribution to Power Corporation
                                                                                                                                                                 Three months ended                        Nine months ended
                                                                                                                               September 30,              June 30,      September 30,           September 30,   September 30,
                                                                                                                                      2024                   2024              2023                    2024            2023

                                       Average direct ownership (%) [1]                                                                   16.5                16.1                 15.5                 16.0            15.2
                                       Contribution to net earnings                                                                        (62)                  21                 315                   13             424


                                       Total dividend received [2]                                                                                                                                        92              92


                                                                                                                                                                                                September 30,   December 31,
                                       As at                                                                                                                                                           2024           2023

                                       Contribution to holding company balance sheets
                                         Investment in GBL, carrying value                                                                                                                             3,829           3,717
                                         % of total holding company assets                                                                                                                              13.8            13.8

                                         Investment in GBL, fair value                                                                                                                                 2,319           2,295
                                         % of total holding company assets, at fair value                                                                                                                5.4             5.7

                                       [1] Average direct ownership presented does not consider the effect of the treasury shares held by GBL. The average economic ownership including the effect of treasury
                                           shares was 17.9% for the three-month period ended September 30, 2024 (17.1% in the third quarter of 2023).
                                       [2] Total dividend received from Parjointco was €62 million for the period ended September 30, 2024, compared with €63 million for the period ended September 30, 2023.




                                               A  34                                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




Contribution to net earnings (loss) as reported by GBL




                                                                                                                                                                                          PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                                                 Three months ended                Nine months ended
                                                                                             September 30,              June 30,        September 30,   September 30,    September 30,
(in millions of euros)                                                                              2024                   2024                2023            2024             2023

Share of earnings (loss) of associates and consolidated operating
 companies of:
     Imerys                                                                                             (157)                    40               21             (79)              101
     Parques Reunidos/Piolin II                                                                           25                      (5)             33               (7)              1
     Canyon                                                                                                 −                     3                1               −                −
     Sanoptis                                                                                              (9)                   (18)            (31)            (39)              (32)
     Affidea                                                                                               (3)                    (5)            (18)            (16)              (33)
     Webhelp                                                                                                −                     −                5               −               14
     GBL Capital and Sienna Investment Managers                                                             5                    (16)              6              19               14
                                                                                                        (139)                     (1)             17            (122)              65
Net dividends from investments:
     SGS                                                                                                    −                     −                −             126               118
     Pernod Ricard                                                                                          −                    41                −              41               35
     Umicore                                                                                                9                    22                9              31               31
     Concentrix                                                                                             2                     3                −               9                −
     adidas                                                                                                 −                     6                −               6                8
     Holcim                                                                                                 −                     −                −               −               34
     GEA                                                                                                    −                     −                −               −               10
     Other                                                                                                  1                     −                1               1                2
                                                                                                          12                     72               10             214               238
Other financial income (expenses)
     Derivatives associated with exchangeable and
      convertible bonds                                                                                     −                     1               36               2               71
     Change in value of liability to Webhelp’s minority shareholders                                        −                     −              (37)              −               107
     Other financial income (expenses)                                                                   (57)                    54               34              51               176
                                                                                                         (57)                    55               33              53               354
Other operating income (expenses)
     Change in value of liability for Webhelp’s employee
      incentive plan                                                                                        −                     −              (36)              −             (112)
     Other operating income (expenses)                                                                   (42)                    (41)            (28)           (120)              (82)
                                                                                                         (42)                    (41)            (64)           (120)            (194)
Gains (losses) from disposals, impairments and reversals of
 non-current assets                                                                                       12                      −            1,292              42            1,294
Interest income (expenses)                                                                               (10)                     1              (12)            (11)              (31)
Taxes                                                                                                       −                     (1)              −               (1)              −
                         [1][2]
Net earnings (loss)                                                                                     (224)                    85            1,276              55            1,726
[1] Described as “IFRS consolidated net result” in GBL’s publicly disclosed information.
[2] Attributable to GBL shareholders.



                         Q3 2024 vs. Q3 2023 and Q2 2024                                                                         Year-to-date 2024 vs. 2023

Net earnings (loss)
Net loss of €224 million, compared with net earnings of €1,276 million                        Net earnings of €55 million, compared with net earnings of
in the corresponding period in 2023, and net earnings of €85 million                          €1,726 million in the corresponding period in 2023.
in the second quarter of 2024.                                                                GBL’s net earnings in the third quarter of 2023 included a gain
                                                                                              recognized on the deconsolidation of Webhelp of €1.3 billion, including
                                                                                              the reversal of the liability to Webhelp’s minority shareholders.




                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                             A  35
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       For the three-month period ended September 30, 2024, the net loss was €224 million, compared with net earnings of
                                       €1,276 million in the corresponding quarter in 2023. The decrease in net earnings of €1,500 million was mainly due to:
                                         A decrease in the contribution from gains (losses) from disposals, impairments and reversals of non-current assets of




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                           €1,280 million to a contribution to GBL of €12 million, compared with a contribution of €1,292 million for the
                                           corresponding quarter in 2023. In the three-month period ended September 30, 2023, GBL recognized a gain on the
                                           deconsolidation of Webhelp of €1.3 billion following the closing of the transaction with Concentrix. The gain on
                                           deconsolidation of Webhelp included the reversal of the liability to Webhelp’s minority shareholders, which was
                                           extinguished on closing of the transaction;
                                         A decrease in the contribution from Imerys to GBL’s earnings of €178 million to a contribution to GBL of negative
                                           €157 million, compared with a positive contribution of €21 million for the corresponding quarter in 2023. In the third
                                           quarter of 2024, Imerys disposed of its assets serving the paper market, resulting in a non-cash loss of €302 million from
                                           the reclassification of the related cumulative translation adjustment in earnings (mainly arising from the devaluation of
                                           the Brazilian real). GBL’s share of this loss was €166 million;
                                         A decrease in the contribution from other financial income of €90 million to a negative contribution to GBL of €57 million
                                           in the three-month period ended September 30, 2024, compared with a positive contribution of €33 million in the
                                           corresponding quarter in 2023. The decrease in other financial income is primarily due to:
                                              A net decrease in the fair value of GBL Capital’s investments in alternative funds and direct co-investments in private
                                                equity classified as FVPL of €54 million, compared with a net increase in fair value of €24 million in the corresponding
                                                quarter in 2023;
                                              The third quarter of 2023 included a gain on marking to market derivatives associated with the exchangeable and
                                                convertible bonds issued by GBL of €36 million; and
                                              The third quarter of 2023 included a negative impact of €37 million related to the increase in the liability to Webhelp’s
                                                minority shareholders, which was extinguished on closing of the transaction with Concentrix in 2023.
                                         A decrease in the contribution from Piolin II S.à.r.l. to GBL’s earnings of €8 million to a contribution to GBL of €25 million,
                                           compared with a contribution of €33 million for the corresponding quarter in 2023.
                                        Partially offset by:
                                         A decrease in other operating expenses of €22 million to €42 million. Other operating expenses in the three-month
                                           period ended September 30, 2024 includes an expense of €10 million related to a new carried interest program
                                           implemented in January 2024. The third quarter of 2023 included a negative impact of €36 million related to the increase
                                           in liabilities recorded for Webhelp’s employee incentive plan, which was extinguished at the closing of the transaction
                                           with Concentrix in 2023;
                                         A decrease in the negative contribution from Sanoptis to GBL’s earnings of €22 million to a contribution to GBL of
                                           negative €9 million, compared with a negative contribution of €31 million for the corresponding quarter in 2023; and
                                         A decrease in the negative contribution from Affidea to GBL’s earnings of €15 million to a contribution to GBL of negative
                                           €3 million, compared with a contribution of negative €18 million for the corresponding quarter in 2023.
                                       For the nine-month period ended September 30, 2024, net earnings were €55 million, compared with net earnings of
                                       €1,726 million in the corresponding period in 2023. The decrease in net earnings of €1,671 million was mainly due to:
                                         A decrease in the contribution from gains (losses) from disposals, impairments and reversals of non-current assets of
                                           €1,252 million to a contribution to GBL of €42 million, compared with a contribution of €1,294 million in the
                                           corresponding period in 2023. The contribution in the nine-month period ended September 30, 2024 included a gain
                                           recognized in the first quarter of 2024 related to the sale of one investment by GBL Capital. In the nine-month period
                                           ended September 30, 2023, GBL recognized a gain of €1.3 billion on the deconsolidation of Webhelp, as described in
                                           the three-month period above;
                                         A decrease in the contribution from other financial income of €301 million to a positive contribution to GBL of €53 million
                                           in the nine-month period ended September 30, 2024, compared with a positive contribution of €354 million in the
                                           corresponding period in 2023. The decrease in other financial income is primarily due to:
                                              A gain of €2 million on marking to market derivatives associated with the exchangeable and convertible bonds issued
                                                by GBL, compared with a gain of €71 million in the corresponding period in 2023;
                                              A net increase in the fair value of GBL Capital’s investments in alternative funds and direct co-investments in private
                                                equity classified as FVPL of €66 million, compared with a net increase in fair value of €126 million in the
                                                corresponding period in 2023;
                                              A loss of €20 million on the mark to market of the Concentrix earnout shares; and
                                              The nine-month period ended September 30, 2023 included a positive impact of €107 million related to the
                                                decrease in the liability to Webhelp’s minority shareholders, which was extinguished on closing of the transaction
                                                with Concentrix in 2023.
                                         A decrease in the contribution from Imerys to GBL’s earnings of €180 million to a contribution to GBL of negative
                                           €79 million, compared with a positive contribution of €101 million for the corresponding period in 2023. The decrease
                                           in the contribution from Imerys to GBL’s earnings is due to the same reason described in the three-month period above;


                                           A  36                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


  A decrease in dividends of €24 million to €214 million, mainly due to a decrease in the dividend received from Holcim
    and GEA, partially offset by an increase in dividends received from Concentrix, SGS and Pernod Ricard;
  A decrease in the contribution from Webhelp of €14 million as it was deconsolidated in the third quarter of 2023 following




                                                                                                                                                                              PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
    the closing of the transaction with Concentrix;
  A decrease in the contribution from Piolin II S.à.r.l. to GBL’s earnings of €8 million to a contribution to GBL of negative
    €7 million, compared with a positive contribution of €1 million for the corresponding period in 2023; and
  A decrease in the contribution from Sanoptis to GBL’s earnings of €7 million to a contribution to GBL of negative
    €39 million, compared with a negative contribution of €32 million for the corresponding period in 2023.
 Partially offset by:
  A decrease in other operating expenses of €74 million to €120 million. Other operating expenses in the nine-month
    period ended September 30, 2024 includes an expense of €27 million related to the carried interest program described
    in the three-month period above. The nine-month period of 2023 included an increase in liabilities recorded for
    Webhelp’s employee incentive plan of €112 million, which was extinguished at the closing of the transaction with
    Concentrix in 2023;
  A decrease in the negative contribution from Affidea to GBL’s earnings of €17 million to a contribution to GBL of negative
    €16 million, compared with a contribution of negative €33 million for the corresponding period in 2023; and
  An increase in the contribution from investments consolidated or accounted for using the equity method by GBL Capital
    and Sienna Investment Managers of €5 million to a contribution to GBL’s earnings of €19 million, compared with a
    contribution of €14 million for the corresponding period in 2023.

Average Exchange Rates
The average exchange rates for the three-month and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 were as follows:
                                                                                                       Three months ended                                 Nine months ended
                                                                       September 30,      September 30,                         September 30,   September 30,
                                                                              2024               2023              Change %            2024            2023       Change %

Euro/CAD                                                                       1.4984             1.4593                  2.7         1.4784          1.4576            1.4



The information above has been derived from GBL’s publicly disclosed financial information, as issued by GBL in its third
quarter of 2024 press release and its half-year report at June 30, 2024. Further information on GBL’s results is available on its
website (www.gbl.com).


OTHER COMPONENTS OF EARNINGS

Sagard and Power Sustainable
The Corporation, through its alternative asset investment platforms, Sagard and Power Sustainable, continues to develop
alternative asset management businesses which build upon the investment capabilities that have been created over many
years in several high-growth asset classes. The alternative asset investment platforms are focused on growing their asset
management businesses through raising third-party capital as well as the expansion of strategies and asset classes:
  Sagard is a multi-strategy alternative asset management firm with professionals principally located in Canada, the U.S.,
    Europe and the Middle East. Sagard has active strategies in venture capital, private equity, private credit and real estate.
    Sagard also engages in private wealth management and holds strategic interests in other alternative asset management
    businesses. Sagard looks to generate attractive returns by matching investment opportunities with flexible capital
    solutions and pairing entrepreneurs with teams that have deep industry knowledge.
  Power Sustainable is a sustainability-focused investment manager with offices in Canada and the U.S. Power Sustainable
    finances companies and projects aiming for both competitive returns and positive sustainability outcomes, and offers
    institutional investors exposure to alternative assets which aim to accelerate and scale sustainable solutions across
    multiple industries. Power Sustainable is currently comprised of three strategies: Power Sustainable Energy Infrastructure,
    Power Sustainable Infrastructure Credit and Power Sustainable Lios (agri-food).
Sagard and Power Sustainable comprise the results of the investment platforms, which include income earned from asset
management and investing activities. Earnings from asset management activities include income earned from management
fees and carried interest, net of investment platform expenses. Earnings from investing activities comprise income earned on
the capital invested by the Corporation (proprietary capital) in the investment funds managed by each platform and the share
of earnings (losses) of controlled and consolidated subsidiaries held within the investment platforms.




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                         A  37
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       2024 DEVELOPMENTS

                                       Sagard




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                         In January 2024, SHMI completed the previously announced transaction to acquire a strategic interest in Performance
                                           Equity Management, LLC (PEM), a global, multi-product, private equity investment firm. Sagard’s investment in PEM
                                           marks its establishment of a fund of funds, secondary and co-investment platform. The agreement includes a path for
                                           Sagard to acquire all of the remaining equity of PEM on December 31, 2028. Upon the closing of the transaction, the
                                           Corporation has determined that it has control of PEM, through Sagard, in accordance with IFRS 10, Consolidated
                                           Financial Statements. As a result, the Corporation has consolidated PEM on the date of the acquisition. PEM had
                                           $12.1 billion (US$9.0 billion) of assets under management at September 30, 2024.
                                         On March 8, 2024, SHMI completed the acquisition of a 40% interest and strategic partnership with HalseyPoint Asset
                                           Management, LLC (HalseyPoint), a U.S.-based collateralized loan obligations (CLO) manager. The HalseyPoint CLO
                                           strategy broadens Sagard’s credit offering, which includes opportunistic credit and senior lending products across North
                                           America. Upon the closing of the transaction, the Corporation has determined that it has joint control of HalseyPoint,
                                           through Sagard. As a result, the Corporation’s investment in HalseyPoint is accounted for using the equity method.
                                           HalseyPoint had $4.2 billion (US$3.1 billion) of assets under management at September 30, 2024.
                                         In the second quarter of 2024, Sagard and Export Development Canada (EDC) announced a strategic partnership
                                           including EDC’s commitment of US$250 million into Sagard’s strategies. Sagard and EDC have committed to a partnership
                                           to share their ecosystem connections and expertise with the objective of helping Canadian companies access the capital
                                           and resources necessary to scale and export their products and services. EDC is expected to deploy this commitment
                                           over the next 3 years.

                                       Power Sustainable
                                         In the first quarter of 2024, Power Sustainable made a strategic decision as part of the realignment of its management
                                           business to wind down its China public equity strategy, which included the closing of its investment management
                                           operations in China. Power Sustainable is focused on growing its alternative asset management business primarily
                                           through fundraising third-party capital, and will reallocate resources to other strategies which are well positioned to raise
                                           capital and meet investors’ needs. During the period ended September 30, 2024, the investments managed through the
                                           China public equity strategy were liquidated and returned to investors accordingly. Power Sustainable recognized a
                                           restructuring charge of $14 million in the nine-month period ended September 30, 2024 related to this realignment.
                                           The Corporation remains invested in China with investments in mainland China’s public equity markets through its
                                           Qualified Foreign Institutional Investor (QFII) licence. The Power group of companies also remains invested in China
                                           through IGM’s 27.8% strategic investment in ChinaAMC. The Corporation will continue to explore opportunities to deploy
                                           capital that are in line with its strategy to maximize value and meet return objectives.
                                         On May 6, 2024, Power Sustainable and Lifeco jointly announced that they had entered into a new long-term strategic
                                           partnership. Under the transaction, Lifeco became a minority shareholder in the management business of PSM, with an
                                           ownership interest of slightly below 20% on a fully diluted basis, and agreed to invest in certain funds across Power
                                           Sustainable’s investment strategies in the future. This ongoing relationship will enable Power Sustainable to accelerate its
                                           growth and market penetration in sustainable private equity and infrastructure, while supporting Lifeco’s value creation
                                           strategy as part of a responsible transition. As part of the transaction, management of PSM acquired an interest of 4.5% and
                                           the Corporation’s interest in PSM decreased to 74.7% at the close of the transaction. The transaction did not have a
                                           significant impact on the Corporation’s consolidated statements of earnings and balance sheets.




                                           A  38                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


CONTRIBU TION TO POWER COR POR ATION
Summary of Adjusted and net earnings (loss) from Sagard and Power Sustainable:




                                                                                                                                                                                        PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                                               Three months ended                Nine months ended
                                                                                          September 30,               June 30,       September 30,    September 30,    September 30,
                                                                                                 2024                    2024               2023             2024             2023

Contribution to Power Corporation’s:
  Adjusted net earnings (loss)
    Asset management activities
       Sagard                                                                                            6                     1                (6)              6               (29)
       Power Sustainable                                                                               (24)                (18)               (15)              (56)             (36)
    Investing activities (proprietary capital)
       Sagard                                                                                           (6)                    26               2               26               19
       Power Sustainable                                                                               (16)                    (9)              6               (44)             (10)
                                                                                                       (40)                    −              (13)              (68)             (56)
  Adjustments
       Power Sustainable                                                                               (25)                    (5)              2                (7)             (40)
Net earnings (loss)                                                                                    (65)                    (5)            (11)              (75)             (96)



The following sections discuss the overview and results of the asset management and investing activities of the investment
platforms.

ASSET MANAGEMENT ACTIVITIES

Overview of the businesses

SAGARD
At September 30, 2024, Sagard had $36.2 billion (US$26.8 billion) of assets under management ($21.3 billion (US$16.1 billion)
at December 31, 2023), including unfunded commitments (refer to the section “Other Measures”), across four asset classes:
venture capital, private equity, private credit and real estate, including $1.3 billion through its private wealth investment platform
($1.5 billion at December 31, 2023). At September 30, 2024, assets under management include $4.7 billion (US$3.5 billion) and
$7.4 billion (US$5.5 billion) managed through PEM’s fund of funds, direct investment funds and separately managed accounts,
and are presented within the venture capital and private equity assets classes, respectively.
Sagard manages assets within funds, separately managed accounts and co-investment vehicles. The composition of the assets
under management by strategy is as follows:
                                                                                                                                                September 30,          December 31,
(In billions of dollars)                                                                                                                               2024                  2023

Venture Capital [1][2]                                                                                                                                  10.5                     3.8
Private Equity                                                                                                                                          12.0                     4.2
                   [3]
Private Credit                                                                                                                                           5.9                     5.1
Real Estate                                                                                                                                              6.6                     6.7
        [4]
Other                                                                                                                                                    1.2                     1.5

Assets under management                                                                                                                                 36.2                   21.3
    Power Corporation                                                                                                                                     1.9                    1.6

    Third parties and associated companies [5]                                                                                                          34.3                   19.7

Fee-bearing capital [6][7]                                                                                                                              24.0                   14.0
    Power Corporation                                                                                                                                     1.0                    1.0

    Third parties and associated companies [5]                                                                                                          23.0                   13.0

[1] Formerly Venture Capital & Growth.
[2] Includes inter-fund eliminations of Portage Ventures I and Portage Ventures II interests in the Diagram Funds within the Venture Capital asset class.
[3] Includes Sagard Healthcare Partners. Comparative information has been reclassified to conform with the current presentation.
[4] Includes assets managed through its private wealth investment platform, as well as inter-fund eliminations between the private wealth investment platform
     and other asset classes.
[5] Associated companies includes commitments from management, as well as commitments from Lifeco, IGM and GBL.
[6] Refer to the section “Other Measures”.
[7] Excludes the fee bearing capital of Sagard’s private wealth investment platform of $1.2 billion at September 30, 2024 ($1.4 billion at December 31, 2023).



                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                             A  39
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       Sagard’s weighted average management fee rate (refer to the section “Other Measures”) was 0.96% for the three-month
                                       period ended September 30, 2024, compared with 1.22% in the corresponding quarter in 2023. The decrease is primarily
                                       due to the change in the composition of assets under management and related fee rates following the acquisition of PEM, a




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       fund of funds manager, in the first quarter of 2024.
                                       Sagard’s weighted average management fee rate (refer to the section “Other Measures”) was 1.02% for the nine-month period
                                       ended September 30, 2024, compared with 1.28% in the corresponding period in 2023. The decrease is primarily due to the
                                       same reasons discussed in the three-month period above.
                                       The following table summarizes the funds managed by Sagard and the Corporation’s interests in each of the funds:
                                       September 30, 2024                                                                                                         Interest held                             Manager compensation
                                       (in millions; except as                                                    Capital              Power Associated                                                                   Carried
                                          otherwise noted)                           Currency        Vintage commitments          Corporation companies [1] Third parties           Fees [2]                            interest [3]
                                                                                                                           ($)              (%)             (%)             (%)                 (%)                             (% )

                                       Venture Capital
                                       Portage Ventures I [4][5]                        C$             2016              472               38.1           61.9                −                2.00 Invested capital         10.0
                                       Portage Ventures II [4][6]                       C$             2018              427               12.4           16.8            70.8                 2.00 Invested capital         20.0
                                       Portage Ventures III                            US$             2021              655                2.4           15.3            82.3                 2.25 Committed capital        20.0
                                       Portage Ventures IV [7]                         US$             2024              359                7.0           19.5            73.5                 2.50 Committed capital        20.0
                                       Portage Capital Solutions [7]                   US$             2022              476               31.5           30.1            38.4                 2.00 Committed capital        20.0
                                       Diagram Funds [8]                                C$       2016-2023               400               17.7           17.5            64.8       1.00-2.50 Committed capital         nil-20.0
                                       PEM Venture Capital (PVC)
                                         PEM-PVC I                                     US$             2005              650                  −            0.3           99.7                   nil Committed capital          5.0
                                         PEM-PVC II-III                                US$      2008-2014                833                  −            0.7           99.3       0.38-0.50 Committed capital                5.0
                                         PEM-PVC IV-V                                  US$      2018-2022                473                  −            2.5           97.5       0.30-0.95 Committed capital                5.0
                                         PEM-PVC VI [7]                                US$             2024                98                 −            1.0           99.0       0.30-0.95 Committed capital                5.0
                                       Private Equity
                                       Sagard Private Equity Canada                     C$             2021              407                3.7           13.7            82.6                 2.00 Committed capital        20.0
                                       Sagard MidCap II [6]                              €             2006              728               22.4           25.6            51.9                 1.75 Invested capital         20.0
                                       Sagard MidCap 3 [6][9]                            €             2013              729                0.2           21.5            78.3                 2.00 Invested capital         20.0
                                       Sagard MidCap 4                                   €             2020              815               18.6           21.7            59.7                 1.75 Committed capital        20.0
                                       Sagard NewGen                                     €             2020              313                6.0           12.6            81.4                 2.00 Committed capital        20.0
                                       PEM Direct Investment (PDI)
                                         PEM-PDI III-IV                                US$      2014-2019                474                  −            2.4           97.6              1.00 Invested capital             10.0
                                         PEM-PDI V [7][9]                              US$             2024              194              15.5             1.0           83.5              1.00 Committed capital            10.0
                                       Private Credit
                                       Sagard Credit Partners I                        US$             2017              557               18.0             1.0           81.0                 1.50 Invested capital         15.0
                                       Sagard Credit Partners II                       US$             2020            1,167                4.3             5.2           90.5                 1.50 Invested capital         20.0
                                       Sagard Senior Lending Partners                  US$             2022              501                  −           20.8            79.2                 1.25 Invested capital         15.0
                                       Sagard Private Credit [7][10]                    C$             2024                50              49.8               −           50.2       1.00-1.30 Net asset value               15.0
                                       Sagard Healthcare Partners [7][11]              US$             2019            1,026               10.3             0.5           89.2       1.50-1.75 Committed capital             20.0
                                       Real Estate
                                       USPF [7][10]                                    US$             2002              892                1.7           23.8            74.5       0.75-0.98 Net asset value                   −
                                       [1] Associated companies includes commitments from management as well as commitments from Lifeco ($33 million in Portage Ventures II, US$59 million in Portage
                                           Ventures III, US$60 million in Portage Ventures IV, US$143 million in Portage Capital Solutions, $50 million in SPEC, €50 million in Sagard MidCap 4, US$50 million in
                                           Sagard Credit Partners II, US$101 million in SSLP, and US$212 million in USPF), IGM ($33 million in Portage Ventures II, US$26 million in Portage Ventures III and
                                           US$10 million in Portage Ventures IV), Pargesa (€33 million in Sagard MidCap II), and GBL (€102 million in Sagard MidCap II, €153 million in Sagard MidCap 3,
                                           €105 million in Sagard MidCap 4 and €15 million in Sagard NewGen). Lifeco and IGM have invested $27 million and $265 million, respectively, in Portage Ventures I.
                                       [2] Represents the base management fees. The management fees presented for the PEM-PVC funds represent the range of base fees over the remaining life of each fund.
                                       [3] Represents the base carried interest for each fund. Sagard will receive an allocation of carried interest for the PEM funds with vintage years subsequent to its acquisition in 2024.
                                           Carried interest for Sagard Private Credit is realized on a quarterly basis when investment returns exceed a predetermined hurdle rate, and is not subject to clawback.
                                       [4] Includes an interest in Portage Ventures I and Portage Ventures II of 38.1% and 7.7%, respectively, held through Power Financial.
                                       [5] Includes investments held by Portage Ventures I, Power Financial and IGM, through limited partnerships controlled by Power Financial, in Wealthsimple.
                                       [6] During the investment period, management fees were based on committed capital. Since the close of the investment period, management fees are based on invested
                                           capital, which may include a reserve for follow-on investments.
                                       [7] Fundraising activities continue for Portage Ventures IV, Portage Capital Solutions, PEM-PVC VI, PEM-PDI V, Sagard Private Credit, Sagard Healthcare Partners and USPF.
                                       [8] The Diagram Funds include Diagram Ventures I, Diagram Ventures II, Diagram Ventures III, Diagram Opportunity and Diagram ClimateTech. Total capital commitments
                                           includes amounts committed by Portage Ventures I and Portage Ventures II. Associated companies includes commitments from management as well as commitments
                                           from Portage Ventures I ($10 million in Diagram Ventures I) and Portage Ventures II ($10 million in Diagram Ventures I and $35 million in Diagram Ventures II). Diagram
                                           Ventures I and II do not have carried interests.
                                       [9] The Corporation’s interest is held in carried interest units.
                                       [10] Sagard Private Credit and USPF are open-ended funds and generally invest all committed capital; as such the capital commitments of the funds are representative of the
                                            net asset value (refer to the section “Other Measures”). USPF is managed by Sagard Real Estate through a management service agreement.
                                       [11] Represents Series I and II; the interest in the fund is based on invested capital as of September 30, 2024. During the third quarter of 2023, Sagard Healthcare Partners
                                            completed the first close of the second series, raising total capital commitments of up to US$300 million. The investment period is completed for the first series which
                                            represents a total commitment of $726 million; base compensation changed from 1.75% on committed capital to 1.50% on invested capital.


                                             A  40                                                     P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


The following table summarizes the activities of each of the funds managed by Sagard:
September 30, 2024                                                                                                           Commitments
(in millions; except as                                                                                                                     Distributions




                                                                                                                                                                               PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
   otherwise noted)                                   Currency               Total funded                Unfunded                Unfunded       to date [1]          NAV [2]
                                                                                        ($)                      ($)                  (%)              ($)               ($)

Venture Capital
Portage Ventures I [3]                                      C$                        472                         −                    −             622            2,215
Portage Ventures II                                         C$                        405                       22                    5.1              55              812
Portage Ventures III                                       US$                        394                      261                  39.8                −              419
Portage Ventures IV                                        US$                           −                     359                 100.0                −                −
Portage Capital Solutions                                  US$                        136                      340                  71.5                −              132
Diagram Funds                                               C$                        178                      222                  55.5               76              221
PVC Funds [4]
  PEM-PVC I                                               US$                         641                         9                  1.4          1,136               189
  PEM-PVC II-III                                          US$                         814                       19                   2.3          1,778               758
  PEM-PVC IV-V                                            US$                         225                     248                   52.4              20              303
  PEM-PVC VI                                              US$                            −                      98                 100.0                −                −

Private Equity
Sagard Private Equity Canada                                C$                        144                      263                  64.5                −              137
Sagard MidCap II                                              €                       722                         6                   0.9          1,163                21
Sagard MidCap 3                                               €                       679                       50                    6.9          1,162               602
Sagard MidCap 4 [5]                                           €                       679                      149                  18.3               13              834
Sagard NewGen [5]                                             €                       210                      120                  38.2               26              276
PDI Funds [4]
  PEM-PDI III-IV                                          US$                         462                       12                   2.5             370              558
  PEM-PDI V                                               US$                          51                     143                   73.5                −               56

Private Credit
Sagard Credit Partners I                                   US$                        548                         9                   1.6            617                88
Sagard Credit Partners II [5]                              US$                        526                      773                  66.2             154               494
Sagard Senior Lending Partners                             US$                        119                      382                  76.2                −              128
Sagard Healthcare Partners [5]                             US$                        763                      266                  25.8             266               633

[1] Excludes distributions which have been recalled by the fund for reinvestment, as well as distributions made by the fund due to rebalancing from increases in fund size.
[2] Net asset value (NAV) of the fund represents the fair value of investments held within the fund, net of any liabilities, and includes the controlled and consolidated
    investments held through the fund presented at fair value. Refer to the section “Adjusted Net Asset Value” for a description of the Corporation’s fair value adjustments
    to controlled and consolidated investments.
[3] Includes investments held by Portage Ventures I, Power Financial and IGM, through limited partnerships controlled by Power Financial, in Wealthsimple, which represents
    a fair value of $2.1 billion at September 30, 2024 ($1.1 billion at December 31, 2023).
[4] In the first quarter of 2024, Sagard acquired a controlling interest in PEM. The activities of the funds managed by PEM are presented since the inception of each fund.
[5] Total funded commitments represent the net cash funded for portfolio investments and fund expenses since inception, excluding amounts that have been recalled by
    the fund. The unfunded commitments presented for funds within the investment period, for Sagard MidCap 4, Sagard NewGen, Sagard Credit Partners II and Sagard
    Healthcare Partners, includes amounts distributed of €13 million, €17 million, US$132 million and US$3 million, respectively, which are recallable by the fund.


Venture Capital (fintech investments)
   Sagard’s venture capital asset class is managed under the Portage, Diagram and PEM platforms.
PORTAGE
   Portage has a mission to empower entrepreneurs reshaping financial services by partnering with ambitious companies
      across all stages through Portage Ventures and Portage Capital Solutions.
         Portage Ventures is a global fintech venture capital investment strategy dedicated to supporting fintech innovators
            in insurance, consumer & small and medium business finance, wealth & asset management, and fintech enablers.
            Through its funds, Portage Ventures has invested in more than 100 fintech companies and investment funds.
         Portage Capital Solutions is a capital partner for fintech and financial services businesses which aims to deliver flexible
            equity capital solutions and resources to later-stage fintech and financial services companies, and will generally target
            investments over US$50 million.
DIAGRAM
   Diagram is a venture builder that conceives and launches technology companies and a venture investor that invests in
      early stage companies, primarily in the financial services (fintech) and climate tech spaces. Diagram has launched and
      invested in more than 30 companies across five funds.


                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                  A  41
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       PEM
                                         PEM has a venture capital fund of funds program with an emphasis on access-constrained U.S. early and late-stage
                                             technology-centric asset managers. This investment strategy, through funds and separately managed accounts, provides




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                             investors with access to selected managers, many of which are closed to new investors.
                                             Between 2005 and 2024, PEM launched six funds under this strategy, representing total capital commitments of
                                             US$2.1 billion. The investment period is currently closed for four of the related funds.

                                       Private Equity
                                         Sagard’s private equity asset class is managed under the Sagard and PEM platforms.

                                       SAGARD
                                         Sagard, under its private equity asset class, manages three strategies including Sagard Private Equity Canada, Sagard
                                             Midcap (Europe), and Sagard NewGen (Europe).
                                               Sagard Private Equity Canada is a private equity strategy investing in the Canadian middle market, with a focus on
                                                 business and financial services, as well as manufacturing.
                                               Sagard MidCap is a European private equity investment strategy which invests in middle-market business services,
                                                 healthcare, food & consumer, and industrial sectors.
                                               Sagard NewGen is a European lower-middle-market private equity investment strategy that invests in high-growth
                                                 technology and healthcare industry leaders, with investment sizes typically between €10 million and €50 million.
                                       PEM
                                         PEM manages an investment strategy which focuses on a diversified portfolio of primarily U.S. small and middle-market
                                             buyout sourced from selected asset managers, including co-investment opportunities. PEM offers this investment
                                             strategy through funds and separately managed accounts.
                                             Between 2014 and 2022, PEM launched three funds under this strategy, representing total capital commitments of
                                             US$0.7 billion. The investment period is closed for two of the related funds.

                                       Private Credit
                                         Sagard, under the private credit asset class, manages four strategies, Sagard Credit, Sagard Senior Lending, Sagard
                                             Private Credit and Sagard Healthcare and includes a strategic investment in HalseyPoint.
                                               Sagard Credit is a non-sponsor, direct-lending strategy focused on middle-market public and private companies in
                                                 North America. It provides bespoke debt solutions across the credit spectrum in first- and second-lien loans, such as
                                                 unsecured and mezzanine financings, tailored to a company’s specific needs.
                                               Sagard Senior Lending is a senior direct-lending strategy focused on middle-market companies across the U.S. and
                                                 Canada. It provides non-sponsor first-lien, floating-rate debt to public and private middle-market companies to help
                                                 fund growth and other strategic initiatives.
                                               Sagard Private Credit is an evergreen fund, designed to offer Canadian accredited investors the opportunity to
                                                 participate in private credit. The fund seeks to generate attractive and stable returns driven largely by interest income
                                                 earned on a broadly diversified portfolio of private loans.
                                               Sagard Healthcare, a biopharmaceutical royalties investment strategy, invests in royalties and credit backed by
                                                 approved and commercialized biopharmaceutical products, diagnostics and medical devices. Sagard Healthcare
                                                 aims to accelerate the returns on innovation for owners of intellectual property, while offering investors an attractive
                                                 healthcare exposure largely uncorrelated to other asset classes.
                                               HalseyPoint, a manager jointly controlled by Sagard, manages CLOs focused on the U.S. leveraged loan and high-
                                                 yield bond asset class. HalseyPoint has raised to date seven CLOs.

                                       Real Estate
                                         Sagard Real Estate (formerly EverWest) is a full-service real estate investment platform operating in acquisitions,
                                             development, asset management, and property management in specific sub-markets within the U.S. Sagard Real Estate
                                             is headquartered in Denver, Colorado with regional offices throughout the U.S.
                                             Sagard Real Estate offers a variety of investment strategies including separately managed accounts and funds.

                                       Private Wealth Investment Platform
                                         Sagard indirectly holds a 60.3% controlling interest in Grayhawk, a private wealth investment platform offering
                                             independent, bespoke and client-centric investment solutions for Canadian families. Grayhawk had $1.3 billion in assets
                                             under management at September 30, 2024 ($1.5 billion at December 31, 2023).




                                             A  42                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


POWER SUSTAINABLE
At September 30, 2024, Power Sustainable had $4.0 billion of assets under management ($4.5 billion at December 31, 2023),
including unfunded commitments. Assets under management reflects the fair value of assets, net of liabilities and project




                                                                                                                                                                                               PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
debt, and includes unfunded commitments.
Power Sustainable manages assets within funds and separately managed accounts. The composition of assets under
management is as follows:
                                                                                                                                               September 30,                December 31,
(in millions of dollars)                                                                                                                              2024                        2023

Power Sustainable Energy Infrastructure                                                                                                                2,716                       2,748
Power Sustainable Infrastructure Credit                                                                                                                     985                         797
Power Sustainable Lios                                                                                                                                      262                         221
Power Sustainable China [1]                                                                                                                                  −                          715
Assets under management                                                                                                                                3,963                       4,481
    Power Corporation                                                                                                                                   1,227                      1,605

    Third parties and associated companies       [2]
                                                                                                                                                        2,736                      2,876

Fee-bearing capital [1][3]                                                                                                                             2,464                       2,835
    Power Corporation                                                                                                                                   1,001                      1,456

    Third parties and associated companies [2]                                                                                                          1,463                      1,379
[1] Power Sustainable China managed open-end funds and assets on behalf of clients through separate investment management agreements. In the first quarter of 2024,
    Power Sustainable realigned its strategies and wound down the Power Sustainable China strategy. Refer to the section “2024 Developments”.
[2] Associated companies includes commitments from management, as well as commitments from Lifeco.
[3] Refer to the section “Other Measures”.


Power Sustainable’s weighted average management fee rate was 1.0% for the three-month and nine-month periods ended
September 30, 2024, comparable with the corresponding periods in 2023.
The following table summarizes the strategies managed by Power Sustainable and the Corporation’s interests in each of the
strategies:
September 30, 2024                                                                                     Commitments [1]                                      Interest held [2]
                                                                                          Capital                Total             Power      Associated             Third
(in millions of dollars; except as otherwise noted)          Currency   Vintage      commitments               funded         Corporation   companies [3]           parties         NAV
                                                                                                 ($)                ($)              (%)             (%)                (%)              ($)

Power Sustainable Energy
 Infrastructure Partnership [4][5]                                C$     2021                1,800              1,177               36.3           14.4                49.3        1,629
                                                       [6]
Power Sustainable Infrastructure Credit                         US$      2023                  720                 96               15.0           85.0                   −             105
Power Sustainable Lios                                            C$     2022                  285                100                  −           20.7                79.3              77

[1] Includes amounts of separately managed agreements committed within each strategy.
[2] Based on invested capital as of September 30, 2024.
[3] Associated companies includes commitments from management as well as commitments from Lifeco of $220 million in PSEIP, US$600 million in Power Sustainable
    Infrastructure Credit and $56 million in Power Sustainable Lios.
[4] NAV of the fund represents the fair value of investments held within the fund, net of any liabilities and project debt, and includes the controlled and consolidated
    investments held through the fund presented at fair value. Refer to the section “Adjusted Net Asset Value” for a description of the Corporation’s fair value adjustments
    to controlled and consolidated investments.
[5] Excludes direct investments in energy assets, which have a net asset value of $464 million. At September 30, 2024, PSEIP had distributed an amount of $80 million since
    inception.
[6] In the second quarter of 2024, the Corporation entered into a separately managed account for a total of US$120 million. The Corporation will invest alongside the fund
    on target investments. At September 30, 2024, the Corporation has invested US$14 million ($20 million) under this agreement.




                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                                 A  43
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       Power Sustainable Energy Infrastructure
                                       Power Sustainable Energy Infrastructure (Power Sustainable Energy) operates a leading North American-focused renewable
                                       energy platform with 3.2 GW of utility-scale and distributed energy assets, including assets under construction, and assets in




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       advanced development projects. Through its wholly owned operating companies, Potentia Renewables and Nautilus Solar,
                                       Power Sustainable Energy has a dedicated team of over 185 in-house professionals to oversee the development, construction,
                                       financing and operation of renewable energy assets across North America.
                                         Potentia Renewables: Power Sustainable holds a 100% interest in Potentia, a renewable energy generation company,
                                            which is a fully integrated developer, operator and manager of solar and wind energy assets, active in North America.
                                         Nautilus Solar: Power Sustainable holds a 100% interest in Nautilus, a company headquartered in New Jersey, U.S. that
                                            acquires, develops, finances and manages distributed solar projects across community, municipal/utility-scale,
                                            commercial and industrial markets.
                                       The Power Sustainable Energy Infrastructure platform actively manages investments through Power Sustainable Energy
                                       Infrastructure Partnership (PSEIP) and through direct investments in energy infrastructure.
                                       The following table details the composition of the total megawatts of utility-scale and distributed energy assets managed:
                                                                                                                                                                                      September 30,   December 31,
                                       (in megawatts (MW))                                                                                                                                   2024           2023

                                       Advanced development [1]                                                                                                                                884            129
                                       Under construction                                                                                                                                      360            410
                                                    [1]
                                       Operating                                                                                                                                              1,917         1,690
                                                                                                                                                                                              3,161         2,229
                                       [1] Includes projects in which PSEIP has a joint interest representing 645 MW at September 30, 2024 (312 MW at December 31, 2023).


                                       Power Sustainable Energy earns management fees of 0.80% to 1.00% charged on the net asset value of PSEIP as well as a
                                       carried interest of 15%. Power Sustainable Energy also earns management fees of 0.85% charged on the net asset value of
                                       direct investments.
                                       At September 30, 2024, the total assets on a consolidated basis of PSEIP and direct investments were $4.7 billion ($4.4 billion
                                       at December 31, 2023).

                                       Power Sustainable Infrastructure Credit
                                       Power Sustainable Infrastructure Credit, a global infrastructure credit platform launched in 2023, targets global investments
                                       in energy, transportation, social, digital and other sustainable infrastructure. The platform, based in the U.S., targets sub-
                                       investment-grade infrastructure investments and seeks to support sustainable assets, portfolios and operating companies
                                       with tailored financing solutions.

                                       Power Sustainable Lios
                                       Power Sustainable Lios is a specialized North American agri-food private equity investment platform supporting the
                                       sustainability transformation occurring within our food system. Lios Fund I, its inaugural fund, invests in growth-oriented, mid-
                                       market companies across the food value chain in North America to drive positive and sustainable change.




                                            A  44                                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


RESULTS – Asset Management Activities
Asset management activities includes fee-related earnings (a non-IFRS financial measure, refer to the section “Non-IFRS
Financial Measures”), which is comprised of management fees less investment platform expenses. Asset management




                                                                                                                                                                                              PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
activities also includes carried interest and income from other management activities.
Summary of the composition of net earnings (loss) from asset management activities:
                                                                                                                                     Three months ended                Nine months ended
                                                                                                September 30,               June 30,       September 30,    September 30,    September 30,
                                                                                                       2024                    2024               2023             2024             2023

Adjusted net earnings (loss)
SAGARD
  Management fees [1][2]                                                                                      58                     56              42              165               132
  Investment platform expenses                                                                               (58)                (58)               (44)            (171)            (137)
  Fee-related earnings (loss) [3]                                                                              −                     (2)              (2)              (6)              (5)
  Net carried interest [4]                                                                                    22                     10               (1)             35                (5)
  Other [3]                                                                                                   (4)                    (4)              (1)              (5)             (17)
                                                                                                              18                     4                (4)             24               (27)
  Loss from private wealth platform and other
   asset management activities [5]                                                                             −                     −                (2)              (1)              (5)
                                 [6]
  Non-controlling interests                                                                                  (12)                    (3)              −              (17)               3
                                                                                                               6                     1                (6)              6               (29)
POWER SUSTAINABLE
  Management fees [1]                                                                                          6                     7                7               20               20
  Investment platform expenses [7]                                                                           (13)                (16)               (13)             (46)              (44)
  Fee-related earnings (loss) [3]                                                                             (7)                    (9)              (6)            (26)              (24)
  Net carried interest [4]                                                                                    (8)                    (5)              (3)            (14)               3
          [3][7][8]
  Other                                                                                                      (13)                    (5)              (6)            (21)              (15)
  Non-controlling interests [9]                                                                                4                     1                −                5                −
                                                                                                             (24)                (18)               (15)             (56)              (36)
Adjusted net earnings (loss)                                                                                 (18)                (17)               (21)             (50)              (65)

Adjustments
POWER SUSTAINABLE
  Restructuring charges                                                                                        −                     (2)              −              (14)               −
Net earnings (loss)                                                                                          (18)                (19)               (21)             (64)              (65)
[1] Includes management fees charged by the investment platform on proprietary capital. Management fees paid by the Corporation are deducted from income from
    investing activities.
[2] In the second quarter of 2024, Sagard recognized a retroactive management fee of $4 million related to new capital committed in the fundraising close of Portage Capital
    Solutions ($6 million and $3 million, in the first and second quarters of 2023, respectively, related to new capital committed in the fundraising close of Sagard NewGen
    and Portage Capital Solutions).
[3] Fee-related earnings is a non-IFRS financial measure. Items excluded from fee-related earnings have been included in Other. Refer to the section “Non-IFRS Financial
    Measures” for a description and reconciliation.
[4] Net carried interest is comprised of carried interest earned, net of amounts allocated to employees. Carried interest is recognized based on changes in fair value of
    investments held within each consolidated fund, and based on carried interest earned when it is highly probable that a significant reversal will not occur with respect to
    unconsolidated funds. The Corporation’s share of carried interest expense payable by the fund is included in investing activities.
[5] Includes the Corporation’s share of earnings (losses) from Sagard’s private wealth investment platform and other asset management activities as well as its interest in
    HalseyPoint.
[6] Non-controlling interests represent equity interests held in SHMI and PEM, and includes interests held in SHMI by Lifeco and management of Sagard.
[7] Certain amounts were reclassified in comparative figures to conform with the current presentation.
[8] Other includes customer acquisition, development and asset management activities provided by Potentia and Nautilus on behalf of PSEIP.
[9] Non-controlling interests represent equity interests held in PSM by Lifeco and management of Power Sustainable.



ADJUSTMENTS (EXCLUDED FROM ADJUSTED NET EARNINGS)

Power Sustainable
In the first quarter of 2024, Power Sustainable realigned its strategies and made a strategic decision to wind down its China
public equity strategy, which included the closing of its investment management operations in China. Power Sustainable
recognized a restructuring charge of $12 million and $2 million in the first and second quarters, respectively. Refer to the
section “2024 Developments”.



                                       P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                             A  45
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       INVES TING ACTIVITIES

                                       Overview




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       Power Corporation invests proprietary capital in the strategies of its investment platforms to support their growth and
                                       development as asset managers. The investment platforms’ growth strategy is focused primarily on raising third-party capital,
                                       and the Corporation expects that its proprietary capital will represent an increasingly smaller proportion of future funds. The
                                       Corporation seeks to earn attractive returns on its proprietary capital investments commensurate with the risk profile of the
                                       underlying investments in each strategy. Returns are expected to be realized over differing time horizons:
                                          Income-related strategies such as Private Credit, Real Estate and Power Sustainable Energy Infrastructure Partnership are
                                             expected to generate returns on a regular basis; and
                                          Capital appreciation strategies such as Venture Capital and Private Equity are expected to generate returns as
                                             investments are monetized.
                                       The Corporation holds investments managed by Sagard and Power Sustainable. The following table summarizes the
                                       investments held, by asset class, including the investments held through Power Financial:
                                                                                                                                           September 30, 2024                                                   December 31, 2023
                                                                                                         Investments          Distributions                                  Investments          Distributions
                                       (in millions of dollars)                                             to date [1]           to date [1]          Fair value               to date [1]           to date [1]       Fair value

                                       Sagard
                                         Venture Capital [2]                                                      408                  285                 1,022                      359                  274               611
                                         Private Equity                                                        1,171                 1,346                   302                    1,125                1,331               244
                                         Private Credit [3]                                                       419                  288                   194                      344                  234               154
                                         Real Estate                                                               32                      1                  30                       32                      1              30
                                         Cash and other investments [4]                                              1                    −                   22                         1                    −               23
                                       Power Sustainable
                                         Power Sustainable China [5][6]                                           420                  880                      −                     417                  372               508
                                         Power Sustainable Energy Infrastructure
                                           PSEIP [7]                                                              412                    32                  561                      335                    32              482
                                                                   [8]
                                           Direct investments                                                  1,163                   520                   464                    1,144                  514               500
                                         Power Sustainable Infrastructure Credit [9]                               20                     −                   20                         −                    −                 −
                                         Other investments                                                         12                      1                  12                         9                    −                 9

                                       [1] Includes distributions which have been recalled by the fund and distributions due to rebalancing.
                                       [2] Includes investment in the controlled and consolidated subsidiary, Wealthsimple, at fair value.
                                       [3] Includes investment in Sagard Healthcare Partners. Comparative information has been reclassified to conform with the current presentation.
                                       [4] Fair value includes $21 million of cash held within the Sagard investing activities at September 30, 2024 (cash and other assets of $21 million at December 31, 2023).
                                       [5] The fair value of the investments at December 31, 2023 includes $98 million held in cash. Refer to the section “2024 Developments”.
                                       [6] Investments to date includes $182 million invested in the Power Sustainable China platform since 2005 to fund expenses ($179 million at December 31, 2023).
                                       [7] Includes the Corporation’s share of investments in controlled and consolidated subsidiaries held through PSEIP at fair value. Investments to date include amounts
                                           previously held through direct investments which were transferred to PSEIP in 2021 and in each of the third quarters of 2022 and 2023.
                                       [8] Includes the direct investments in energy infrastructure at fair value. Investments to date include funding related to the acquisitions of Potentia and Nautilus and related
                                           platform expenses prior to the establishment of Power Sustainable Energy Infrastructure.
                                       [9] Consists of investments through a separately managed account, presented at amortized cost.




                                             A  46                                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


FINTECH INVESTMENTS
Fintech investments are comprised of the Corporation’s investments, primarily held through Power Financial, in the Portage
Ventures and Diagram funds and Wealthsimple. The Corporation’s investments in the Portage Ventures and Diagram funds




                                                                                                                                                                                 PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
allow it to deepen its knowledge and accelerate the adoption of innovation within the Power group of companies, while
significant investments such as Wealthsimple give direct access to novel capabilities.
Wealthsimple
At September 30, 2024, Portage Ventures I, Power Financial and IGM collectively held, through a limited partnership
controlled by Power Financial, an undiluted equity interest in Wealthsimple of 55.1% (56.6% at December 31, 2023),
representing a voting interest of 59.4% and a fully diluted equity interest of 43.6%. Wealthsimple, founded in 2014, is one of
Canada’s fastest-growing financial technology companies, and provides simple digital tools for growing and managing money.
Wealthsimple continues to strengthen its presence in the marketplace and offers a suite of financial products, ranging from
investing to spending, saving and tax. At September 30, 2024, Wealthsimple had 2.6 million clients, excluding tax filers, across
the Canadian market with assets under administration of $52.1 billion, compared with $31.0 billion at December 31, 2023.
At September 30, 2024, the Power group had invested $344 million in Wealthsimple ($340 million at December 31, 2023),
and had received total proceeds of $500 million from a secondary transaction in 2021.
The fair value of the Power group’s interest in Wealthsimple was $2.2 billion at September 30, 2024 ($1.1 billion at December 31,
2023). The fair value of the Corporation’s 15.8% equity interest in Wealthsimple, including its indirect interest held through
Portage Ventures I, on a fully diluted basis, was $813 million at September 30, 2024 ($413 million at December 31, 2023). The
increase in fair value in the nine-month period of 2024 reflects an increase in public market peer valuations, Wealthsimple’s
business performance and revised revenue expectations, as well as a third-party secondary transaction expected to close in the
fourth quarter.

RESULTS – Investing Activities
Investing activities comprises income earned on the capital invested by the Corporation (proprietary capital) in the investment
funds managed by the investment platforms and the share of earnings (losses) of controlled and consolidated subsidiaries
held within the investment platforms. The results of certain consolidated funds and controlled and consolidated subsidiaries
included in investing activities are not aligned with the fair value changes of the Corporation's respective investment, due to
the accounting treatment required for the underlying investments and activities.
The following table summarizes the classification of the investments held by the controlled and consolidated funds and direct
investments managed by the investment platforms:
Investment                                                   Classification of Investments held by the fund                       Measurement [1]
                              [2]
Portage Ventures Funds                                       FVPL                                                                 Fair value
Portage Capital Solutions                                    FVPL                                                                 Fair value
Diagram Funds                                                FVPL                                                                 Fair value
Sagard Private Credit                                        FVPL                                                                 Fair Value

[1] The Corporation has elected to measure certain of its investments in jointly controlled corporations and associates held by entities that meet the definition of a venture
    capital organization at FVPL.
[2] Portage Ventures I excludes the investment in Wealthsimple which is controlled and consolidated by the Corporation.



The Corporation consolidates the activities of Power Sustainable Energy Infrastructure Partnership on a historical cost basis;
therefore, the increase in fair value of the Corporation’s interest held in PSEIP is not recognized in earnings. However, the
limited partner equity interests held by third parties which have redemption features, subject to certain restrictions, have been
classified as a financial liability and are remeasured at their redemption value. Effective the first quarter of 2024, the impact
from the revaluation of the non-controlling interests liabilities has been excluded from adjusted net earnings. Refer to the
section “Non-IFRS Financial Measures”.
Income earned from investment activities (proprietary capital) is volatile in nature as it depends on many factors, including
changes in fair value.




                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                 A  47
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       Summary of adjusted and net earnings (loss) from investing activities (proprietary capital):
                                                                                                                                                                    Three months ended                        Nine months ended




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                                                  September 30,               June 30,     September 30,           September 30,    September 30,
                                                                                                                                         2024                    2024             2023                    2024             2023

                                       Adjusted net earnings (loss)
                                       SAGARD

                                         Private equity and other strategies                                                                   12                   25                    2                  46               28
                                         Venture capital (fintech investments) [1]                                                            (18)                   1                    −                 (20)               (9)
                                                                                                                                                (6)                 26                    2                  26               19
                                       POWER SUSTAINABLE

                                         Public equity                                                                                           −                   −                    2                   (2)              1
                                                                    [2]
                                         Energy infrastructure                                                                                (16)                   (9)                  4                 (42)             (11)
                                                                                                                                              (16)                   (9)                  6                 (44)             (10)
                                       Adjusted net earnings (loss)                                                                           (22)                  17                    8                 (18)               9

                                       Adjustments
                                       POWER SUSTAINABLE

                                         Revaluation of non-controlling interests liabilities                                                 (25)                   (3)                  2                 (47)             (40)
                                         Reclassification to earnings of foreign currency gains on
                                           Power Sustainable China                                                                               −                   −                    −                  54                −
                                                                                                                                              (25)                   (3)                  2                   7              (40)
                                       Net earnings (loss)                                                                                    (47)                  14                   10                 (11)             (31)
                                       [1] Includes the Corporation’s share of earnings (losses) of Wealthsimple. The third quarter of 2024 includes a charge of $20 million related to the Corporation’s share of
                                           the carried interest payable due to the increase in fair value of the investment held in Wealthsimple. The net increase in fair value of the Corporation’s investments,
                                           including its investments held through Power Financial in Portage Ventures I, Portage Ventures II, Portage Ventures III and Wealthsimple, was $370 million in the nine-
                                           month period ended September 30, 2024, compared with a net decrease of $7 million in fair value in the corresponding period in 2023.
                                       [2] Consists of the Corporation’s share of earnings (losses) from direct investments in energy infrastructure and in the consolidated activities of PSEIP. Share of losses in 2024
                                           includes unrealized losses on derivative contracts hedging energy infrastructure projects of $9 million, of which $14 million was recognized in the third quarter (unrealized
                                           gains of $14 million in the nine-month period ended September 30, 2023, of which $11 million was recognized in the third quarter of 2023).


                                       ADJUSTMENTS (EXCLUDED FROM ADJUSTED NET EARNINGS)

                                       Power Sustainable
                                       For the nine-month period ended September 30, 2024, Power Sustainable recognized net positive Adjustments of $7 million,
                                       which include:
                                          The closing of Power Sustainable China, a foreign operation, resulted in a recovery of $54 million from the reclassification
                                             of the related cumulative translation adjustment to net earnings in the first quarter of 2024. Refer to the section “2024
                                             Developments”.
                                          Partially offset by a charge of $47 million related to the Corporation’s share of the revaluation of non-controlling interests
                                             liabilities resulting from changes in fair value of assets held in PSEIP, and the share of earnings (losses) from the
                                             consolidated activities of PSEIP attributable to third-party investors, of which $19 million was recorded in the first quarter,
                                             $3 million in the second quarter and $25 million in the third quarter of 2024. The Corporation controls and consolidates
                                             the activities of PSEIP on a historical cost basis; however, equity interests held by third parties have redemption features
                                             and are classified as a financial liability, which are remeasured at their redemption value. The nine-month period ended
                                             September 30, 2024 includes a charge of $14 million, related to the Corporation’s share of the revaluation of non-
                                             controlling interests liabilities which mainly resulted from an increase in fair value of assets held in PSEIP.
                                       For the nine-month period ended September 30, 2023, Power Sustainable recognized Adjustments of negative $40 million
                                       related to the Corporation’s share of the revaluation of non-controlling interests liabilities, as explained above, of which
                                       $45 million was recorded in the first quarter of 2023. The nine-month period ended September 30, 2023 included a charge
                                       of $26 million related to the Corporation’s share of the revaluation of non-controlling interests liabilities which mainly resulted
                                       from an increase in fair value of assets held in PSEIP.




                                             A  48                                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


Standalone Businesses

OVER VIEW




                                                                                                                                   PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
Standalone businesses includes the Corporation’s equity investments in standalone businesses which are managed to create
and realize value over time.
  Peak: Sagard held a 42.6% equity interest and a 50% voting interest in Peak at September 30, 2024 (same as at
    December 31, 2023). Peak designs, develops and commercializes sports equipment and apparel for ice hockey and
    lacrosse under iconic brands including Bauer. The Corporation’s investment is accounted for using the equity method.
    During the second quarter of 2024, Peak disposed of its minority interest in Rawlings Sporting Goods Company Inc.
    (Rawlings), a leading brand in baseball. In July 2024, Sagard received a distribution of US$60 million from Peak.
    On September 30, 2024, Peak announced that Fairfax will acquire Sagard’s 42.6% interest in Peak. On close of the
    transaction, the Corporation expects proceeds of approximately US$325 million, and to recognize a gain in net earnings
    of approximately US$195 million. The transaction is expected to close in the fourth quarter of 2024, subject to customary
    closing conditions.
  LMPG: Power Sustainable held a controlling interest of 49.6% at September 30, 2024 (same as at December 31, 2023) in
    LMPG, an internationally recognized designer, developer, and manufacturer of a wide range of high-performance and
    sustainable specification-grade LED solutions for commercial, institutional, and urban environments.
  Lion Electric (NYSE: LEV) (TSX: LEV): Power Sustainable held a 34.1% equity interest at September 30, 2024 (same as at
    December 31, 2023) in Lion Electric. An innovative manufacturer of zero-emission vehicles, Lion Electric creates, designs
    and manufactures all-electric Class 5 to Class 8 commercial urban trucks and all-electric buses. Lion designs, builds and
    assembles many of its vehicles’ components, including chassis, battery packs, truck cabins and bus bodies.
    At September 30, 2024, Power Sustainable also held 9,842,519 warrants. The fair value of the warrants was $1 million at
    September 30, 2024 ($5 million at December 31, 2023).

R ES U LTS
For the three-month period ended September 30, 2024, the net loss from standalone businesses was $107 million, compared
with net earnings of $2 million in the corresponding quarter in 2023. The net loss in the third quarter of 2024 includes:
  A negative contribution from Lion of $30 million, including a non-cash impairment charge of $11 million after tax
    ($11 million pre-tax) on the Corporation’s investment in Lion, which reflects a decline in market value at September 30,
    2024; and
  A negative contribution from LMPG of $93 million, primarily related to the Corporation’s share of a non-cash impairment
    charge recognized on goodwill by LMPG;
  Partially offset by a positive contribution from Peak of $16 million, mainly related to the share of earnings in the quarter.
For the nine-month period ended September 30, 2024, the net loss from standalone businesses was $144 million, compared
with net earnings of $5 million in the corresponding period in 2023. The increase in the net loss in the nine-month period is
primarily due to the same reasons discussed in the three-month period above. The nine-month period ended September 30,
2024 included a negative contribution from Lion of $112 million, including non-cash impairment charges of $64 million after
tax ($73 million pre-tax) on the Corporation’s investment in Lion.




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4   A  49
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       Corporate Operations and Other
                                       Corporate operations and Other includes the contribution to net earnings and adjusted net earnings from the Corporation’s




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       investments held in private investment funds, as well as corporate operations of the holding company which includes operating
                                       expenses, financing charges, depreciation, income taxes, and dividends on non-participating and perpetual preferred shares.
                                       Summary of corporate operations and other of the Corporation and Power Financial shown on a combined basis:
                                                                                                                                                                 Three months ended                        Nine months ended
                                                                                                                               September 30,              June 30,      September 30,           September 30,    September 30,
                                                                                                                                      2024                   2024              2023                    2024             2023

                                       Contribution to adjusted net earnings
                                       Other investments
                                         Investment funds                                                                                    −                    2                    8                   9                3
                                         ChinaAMC [1]                                                                                        −                    −                    −                   −                2
                                         Other [2]                                                                                            5                  17                  24                   38              152
                                                                                                                                              5                  19                  32                   47              157
                                       Operating and other expenses
                                         Operating expenses [3]                                                                            (41)                 (43)                 (41)               (125)            (111)
                                         Depreciation                                                                                        (2)                 (2)                  (1)                  (5)              (5)
                                         Fair value change of TSARs, net of hedge [4]                                                         5                   −                   (8)                  4              (17)
                                         Financing charges [5]                                                                             (14)                 (13)                 (14)                (41)             (41)
                                         Income taxes                                                                                        −                    −                   (1)                  −                (2)
                                                                                                                                           (52)                 (58)                 (65)               (167)            (176)

                                       Dividends on non-participating and perpetual preferred shares                                       (48)                 (48)                 (47)               (144)            (142)
                                                                                                                                           (95)                 (87)                 (80)               (264)            (161)
                                       Adjustments
                                         ChinaAMC [1]                                                                                        −                    −                    −                   −              (54)
                                       Net earnings (loss)                                                                                 (95)                 (87)                 (80)               (264)            (215)
                                       [1] On January 12, 2023, the Corporation and IGM completed a transaction in which the interest in ChinaAMC was sold to IGM. The Corporation sold its 13.9% interest in
                                           ChinaAMC to IGM and no longer holds a direct interest in ChinaAMC. Refer to the section “Adjustments” below.
                                       [2] Includes foreign exchange gains or losses and interest on cash and cash equivalents. In the second quarter of 2023, income earned from other investments included a
                                           recovery of $97 million from the sale of the Corporation’s investment in Bellus Health Inc., which was accounted for as an associate using the equity method, with a
                                           carrying value of nil.
                                       [3] Operating expenses related to Power Financial were $46 million in the nine-month period ended September 30, 2024 ($40 million in the corresponding period in 2023).
                                       [4] The Corporation has attached tandem share appreciation rights (TSARs) to certain options, which are classified as cash-settled share-based payments. The Corporation
                                           has entered into total return swap agreements to manage exposure to the volatility of a portion of its cash-settled share-based payments and related liability. The fair
                                           value change of TSARs represents the change in fair value of the liability, net of the gain on the remeasurement to fair value of the derivative instruments.
                                       [5] Financing charges related to Power Financial were $13 million in the nine-month period ended September 30, 2024 (same as in the corresponding period in 2023).




                                             A  50                                                P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


Adjustments (excluded from adjusted net earnings)
The following table presents the Corporation’s share of Adjustments:




                                                                                                                                                                                              PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                                                     Three months ended                Nine months ended
                                                                                                September 30,               June 30,       September 30,    September 30,    September 30,
                                                                                                       2024                    2024               2023             2024             2023

Lifeco [1]
  Market experience relative to expectations                                                                  28                     19             104              120               (64)
  Assumption changes and management actions                                                                (139)                     27             (72)            (113)              (70)
  Realized OCI gains (losses) from asset rebalancing                                                           −                     −                −                −               (83)
                                                 [2][3]
  Other non-market related impacts                                                                           (27)                (68)               (42)            (131)            (177)
                                                                                                           (138)                 (22)               (10)            (124)            (394)
                              [4][5]
  Effect of consolidation                                                                                     (5)                    (1)              (1)            (11)              (18)
                                                                                                           (143)                 (23)               (11)            (135)            (412)
IGM [1]
  Rockefeller debt refinancing                                                                                 −                     (2)              −                (2)              −
  Gain on disposal of Lifeco Shares                                                                            −                     −                −                −               105
  Restructuring charges                                                                                        −                     −                −                −               (47)
  IFRS 17 adjustment (Lifeco)                                                                                  −                     −                −                −                9
  Share of Lifeco’s adjustments                                                                               (3)                    −                (6)              (4)             (10)
                                                                                                              (3)                    (2)              (6)              (6)             57
                              [4]
  Effect of consolidation                                                                                      −                     (1)              6                1             (114)
                                                                                                              (3)                    (3)              −                (5)             (57)
Power Sustainable
  Reclassification to earnings of foreign currency gains on
   Power Sustainable China                                                                                     −                     −                −               54                −
                                                                       [5]
  Revaluation of non-controlling interests liabilities                                                       (25)                    (3)              2              (47)              (40)
  Restructuring charges                                                                                        −                     (2)              −              (14)               −
                                                                                                             (25)                    (5)              2                (7)             (40)
Corporate operations and Other
  Transaction costs on disposal of ChinaAMC [6]                                                                −                     −                −                −               (14)
                                                          [6]
  Income taxes on disposal of ChinaAMC                                                                         −                     −                −                −               (40)
                                                                                                               −                     −                −                −               (54)
                                                                                                           (171)                 (31)                 (9)           (147)            (563)
[1] As reported by Lifeco and IGM.
[2] Includes business transformation impacts (including restructuring and integration costs as well as acquisition and divestiture costs), amortization of acquisition-related
    intangible assets and tax legislative changes impacts.
[3] GMT legislation was enacted in Canada on June 20, 2024 and applies retroactively to January 1, 2024. As a result, the comparative results for adjusted net earnings and
    Adjustments for the first quarter of 2024 are presented on a pro forma basis as if the legislation had been enacted in the first quarter of 2024. Refer to the section
    “Statement Regarding Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Measures”.
[4] The Effect of consolidation reflects i) the elimination of intercompany transactions, including the gain recognized by IGM on the sale of a portion of its interest in Lifeco
    to the Corporation, as well as IGM’s share of Lifeco’s IFRS 17 adjustment; and ii) the application of the Corporation’s accounting method for investments under common
    control to the Adjustments reported by Lifeco and IGM.
[5] Effective the first quarter of 2024, the Corporation modified the definition of adjusted net earnings. Refer to the section “Non-IFRS Financial Measures”. The comparative
    periods have been restated to reflect this change.
[6] On January 12, 2023, the Corporation and IGM completed a transaction in which the group’s interest in ChinaAMC was sold to IGM. The Corporation sold its 13.9%
    interest in ChinaAMC to IGM. As the Power group continues to hold a 27.8% interest in ChinaAMC, the Corporation did not record a gain on the disposal of its interest.
    As a result of the transaction, the Corporation incurred transaction costs of $14 million and income taxes of $40 million. The Corporation has recorded these amounts as
    an Adjustment.


For additional information on each of Lifeco, IGM and Sagard and Power Sustainable, refer to their respective “Adjustments”
sections above. Also refer to the section “Non-IFRS Financial Measures” in this MD&A.




                                       P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                             A  51
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       FINANCIAL POSITION




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (CONDENSED)
                                       The condensed balance sheets of Lifeco, IGM, and the combined holding company balance sheet of Power Corporation and
                                       Power Financial, as well as the alternative asset investment platforms and other, are presented below. These tables reconcile the
                                       holding company balance sheet with the condensed consolidated balance sheets of the Corporation at September 30, 2024
                                       and December 31, 2023, which are included in Note 20 of the Interim Consolidated Financial Statements.
                                                                                                                                                                                                              September 30, 2024
                                                                                                                                                                       Alternative Asset                                  Power
                                                                                                                                                                             Investment                             Corporation
                                                                                                                                                         Holding          Platforms and                Effect of   Consolidated
                                                                                                                     Lifeco               IGM           company                  Other [1]        consolidation    balance sheet
                                       Assets
                                       Cash and cash equivalents                                                     8,887                640              1,356                     662                  (317)          11,228
                                       Investments                                                                226,720               5,534                131                  1,915                    209         234,509
                                       Investments in publicly traded operating
                                         companies, investment platforms and other:
                                           Lifeco and IGM                                                              403                619             20,151                        −              (21,173)               −
                                           GBL [2]                                                                        −                  −             3,829                        −                     −           3,829
                                           Other                                                                       571              1,322              1,906                        −               (3,799)               −
                                       Investments in jointly controlled
                                         corporations and associates                                                   471              3,178                   −                 1,399                   (412)           4,636
                                       Insurance contract assets                                                     1,171                   −                  −                       −                     −           1,171
                                       Reinsurance contract held assets                                            17,843                    −                  −                       −                     −          17,843
                                       Other assets                                                                25,847               3,932                319                 16,115                   (152)          46,061
                                       Intangible assets [3]                                                         4,812              1,266                    1                   819                    (73)          6,825
                                       Goodwill [3]                                                                11,160               2,637                   −                    381                   407           14,585
                                       Investments on account of
                                         segregated fund policyholders                                            481,856                    −                  −                       −                     −        481,856
                                       Total assets                                                               779,741             19,128              27,693                 21,291                (25,310)        822,543
                                       Liabilities
                                       Insurance contract liabilities                                             153,349                    −                  −                       −                     −        153,349
                                       Investment contract liabilities                                             87,631                    −                  −                       −                     −          87,631
                                       Reinsurance contract held liabilities                                           830                   −                  −                       −                     −             830
                                       Obligations to securitization entities                                             −             4,839                   −                       −                     −           4,839
                                       Power Corporation’s debentures and
                                         other debt instruments                                                           −                  −               647                        −                     −             647
                                       Non-recourse debentures and
                                         other debt instruments [4]                                                  9,112              2,400                250                  3,180                     (88)         14,854
                                       Other liabilities                                                           15,652               4,307              1,039                 15,662                   (631)          36,029
                                       Insurance contracts on account of
                                         segregated fund policyholders                                             65,226                    −                  −                       −                     −          65,226
                                       Investment contracts on account of
                                         segregated fund policyholders                                            416,630                    −                  −                       −                     −        416,630
                                       Total liabilities                                                          748,430             11,546               1,936                 18,842                   (719)        780,035
                                       Equity
                                       Limited recourse capital notes                                                1,500                   −                  −                       −               (1,500)               −
                                       Perpetual preferred shares                                                    2,720                   −             2,830                        −               (5,550)               −
                                       Non-participating shares                                                           −                  −               950                        −                     −             950
                                       Participating shareholders’ equity                                          24,003               7,521             21,977                  2,078                (33,602)          21,977
                                       Non-controlling interests [5][6]                                              3,088                  61                  −                    371               16,061            19,581
                                       Total equity                                                                31,311               7,582             25,757                  2,449                (24,591)          42,508
                                       Total liabilities and equity                                               779,741             19,128              27,693                 21,291                (25,310)        822,543
                                       [1] Includes consolidated investment funds and their controlled investments, Wealthsimple and standalone businesses.
                                       [2] Indirectly held through Parjointco. The holding company balance sheet includes the Corporation’s investment in GBL, which is separately presented in Note 20 of the
                                           Interim Consolidated Financial Statements.
                                       [3] The assets of Lifeco, IGM, and Alternative Asset Investment Platforms and Other exclude the corporate allocation of goodwill and intangible assets.
                                       [4] The debentures and other debt instruments of controlled and consolidated investments are secured by their assets which are non-recourse to the Corporation.
                                       [5] Lifeco’s non-controlling interests include the Participating Account surplus in subsidiaries.
                                       [6] Non-controlling interests in Effect of consolidation represent non-controlling interests in the equity of Lifeco, IGM, PSM, SHMI, and controlled and consolidated
                                           investments.




                                             A  52                                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                                                                                                                                                     December 31, 2023
                                                                                                                                  Alternative Asset                              Power
                                                                                                                                        Investment                         Corporation
                                                                                                                     Holding         Platforms and           Effect of    Consolidated




                                                                                                                                                                                          PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                  Lifeco               IGM          company                 Other [1]   consolidation     balance sheet

Assets
Cash and cash equivalents                                                         7,742                545              1,218                  639              (207)           9,937
Investments                                                                   217,868                5,260                107                2,017               110          225,362
Investments in publicly traded operating
  companies, investment platforms and other:
    Lifeco and IGM                                                                  387                589            19,028                      −          (20,004)                −
    GBL [2]                                                                            −                  −             3,717                     −                 −           3,717
   Other                                                                            446                712              2,499                     −           (3,657)                −
Investments in jointly controlled
  corporations and associates                                                       367              3,070                   3               1,392              (397)           4,435
Insurance contract assets                                                         1,193                   −                  −                    −                 −           1,193
Reinsurance contract held assets                                                17,332                    −                  −                    −                 −          17,332
Assets held for sale                                                              4,467                   −                  −                    −                 −           4,467
Other assets                                                                    24,739               4,599                282                9,439              (300)          38,759
Intangible assets [3]                                                             4,484              1,251                   2                 801               152            6,690
Goodwill [3]                                                                    11,249               2,637                   −                 549               195           14,630
Investments on account of
  segregated fund policyholders                                               422,956                     −                  −                    −                 −         422,956
Total assets                                                                  713,230              18,663             26,856               14,837            (24,108)         749,478
Liabilities
Insurance contract liabilities                                                144,388                     −                  −                    −                 −         144,388
Investment contract liabilities                                                 88,919                    −                  −                    −                 −          88,919
Reinsurance contract held liabilities                                               648                   −                  −                    −                 −              648
Liabilities held for sale                                                         2,407                   −                  −                    −                 −           2,407
Obligations to securitization entities                                                 −             4,688                   −                    −                 −           4,688
Power Corporation’s debentures and
 other debt instruments                                                                −                  −               647                     −                 −              647
Non-recourse debentures and
 other debt instruments [4]                                                       9,046              2,400                250                3,017                (88)         14,625
Other liabilities                                                               15,015               4,855                986                8,509              (430)          28,935
Insurance contracts on account of
  segregated fund policyholders                                                 60,302                    −                  −                    −                 −          60,302
Investment contracts on account of
  segregated fund policyholders                                               362,654                     −                  −                    −                 −         362,654
Total liabilities                                                             683,379              11,943               1,883              11,526               (518)         708,213
Equity
Limited recourse capital notes                                                    1,500                   −                  −                    −           (1,500)                −
Perpetual preferred shares                                                        2,720                   −             2,830                     −           (5,550)                −
Non-participating shares                                                               −                  −               950                     −                 −              950
Participating shareholders’ equity                                              22,616               6,660            21,193                 2,844           (32,120)          21,193
Non-controlling interests [5][6]                                                  3,015                  60                  −                 467           15,580            19,122
Total equity                                                                    29,851               6,720            24,973                 3,311           (23,590)          41,265
Total liabilities and equity                                                  713,230              18,663             26,856               14,837            (24,108)         749,478
[1] Includes consolidated investment funds and their controlled investments, Wealthsimple and standalone businesses.
[2] Indirectly held through Parjointco. The holding company balance sheet includes the Corporation’s investment in GBL, which is separately presented in Note 20 of the
    Interim Consolidated Financial Statements.
[3] The assets of Lifeco, IGM, and Alternative Asset Investment Platforms and Other exclude the corporate allocation of goodwill and intangible assets.
[4] The debentures and other debt instruments of controlled and consolidated investments are secured by their assets which are non-recourse to the Corporation.
[5] Lifeco’s non-controlling interests include the Participating Account surplus in subsidiaries.
[6] Non-controlling interests in Effect of consolidation represent non-controlling interests in the equity of Lifeco, IGM, SHMI, and controlled and consolidated investments.




                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                            A  53
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       Consolidated assets and liabilities
                                       Total assets of the Corporation increased to $822.5 billion at September 30, 2024, compared with $749.5 billion at




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       December 31, 2023, primarily due to the impact of equity market movement as well as currency movement, partially offset by the
                                       divestiture of Putnam.
                                       Liabilities increased to $780.0 billion at September 30, 2024, compared with $708.2 billion at December 31, 2023, mainly
                                       due to the following, as disclosed by Lifeco:
                                          Insurance contract liabilities increased by $9.0 billion, primarily due to market movements and the impact of currency
                                             movements.
                                          Investment contract liabilities decreased by $1.3 billion, primarily due to normal business movements, partially offset by
                                             market movements and the impact of currency movements.
                                          Investment and insurance contracts on account of segregated fund policyholders increased by $58.9 billion, primarily
                                             due to the combined impact of market value gains and investment income of $48.3 billion, and the positive impact of
                                             currency movement of $9.3 billion.
                                       Insurance and investment contract liabilities represent the amounts that, together with estimated future premiums and
                                       investment income, will be sufficient to pay estimated future benefits, dividends and expenses on policies in force. Insurance
                                       and investment contract liabilities are determined using generally accepted actuarial practices, according to standards
                                       established by the Canadian Institute of Actuaries. Refer to Part B of this MD&A for additional information.
                                       Parts B and C of this MD&A include a discussion of the consolidated balance sheets of Lifeco and IGM, respectively.

                                       HOLDING COMPANY BALANCE SHEETS
                                       In the holding company balance sheets shown below, Power Corporation and Power Financial are shown on a combined
                                       basis; investments in subsidiaries are presented using the equity method. This presentation assists the reader by identifying
                                       changes in the combined holding company balance sheet of Power Corporation and Power Financial, and presents the
                                       investment activities, as well as the holding company’s assets and liabilities, including cash, debentures and non-
                                       participating shares.
                                                                                                                                                                                         September 30,    December 31,
                                                                                                                                                                                                2024            2023

                                       Holding company assets
                                       Cash and cash equivalents [1]                                                                                                                              1,356         1,218
                                       Investment in:
                                         Lifeco                                                                                                                                                  16,240        15,326
                                         IGM                                                                                                                                                      3,911         3,702
                                         GBL [2]                                                                                                                                                  3,829         3,717
                                         Sagard and Power Sustainable [3]                                                                                                                         1,490         1,861
                                                                     [4]
                                         Standalone businesses                                                                                                                                     416            641
                                       Other assets and investments [5]                                                                                                                            451            391
                                       Total holding company assets                                                                                                                              27,693        26,856
                                       Holding company liabilities
                                       Debentures and other debt instruments [6]                                                                                                                   897            897
                                       Other liabilities                                                                                                                                          1,039           986
                                       Total holding company liabilities                                                                                                                          1,936         1,883
                                       Holding company equity
                                       Perpetual preferred shares [7]                                                                                                                             2,830         2,830
                                       Non-participating shares                                                                                                                                    950            950
                                       Participating shareholders’ equity                                                                                                                        21,977        21,193
                                       Total holding company equity                                                                                                                              25,757        24,973
                                       Total holding company liabilities and equity                                                                                                              27,693        26,856
                                       [1] Cash equivalents include $317 million ($304 million at December 31, 2023) of fixed income securities with maturities of more than three months. In accordance with
                                           IFRS, these are classified as investments in the Interim Consolidated Financial Statements.
                                       [2] Indirectly held through Parjointco.
                                       [3] Includes Power Financial’s investments in Portage Ventures I, Portage Ventures II and Wealthsimple, presented using the equity method.
                                       [4] Controlled standalone business is presented using the equity method for purposes of the holding company presentation.
                                       [5] Includes $83 million of dividends declared in the second quarter by IGM (same as at December 31, 2023) and received by Power Financial on October 31, 2024. Other
                                           investments include portfolio investments in private investment funds, classified as FVPL. At September 30, 2024, the Corporation had outstanding commitments to
                                           make future capital contributions to these funds for an aggregate amount of $28 million.
                                       [6] Includes Power Financial’s debentures of $250 million at September 30, 2024 (same as at December 31, 2023).
                                       [7] Perpetual preferred shares issued by Power Financial.



                                             A  54                                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


Cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents held by the Corporation and Power Financial amounted to $1,356 million at September 30, 2024,




                                                                                                                                                                             PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
compared with $1,218 million at the end of December 2023 (see “Holding Company Statements of Cash Flows” below for
details).
The cash and cash equivalents held within the investment activities of Sagard and Power Sustainable amounted to $21 million
at September 30, 2024 ($120 million at December 31, 2023) and are included in the carrying amount of the investment
platforms.

Investments

INVES TMENTS IN LIFECO, IG M AND GBL (A T E Q U I T Y )
The table below presents a continuity of the investments in Lifeco, IGM and GBL, which are presented using the equity method
for the purposes of the holding company presentation. The carrying value of the investments in Lifeco, IGM and GBL,
accounted for using the equity method, increased to $23,980 million at September 30, 2024, compared with $22,745 million
at December 31, 2023:
                                                                                                           Lifeco                 IGM             GBL [1]          Total

Carrying value, at the beginning of the year                                                             15,326                  3,702            3,717          22,745
  Contribution from adjusted net earnings                                                                  2,061                  408                13           2,482
  Contribution from adjustments                                                                             (135)                   (5)                −           (140)
  Contribution from discontinued operations – Putnam                                                          (48)                  (1)                −              (49)
  Share of other comprehensive income (loss)                                                                 142                   67               164             373
  Dividends                                                                                               (1,058)                 (250)             (92)          (1,400)
  Effect of changes in ownership and other                                                                    (48)                 (10)              27               (31)
Carrying value, at September 30, 2024                                                                    16,240                  3,911            3,829          23,980
[1] Indirectly held through Parjointco.


ALTERNATIVE ASS ET INVES TMENT PLATFORMS
The table below presents the components of the alternative asset investment platforms, Sagard and Power Sustainable. The
asset management companies, and controlled and consolidated investments held through the investment platforms, are
presented using the equity method for the purposes of the holding company presentation.
Alternative asset investment platforms are comprised of the following investments:
                                                                                                                                          September 30,     December 31,
Carrying value, as at                                                                                                                            2024             2023

Asset management companies
  Sagard                                                                                                                                           137              108
  Power Sustainable                                                                                                                                   5                −
Investing activities
  Sagard [1]                                                                                                                                       839              721
  Power Sustainable                                                                                                                                509            1,032
                                                                                                                                                 1,490            1,861
[1] Includes Power Financial’s investments in Portage Ventures I, Portage Ventures II and Wealthsimple.


Income Taxes
The non-capital losses of the holding company, at September 30, 2024, were $1,450 million ($1,398 million for which the
benefits have not been recognized) and are available to reduce future taxable income (including capital gains). These losses
expire from 2028 to 2044.
The capital losses of the holding company, at September 30, 2024, were $144 million, the benefits of which have not been
recognized, and can be used indefinitely to offset capital gains.




                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                A  55
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       Equity

                                       NON- PAR TICIPATING S HAR ES




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       Non-participating (preferred) shares of the Corporation consist of five series of First Preferred Shares with an aggregate share
                                       capital of $950 million at September 30, 2024 (same as at December 31, 2023), all of which are non-cumulative. All series are
                                       perpetual preferred shares and are redeemable in whole or in part solely at the Corporation’s option.
                                       The terms and conditions of the outstanding First Preferred Shares are described in Note 20 of the Corporation’s 2023
                                       Consolidated Financial Statements.

                                       PAR TICIPATING S HAR EHOLDERS ’ EQU ITY
                                       Participating shareholders’ equity was $21,977 million at September 30, 2024, compared with $21,193 million at
                                       December 31, 2023:
                                       Nine months ended September 30                                                                                                                   2024      2023

                                       Participating shareholders’ equity, at the beginning of the year                                                                               21,193    20,911
                                       Changes in participating shares
                                         Purchase for cancellation of subordinate voting shares under NCIB                                                                              (121)     (141)
                                         Issuance of subordinate voting shares (2,060,448 shares in 2024 and 1,119,631 shares in 2023)
                                           under the Corporation’s Executive Stock Option Plans                                                                                          75        37
                                                                                                                                                                                         (46)     (104)
                                       Changes in retained earnings
                                        Net earnings before dividends on non-participating shares                                                                                      1,849     1,828
                                        Dividends declared                                                                                                                            (1,133)   (1,083)
                                        Purchase for cancellation of subordinate voting shares under NCIB                                                                               (188)     (199)
                                        Realized gains (losses) on FVOCI equity instruments transferred to retained earnings                                                            135        (15)
                                        Effects of changes in capital and ownership of subsidiaries, and other                                                                           25       138
                                                                                                                                                                                        688       669
                                       Changes in reserves
                                        Other comprehensive income (loss)
                                          Foreign currency translation adjustments                                                                                                      184          5
                                          Investment revaluation and cash flow hedges                                                                                                   (188)      89
                                          Actuarial gains (losses) on defined benefit plans                                                                                             144        35
                                          Share of Parjointco and other jointly controlled corporations and associates                                                                   67       (273)
                                        Share-based compensation, including the effect of changes in capital and ownership of subsidiaries                                               (65)      16
                                                                                                                                                                                        142       (128)
                                       Participating shareholders’ equity, at September 30                                                                                            21,977    21,348


                                       The book value per participating share (refer to the section “Other Measures”) of the Corporation was $34.00 at
                                       September 30, 2024, compared with $32.49 at the end of 2023.




                                            A  56                                       P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


OU TS TANDING NU MBER OF PAR TICIPATING S HARES
At the date of this MD&A, there were 54,860,866 participating preferred shares of the Corporation outstanding (same as
at December 31, 2023), and 590,928,670 subordinate voting shares of the Corporation outstanding, compared with




                                                                                                                                     PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
597,387,873 at December 31, 2023.
At the date of this MD&A, options were outstanding to purchase up to an aggregate of 20,909,582 subordinate voting shares
of the Corporation, including 7,836,478 subordinate voting shares issuable pursuant to options under the Power Financial
Employee Stock Option Plan, which has been assumed by the Corporation.

NOR MAL COURS E ISSU ER BIDS
The Corporation’s Normal Course Issuer Bid (NCIB) that commenced on March 1, 2023 expired on February 29, 2024. The
Corporation repurchased 2.1 million Subordinate Voting Shares for a total of $82 million pursuant to this bid in the first quarter
of 2024 (9.3 million Subordinate Voting Shares for a total of $340 million during the nine-month period ended September 30,
2023).
On March 1, 2024, the Corporation commenced a new NCIB which is effective until the earlier of February 28, 2025 and the
date on which the Corporation has purchased the maximum permitted number of Subordinate Voting Shares. Pursuant to
this bid, the Corporation may purchase up to 25 million of its Subordinate Voting Shares outstanding (representing
approximately 4.6% of the public float of Subordinate Voting Shares outstanding at February 16, 2024) at market prices. At
September 30, 2024, the Corporation had repurchased 5.8 million Subordinate Voting Shares for a total of $227 million.
In connection with its NCIB, the Corporation has entered into an automatic share purchase plan (ASPP) and may provide
parameters thereunder from time to time to allow a designated broker to purchase Subordinate Voting Shares under the
NCIB at times when the Corporation would ordinarily not be permitted to purchase shares due to regulatory restrictions or
self-imposed blackout periods. Outside of these predetermined trading blackout periods, purchases under the Corporation’s
NCIB will be completed at management’s discretion. The ASPP has been effective since March 1, 2024, the commencement
date of the NCIB.

SUBSEQUENT EVENT
Subsequent to quarter-end, the Corporation purchased and cancelled, as at November 12, 2024, an additional 0.7 million
Subordinate Voting Shares pursuant to its current NCIB for a total of $30 million.


ADJUSTED N ET ASSET VALUE

Adjusted net asset value is presented for Power Corporation and represents management’s estimate of the fair value of the
participating shareholders’ equity of the Corporation. Adjusted net asset value is calculated as the fair value of the assets of
the combined Power Corporation and Power Financial holding company less their net debt and preferred shares. In
determining the fair value of assets, investments in subsidiaries, jointly controlled corporations and associates are adjusted to
fair value as follows:
  Investments in publicly traded companies are valued at their market value, measured as the closing share price on the
    reporting date;
  Investments in private entities are valued at fair value based on management’s estimate using consistently applied
    valuation models either based on a valuation multiple or discounted cash flows. Certain valuations are prepared by
    external valuators or subject to review by external valuators. Market-comparable transactions are generally used to
    corroborate the estimated fair value. The value of investments in private entities is presented net of any management
    incentives; and
  Investments in investment funds are valued at the fair value reported by the fund which is net of carried interest or other
    incentives.
The presentation of the participating shareholders’ equity at fair value is not in accordance with IFRS; adjusted net asset value
is a non-IFRS financial measure. Refer to the section “Non-IFRS Financial Measures” for a description and a reconciliation of
IFRS and non-IFRS financial measures.




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4   A  57
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       The Corporation’s adjusted net asset value is presented on a look-through basis. The combined holding company balance
                                       sheets of Power Corporation and Power Financial include the investments held in public entities through Power Financial
                                       (Lifeco, IGM and GBL), and the net debt and preferred shares of Power Financial. The adjusted net asset value per share, a non-




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       IFRS ratio, was $57.92 at September 30, 2024, compared with $53.53 at December 31, 2023, representing an increase of 8.2%.
                                       The Corporation’s book value per participating share (refer to the section “Other Measures”) was $34.00 at September 30,
                                       2024, compared with $32.49 at December 31, 2023, representing an increase of 4.6%.
                                                                                                                                             September 30, 2024                                            December 31, 2023
                                                                                                                Holding                                                           Holding
                                                                                                               company              Fair value         Adjusted net              company            Fair value   Adjusted net
                                                                                                           balance sheet           adjustment           asset value          balance sheet         adjustment     asset value
                                       Holding company assets
                                       Investments
                                         Power Financial
                                           Lifeco                                                                16,240                13,067               29,307                  15,326            12,545         27,871
                                           IGM                                                                     3,911                2,092                 6,003                   3,702            1,477          5,179
                                           GBL [1]                                                                 3,829                (1,510)               2,319                   3,717            (1,422)        2,295
                                         Alternative asset investment platforms
                                           Asset management companies [2]
                                             Sagard                                                                  137                   265                  402                     108              157            265
                                             Power Sustainable                                                          5                     −                    5                       −                −              −
                                           Investing activities
                                             Sagard [3][4]                                                           839                   731                1,570                     721              341          1,062
                                             Power Sustainable [5]                                                   509                   548                1,057                   1,032              467          1,499
                                         Standalone businesses                                                       416                   265                  681                     641              159            800
                                       Cash and cash equivalents                                                   1,356                      −               1,356                   1,218                 −         1,218
                                       Other assets and investments [5]                                              451                      −                 451                     391                 −           391
                                       Total holding company assets                                              27,693                15,458               43,151                  26,856            13,724         40,580
                                       Holding company liabilities and
                                        non-participating shares
                                       Debentures and other debt instruments                                         897                      −                 897                     897                 −           897
                                       Other liabilities [6]                                                       1,039                      −               1,039                     986                 −           986
                                       Non-participating shares and
                                        perpetual preferred shares                                                 3,780                      −               3,780                   3,780                 −         3,780
                                       Total holding company liabilities and
                                        non-participating shares                                                   5,716                      −               5,716                   5,663                 −         5,663
                                       Net value
                                       Participating shareholders’ equity (IFRS) /
                                        Adjusted net asset value (non-IFRS)                                      21,977                15,458               37,435                  21,193            13,724         34,917
                                       Per share                                                                   34.00                                     57.92                    32.49                           53.53
                                       [1] The Corporation’s share of GBL’s reported net asset value was $4.1 billion (€2.7 billion) at September 30, 2024 ($3.8 billion (€2.6 billion) at December 31, 2023).
                                       [2] The management company of Sagard is presented at its fair value. The management company of Power Sustainable is presented at its carrying value.
                                       [3] Includes the Corporation’s investments in Portage Ventures I, Portage Ventures II and Wealthsimple, held by Power Financial.
                                       [4] Includes $21 million of cash held within the Sagard investing activities at September 30, 2024 (cash and other assets of $21 million at December 31, 2023).
                                       [5] At the end of March 2024, Power Sustainable made a strategic decision to wind down the Power Sustainable China strategy; the Corporation’s remaining investments
                                           are included in other assets and investments.
                                       [6] In accordance with IAS 12, Income Taxes, no deferred tax liability is recognized with respect to temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries and
                                           jointly controlled corporations as the Corporation is able to control the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences and it is probable that the temporary differences
                                           will not reverse in the foreseeable future. If the Corporation were to dispose of an investment in a subsidiary or a jointly controlled corporation, income taxes payable on
                                           such disposition would be minimized through careful and prudent tax planning and structuring, as well as with the use of available tax attributes not otherwise recognized
                                           on the balance sheet, including tax losses, tax basis, safe income and foreign tax surplus associated with the subsidiary or jointly controlled corporation.


                                       Investments measured at market value and cash represent 90.8% of the total assets at fair value at September 30, 2024
                                       (92.2% at December 31, 2023). A 10% change in the market value of publicly traded investments would result in a change in
                                       the Corporation’s adjusted net asset value of $3,778 million or $5.85 per share.




                                             A  58                                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


CASH FLOWS




                                                                                                                                                                                         PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (CONDENSED)
The condensed cash flows of Lifeco, IGM and the holding company cash flows of Power Corporation and Power Financial on
a combined basis, as well as the Corporation’s alternative asset investment platforms, are presented below. These tables
reconcile the holding company statement of cash flows to the condensed consolidated statement of cash flows of the
Corporation for the nine-month periods ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, which are included in Note 20 of the Interim
Consolidated Financial Statements. This presentation assists the reader in assessing the cash flows of the holding company.
Nine months ended September 30                                                                                                                                                   2024
                                                                                                                                   Alternative Asset
                                                                                                                                         Investment                             Power
                                                                                                                       Holding        Platforms and           Effect of    Corporation
                                                                              Lifeco                  IGM             company                Other [1]   consolidation    Consolidated

Cash flows from:
  Operating activities                                                        2,751                   794                 1,284                 (113)          (1,255)          3,461
  Financing activities                                                       (1,770)                 (332)               (1,459)                405             1,464          (1,692)
  Investing activities                                                         (403)                 (367)                  313                 (275)            (319)         (1,051)
Effect of changes in exchange rates
  on cash and cash equivalents                                                  192                      −                     −                    6                −             198
Increase (decrease) in cash and
  cash equivalents                                                              770                     95                  138                   23             (110)             916
Cash and cash equivalents,
 beginning of the year                                                        8,117                   545                 1,218                 639              (207)        10,312
Cash and cash equivalents, at September 30                                    8,887                   640                 1,356                 662              (317)        11,228
[1] Includes consolidated investment funds and their controlled investments, Wealthsimple and standalone businesses.


Nine months ended September 30                                                                                                                                                   2023
                                                                                                                                   Alternative Asset
                                                                                                                                         Investment                             Power
                                                                                                                       Holding        Platforms and           Effect of    Corporation
                                                                              Lifeco                  IGM             company                Other [1]   consolidation    Consolidated

Cash flows from:
  Operating activities [2]                                                    3,085                   609                 1,116                   11           (1,102)          3,719
  Financing activities                                                       (2,952)                  494                (1,478)              1,234             1,079          (1,623)
  Investing activities [2]                                                     (131)               (1,619)                  560              (1,005)               77          (2,118)
Effect of changes in exchange rates
  on cash and cash equivalents                                                    34                     −                     −                    1               (2)            33
Increase (decrease) in cash and
  cash equivalents                                                                36                 (516)                  198                 241                52              11
Cash and cash equivalents,
 beginning of the year                                                        7,290                 1,073                 1,277                 493              (285)          9,848
Cash and cash equivalents from continuing
 and discontinued operations, at
 September 30                                                                 7,326                   557                 1,475                 734              (233)          9,859
Less: cash and cash equivalents from
 discontinued operations, at September 30 [3]                                  (348)                     −                     −                   −                 −           (348)
Cash and cash equivalents, at September 30                                    6,978                   557                 1,475                 734              (233)          9,511
[1] Includes consolidated investment funds and their controlled investments, Wealthsimple and standalone businesses.
[2] The cash flows related to Lifeco’s sales, maturities, repayments and purchases of portfolio investments have been reclassified to Operating activities to align with its practice
    of managing the matching of general fund assets with insurance and investment contract liabilities. This activity had previously been presented in Investing activities.
[3] On January 1, 2024, Lifeco completed the sale of Putnam to Franklin Templeton. The cash flows related to the discontinued operations have been presented separately.




                                     P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                           A  59
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       Consolidated cash and cash equivalents increased by $916 million in the nine-month period ended September 30, 2024,
                                       compared with an increase of $11 million in the corresponding period in 2023.




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       Operating activities produced a net inflow of $3,461 million in the nine-month period ended September 30, 2024, compared
                                       with a net inflow of $3,719 million in the corresponding period in 2023.
                                       Cash flows from financing activities, which include the issuance and repayment of capital instruments, the issuance and
                                       repurchase of participating and preferred shares, the issuance and redemption of common shares, limited-life fund and
                                       redeemable units by subsidiaries, dividends paid on the participating and non-participating shares of the Corporation, and
                                       dividends paid by subsidiaries to non-controlling interests and increases and repayments of obligations to securitization
                                       entities by IGM, represented a net outflow of $1,692 million in the nine-month period ended September 30, 2024, compared
                                       with a net outflow of $1,623 million in the corresponding period in 2023.
                                       Cash flows from investing activities resulted in a net outflow of $1,051 million in the nine-month period ended September 30,
                                       2024, compared with a net outflow of $2,118 million in the corresponding period in 2023.
                                       Parts B and C of this MD&A include a discussion of the cash flows of Lifeco and IGM, respectively.

                                       HOLDING COMPANY STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
                                       As Power Corporation is a holding company, corporate cash flows are primarily comprised of dividends received, income
                                       from investments and income (loss) from cash and cash equivalents, less operating expenses, financing charges, income
                                       taxes, and non-participating and participating share dividends.
                                       The following combined statements of cash flows of Power Corporation and Power Financial present the cash flows of the
                                       holding company. This presentation has been prepared to assist the reader as it isolates the cash flows of the activities of the
                                       holding company.
                                       Nine months ended September 30                                                                                                                           2024     2023

                                       Operating activities of the holding company
                                       Dividends
                                        Lifeco                                                                                                                                              1,058         991
                                        IGM                                                                                                                                                     250       250
                                        GBL                                                                                                                                                      92        92
                                                                                            [1]
                                       Corporate operations, net of non-cash items                                                                                                              (116)    (217)
                                                                                                                                                                                            1,284       1,116
                                       Financing activities of the holding company
                                       Dividends paid on:
                                        Non-participating shares                                                                                                                                 (39)      (39)
                                        Participating shares                                                                                                                               (1,073)      (1,028)
                                        Perpetual preferred shares                                                                                                                              (105)    (103)
                                       Issuance of subordinate voting shares                                                                                                                     68        34
                                       Repurchase of subordinate voting shares                                                                                                                  (309)    (340)
                                       Other                                                                                                                                                      (1)       (2)
                                                                                                                                                                                           (1,459)      (1,478)
                                       Investing activities of the holding company
                                       Distributions and proceeds from disposal of investments [2]                                                                                              606     1,450
                                       Purchase of additional interest in Lifeco                                                                                                                  −      (553)
                                       Purchase of investments                                                                                                                                  (288)    (335)
                                       Other                                                                                                                                                      (5)       (2)
                                                                                                                                                                                                313       560
                                       Increase in cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                                    138       198
                                       Cash and cash equivalents, at the beginning of the year                                                                                              1,218       1,277
                                       Cash and cash equivalents, at September 30                                                                                                           1,356       1,475
                                       [1] Includes changes in short-term receivables from, and payables to, investment platforms.
                                       [2] Includes proceeds from disposal of the Corporation’s investments within Power Sustainable China in 2024 and its interest in ChinaAMC in 2023.




                                            A  60                                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


Cash and cash equivalents of the Corporation and Power Financial increased by $138 million in the nine-month period ended
September 30, 2024, compared with an increase of $198 million in the corresponding period in 2023.




                                                                                                                                                                                     PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
Operating activities resulted in a net inflow of $1,284 million in the nine-month period ended September 30, 2024, compared
with a net inflow of $1,116 million in the corresponding period in 2023. Dividends received from the publicly traded operating
companies include:
Nine months ended                                                                                                       September 30, 2024                     September 30, 2023
                                                                                                           Dividend               Total dividend   Dividend         Total dividend
(in millions of dollars; except as otherwise noted)                                                        per share                    received   per share              received

  Lifeco                                                                                                     1.6650                      1,058      1.5600                   991
  IGM                                                                                                        1.6875                        250      1.6875                   250

   Total dividend received from Parjointco was $92 million (€62 million) for the period ended September 30, 2024,
      compared with $92 million (€63 million) for the period ended September 30, 2023.
The Corporation’s financing activities during the nine-month period ended September 30, 2024 resulted in a net outflow of
$1,459 million, compared with a net outflow of $1,478 million in the corresponding period in 2023, and included:
   Dividends paid on non-participating and participating shares by the Corporation of $1,112 million, compared with
      $1,067 million in the corresponding period in 2023. In the nine-month period ended September 30, 2024, dividends
      paid on the Corporation’s participating shares were $1.6500 per share, compared with $1.5450 in the corresponding period
      in 2023.
   Dividends paid on preferred shares by Power Financial of $105 million, compared with $103 million in the corresponding
      period in 2023.
   Issuance of subordinate voting shares of the Corporation for $68 million pursuant to the Corporation’s Executive Stock
      Option Plan and the Power Financial Employee Stock Option Plan, compared with issuance for an amount of $34 million
      in the corresponding period in 2023.
   Repurchase of subordinate voting shares of $309 million, as part of the NCIB, in the nine-month period ended
      September 30, 2024, compared with repurchase for an amount of $340 million in the corresponding period in 2023.
The Corporation’s investing activities during the nine-month period ended September 30, 2024 resulted in a net inflow of
$313 million, compared with a net inflow of $560 million in the corresponding period in 2023.
Proceeds from disposal of investments and purchase of investments are comprised of investment activities of the Corporation
and in its investment platforms.
The Corporation increased its level of fixed income securities with maturities of more than three months, resulting in a net
outflow of $13 million in the nine-month period ended September 30, 2024, compared with a net inflow of $32 million in the
corresponding period in 2023.




                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                        A  61
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       CAPITAL MANAGEMENT




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       As a holding company, Power Corporation’s objectives in managing its capital are to:
                                          provide attractive long-term returns to shareholders of the Corporation;
                                          provide sufficient financial flexibility to pursue its growth strategy to invest on a timely basis in its operating companies
                                             and other investments as opportunities arise;
                                          maintain a capital structure that matches the long-term nature of its investments by maximizing the use of permanent
                                             capital;
                                          maintain an appropriate credit rating to ensure stable access to the capital markets; and
                                          maintain available cash and cash equivalents at a minimum of two times fixed charges.
                                       The Corporation manages its capital taking into consideration the risk characteristics and liquidity of its holdings. In order to
                                       maintain or adjust its capital structure, the Corporation may adjust the amount of dividends paid to shareholders, return capital
                                       to shareholders or issue capital.
                                       The Board of Directors of the Corporation is responsible for capital management. Management of the Corporation is
                                       responsible for establishing capital management procedures and for implementing and monitoring its capital plans. The
                                       Board of Directors of the Corporation reviews and approves capital transactions such as the issuance, redemption and
                                       repurchase of participating shares, non-participating shares and debentures. The boards of directors of the Corporation’s
                                       subsidiaries, as well as those of Parjointco and GBL, oversee and have the responsibility for their respective company’s capital
                                       management.
                                       With the exception of debentures and other debt instruments, the Corporation’s capital is permanent, matching the long-
                                       term nature of its investments. The capital structure of the Corporation consists of: debentures, non-participating shares,
                                       participating shareholders’ equity, and non-controlling interests. The Corporation views non-participating shares as a cost-
                                       effective source of permanent capital.
                                       The Corporation’s consolidated capitalization includes the debentures, preferred shares and other equity instruments, and
                                       other debt instruments issued by its consolidated subsidiaries. Debentures and other debt instruments issued by Power
                                       Financial, Lifeco, IGM and controlled investments are non-recourse to the Corporation. The Corporation does not guarantee
                                       debt issued by its subsidiaries. Non-participating shares and total equity accounted for 73% of consolidated capitalization at
                                       September 30, 2024.
                                                                                                                                                                                          September 30,    December 31,
                                                                                                                                                                                                 2024            2023

                                       Debentures and other debt instruments
                                       Power Corporation                                                                                                                                           647             647
                                       Power Financial                                                                                                                                             250             250
                                       Lifeco                                                                                                                                                     9,112          9,046
                                       IGM                                                                                                                                                        2,400          2,400
                                       Other [1]                                                                                                                                                  3,180          3,017
                                       Effect of consolidation                                                                                                                                      (88)           (88)
                                                                                                                                                                                                 14,854         14,625
                                                                                                                                                                                                 15,501         15,272
                                       Non-participating shares and other equity instruments
                                       Power Corporation                                                                                                                                           950             950
                                       Power Financial                                                                                                                                            2,830          2,830
                                       Lifeco                                                                                                                                                     4,220          4,220
                                                                                                                                                                                                  7,050          7,050
                                                                                                                                                                                                  8,000          8,000
                                       Equity
                                       Participating shareholders’ equity                                                                                                                        21,977         21,193
                                       Non-controlling interests [2]                                                                                                                             12,531         12,072
                                                                                                                                                                                                 34,508         33,265
                                                                                                                                                                                                 58,009         56,537
                                       [1] Includes other debt instruments of controlled and consolidated investments and standalone businesses; consists of $270 million ($299 million in 2023) of debt including
                                           revolving credit facilities held by the investment funds, $2,664 million ($2,490 million in 2023) of project-related debt held within the Power Sustainable Energy
                                           Infrastructure platform, and $246 million ($228 million in 2023) of other debt held by standalone businesses. The other debt instruments are secured by the assets of the
                                           controlled investments which are non-recourse to the Corporation. The other debt instruments held by standalone businesses are subject to certain financial covenants
                                           including a minimum cumulative earnings before interest, income taxes, depreciation and amortization (EBITDA) covenant. At September 30, 2024, this covenant was
                                           not in compliance; however, the lenders have provided a tolerance letter valid until November 30, 2024. See Note 9 B) to the Interim Consolidated Financial Statements
                                           for additional information.
                                       [2] Represents the non-controlling equity interests of the Corporation’s subsidiaries excluding Power Financial and Lifeco’s preferred shares and limited recourse capital
                                           notes, which are shown in this table as non-participating shares.



                                             A  62                                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


Power Corporation
  The Corporation filed a short-form base shelf prospectus dated November 16, 2022, pursuant to which, for a period of




                                                                                                                                  PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
    25 months thereafter, the Corporation may issue First Preferred Shares, subordinate voting shares, subscription receipts
    and unsecured debt securities, or any combination thereof. This filing provides the Corporation with the flexibility to
    access debt and equity markets on a timely basis.
  The Corporation commenced a NCIB on March 1, 2024 which is effective until the earlier of February 28, 2025 and the
    date on which the Corporation has purchased the maximum permitted number of subordinate voting shares. Refer to the
    section “Participating Shareholders’ Equity” for more information.

Power Financial
  Power Financial filed a short-form base shelf prospectus dated December 5, 2022, pursuant to which, for a period of
    25 months thereafter, Power Financial may issue up to an aggregate of $3 billion of First Preferred Shares and unsecured
    debt securities, or any combination thereof. This filing provides the Corporation with the flexibility to access debt and
    equity markets on a timely basis through Power Financial.

The Corporation itself is not subject to externally imposed regulatory capital requirements; however, Lifeco and certain of its
main subsidiaries, IGM’s subsidiaries and certain of the Corporation’s other subsidiaries are subject to regulatory capital
requirements. Parts B and C of this MD&A further describe the capital management activities of Lifeco and IGM, respectively.
See Note 23 to the Corporation’s 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.

RATINGS
The current rating by Standard & Poor’s (S&P) of the Corporation’s debentures is “A+” with a stable outlook. Dominion Bond
Rating Service’s (DBRS) current rating on the Corporation’s debentures is “A” with a stable rating trend.
Credit ratings are intended to provide investors with an independent measure of the credit quality of the securities of a
corporation and are indicators of the likelihood of payment and the capacity of a corporation to meet its obligations in
accordance with the terms of each obligation. Descriptions of the rating categories for each of the agencies set forth below
have been obtained from the respective rating agencies’ websites. These ratings are not a recommendation to buy, sell or
hold the securities of a corporation and do not address market price or other factors that might determine suitability of a
specific security for a particular investor. The ratings also may not reflect the potential impact of all risks on the value of
securities and are subject to revision or withdrawal at any time by the rating organization.
The “A+” rating assigned to the Corporation’s debentures by S&P is the fifth highest of the 22 ratings used for long-term debt.
A long-term debenture rated “A+” is somewhat more susceptible to the adverse effects of changes in circumstances and
economic conditions than obligations in higher-rated categories; however, the obligor’s capacity to meet its financial
commitment on the obligation is still strong.
The “A” rating assigned to the Corporation’s debentures by DBRS is the sixth highest of the 26 ratings used for long-term
debt. A long-term debenture rated “A” implies that the capacity for repayment is substantial, but of lesser credit quality than
AA, and may be vulnerable to future events, although qualifying negative factors are considered manageable.
The current rating by S&P of Power Financial’s debentures is “A+” with a stable outlook. DBRS’ current rating on Power
Financial’s debentures is “A (High)” with a stable trend.
Parts B and C of this MD&A provide information on the ratings of the debentures of Lifeco and IGM, respectively.




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4   A  63
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       RISK MANAGEMENT




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       Power Corporation is an international management and holding company that focuses on financial services in North America,
                                       Europe and Asia. Its core holdings are leading insurance, retirement, wealth management and investment businesses
                                       including a portfolio of alternative asset investment platforms. The Corporation, through Power Financial, holds a controlling
                                       interest in Lifeco and IGM and also holds a joint controlling interest in Parjointco, which itself holds a controlling interest in
                                       GBL. As a result, the Corporation bears the risks associated with being a significant shareholder of these operating companies.
                                       A complete description of these risks is presented in their public disclosures. The respective boards of directors of Lifeco,
                                       IGM and GBL are responsible for the risk oversight function at their respective companies. The risk committees of the boards
                                       of directors of Lifeco and IGM are responsible for their risk oversight. Certain officers of the Corporation are members of these
                                       boards and committees of these boards, including the risk committees, and, consequently, in their role as directors, they
                                       participate in the risk oversight function at the operating companies. Parts B and C of this MD&A further describe risks related
                                       to Lifeco and IGM, respectively.

                                       RISK OVERSIGHT
                                       The Corporation believes that a prudent approach to risk is achieved through a governance model that focuses on the active
                                       oversight of its investments. The Board of Directors and executive officers of the Corporation have overall oversight and
                                       responsibility for risk management associated with the investment activities and operations of the holding company and
                                       maintain a comprehensive and appropriate set of policies and controls.
                                       The Board of Directors provides oversight and carries out its risk management mandate and addresses operational risks
                                       primarily through the following committees:
                                         The Audit Committee addresses risks related to financial reporting and cybersecurity.
                                         The Human Resources Committee considers risks associated with the Corporation’s compensation policies and practices.
                                         The Governance and Sustainability Committee oversees the Corporation’s approach to appropriately address potential
                                           risks related to governance and sustainability matters.
                                         The Related Party and Conduct Review Committee reviews and considers for approval transactions with related parties
                                           of the Corporation.
                                       There are certain risks inherent in an investment in the securities of the Corporation and in the activities of the Corporation,
                                       which investors should carefully consider before investing in securities of the Corporation. The 2023 Annual MD&A reviews
                                       certain risks that could impact the financial condition and financial performance, and the value of the equity of the
                                       Corporation. This description of risks does not include all possible risks, and there may be other risks of which the Corporation
                                       is not currently aware.
                                       During the nine-month period ended September 30, 2024, there were no significant changes to the Corporation’s risk
                                       oversight approach, and the identification and management of the specific risks.

                                       Tax risk
                                       Under International Pillar Two tax reform, the OECD introduced a 15% global minimum tax (GMT or Pillar Two) regime that
                                       has been adopted by all countries in which the Corporation and its subsidiaries have significant operations, other than the
                                       United States. Canada enacted GMT legislation on June 20, 2024, which applies retroactively to January 1, 2024. Other
                                       countries where the Corporation and its subsidiaries have significant operations, including Barbados, Germany, Ireland and
                                       the United Kingdom, had previously enacted GMT legislation, also effective January 1, 2024.
                                       The Corporation and its subsidiaries currently expect GMT in Barbados, Ireland and Isle of Man, jurisdictions where the
                                       statutory tax rate is below 15%. In the third quarter of 2024, Lifeco recognized a GMT current tax expense of $23 million,
                                       primarily related to its operations in Barbados and Ireland, of which the Corporation’s share was $16 million ($89 million in
                                       the nine-month period ended September 30, 2024, of which the Corporation’s share was $62 million).




                                           A  64                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


FINANCIAL INSTRU MENTS AND OTHER INSTRUMENTS




                                                                                                                                                                    PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT
At September 30, 2024, there were changes to the carrying amounts and fair value of the Corporation and its subsidiaries’
assets and liabilities recorded at fair value since December 31, 2023. These changes did not have a material impact on the
financial condition of the Corporation and its subsidiaries. See Note 19 to the Corporation’s Interim Consolidated Financial
Statements for additional disclosure of the Corporation’s fair value measurement.

DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
In the course of their activities, the Corporation and its subsidiaries use derivative financial instruments. When using such
derivatives, they only act as limited end-users and not as market makers in such derivatives.
The use of derivatives is monitored and reviewed on a regular basis by senior management of the Corporation and by senior
management of its subsidiaries. The Corporation and its subsidiaries have each established operating policies, guidelines
and procedures relating to the use of derivative financial instruments, which in particular focus on:
  prohibiting the use of derivative instruments for speculative purposes;
  documenting transactions and ensuring their consistency with risk management policies;
  demonstrating the effectiveness of the hedging relationships; and
  monitoring the hedging relationships.
There were no major changes to the Corporation and its subsidiaries’ policies and procedures with respect to the use of
derivative instruments in the nine-month period ended September 30, 2024. The following table provides a summary of the
Corporation and its subsidiaries’ derivatives portfolio:
                                                                                                September 30, 2024                            December 31, 2023
                                                                                       Maximum                    Total              Maximum                Total
                                                                    Notional           credit risk           fair value   Notional   credit risk       fair value

Power Corporation                                                       548                   45                    43       367            20               20
Power Financial                                                           67                  14                    14         67           10               10
Lifeco                                                              58,834                 1,930                  414     51,909        2,219               931
IGM                                                                   2,112                   30                    (4)     1,903           43                (7)
Other subsidiaries                                                    1,991                   30                    (5)     1,270           57               44
                                                                    63,004                 2,004                  419     55,149        2,329               978
                                                                    63,552                 2,049                  462     55,516        2,349               998


During the nine-month period ended September 30, 2024, there was an increase of $8.0 billion in the notional amount of
derivatives outstanding, primarily due to increases in volume of regular hedging activities by Lifeco. The Corporation and its
subsidiaries’ exposure to derivative counterparty risk (which represents the current fair value of instruments in a gain position)
decreased to $2,049 million at September 30, 2024 from $2,349 million at December 31, 2023. The decrease was primarily
driven by the impact of the U.S. dollar strengthening against the Canadian dollar on cross-currency swaps that pay U.S. dollars
and receive Canadian dollars.
Parts B and C of this MD&A provide information on the types of derivative financial instruments used by Lifeco and IGM,
respectively.
See Note 29 to the Corporation’s 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                              A  65
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       GUARANTEES
                                       In the normal course of their operations, the Corporation and its subsidiaries may enter into certain agreements, the nature
                                       of which precludes the possibility of making a reasonable estimate of the maximum potential amount the Corporation or
                                       subsidiary could be required to pay third parties, as some of these agreements do not specify a maximum amount and the
                                       amounts are dependent on the outcome of future contingent events, the nature and likelihood of which cannot be
                                       determined. See also Note 35 to the Corporation’s 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements.

                                       LETTERS OF CREDIT
                                       In the normal course of its reinsurance business, Lifeco provides letters of credit to other parties or beneficiaries. A beneficiary
                                       will typically hold a letter of credit as collateral to secure statutory credit for insurance and investment contract liabilities ceded
                                       to or amounts due from Lifeco. Lifeco may be required to seek collateral alternatives if it is unable to renew existing letters of
                                       credit on maturity. See also Part B of this MD&A and Note 35 to the Corporation’s 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements.


                                       CONTINGENT LIABILITIES

                                       The Corporation and its subsidiaries are from time to time subject to legal actions, including arbitrations and class actions,
                                       arising in the normal course of business. It is inherently difficult to predict the outcome of any of these proceedings with
                                       certainty, and it is possible that an adverse resolution could have a material adverse effect on the consolidated financial
                                       position of the Corporation. However, based on information presently known, it is not expected that any of the existing legal
                                       actions, either individually or in the aggregate, will have a material adverse effect on the consolidated financial position of the
                                       Corporation. See also Parts B and C of this MD&A and Note 34 to the Corporation’s 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements.


                                       COMMITMENTS AND CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS

                                       At September 30, 2024, there have been no material changes in the contractual obligations of the Corporation and its
                                       subsidiaries from those reported in the 2023 Annual MD&A.


                                       SUMMARY OF CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AN D JU DGMENTS

                                       In the preparation of the financial statements, management of the Corporation and the managements of its subsidiaries are
                                       required to make significant judgments, estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, net
                                       earnings, comprehensive income and related disclosures. The results of the Corporation reflect the judgments of the
                                       managements of the Corporation and its subsidiaries regarding the impact of prevailing market conditions related to global
                                       credit, equities, investment properties and foreign exchange, as well as, with respect to Lifeco, prevailing health and mortality
                                       experience. Key sources of estimation uncertainty and areas where significant judgments are made by the management of
                                       the Corporation and the managements of its subsidiaries include: the entities to be consolidated or accounted for using the
                                       equity method, fair value measurements, expected credit losses, valuation of goodwill and intangible assets, valuation of
                                       insurance, reinsurance held and investment contract liabilities, income taxes, and pension plans and other post-employment
                                       benefits. These are described in the Corporation’s 2023 Annual MD&A and the notes to the Corporation’s 2023 Consolidated
                                       Financial Statements.


                                       CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES

                                       There were no changes to the Corporation’s accounting policies from those reported at December 31, 2023, except for:
                                       The Corporation adopted the amendments to IFRS Accounting Standards for IAS 7, Statement of Cash Flows, IFRS 7, Financial
                                       Instruments: Disclosures, and IFRS 16, Leases effective January 1, 2024. The adoption of these amendments did not have a
                                       material impact on the Corporation’s financial statements.




                                           A  66                                      P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


FUTURE ACCOUNTING CHANGES




                                                                                                                                                 PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
The Corporation and its subsidiaries monitor changes in IFRS, both proposed and released, by the International Accounting
Standards Board (IASB) and analyze the effect that changes in the standards may have on the consolidated financial
statements when they become effective. The following sets out standards released and updates to the Corporation’s 2023
Consolidated Financial Statements.
Standard                         Summary of future changes

IFRS 18 –                        In April 2024, the IASB published IFRS 18, Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements (IFRS 18). The
Presentation and Disclosure      standard aims to improve how companies communicate information in their financial statements, with a
in Financial Statements          focus on information about financial performance in the statement of earnings.
                                 IFRS 18 will require corporations to:
                                       Provide defined subtotals in the statement of earnings;
                                       Disclose information for any management-defined performance measures related to the statement of
                                           earnings; and
                                       Implement principles for the grouping of information in the financial statements, and whether to
                                           provide it in the primary financial statements or notes.
                                 The standard is effective for annual reporting periods beginning on or after January 1, 2027, with earlier
                                 application permitted. The Corporation is evaluating the impact of the adoption of this standard.

IFRS 9 –                         In May 2024, the IASB published amendments to IFRS 9, Financial Instruments and IFRS 7, Financial
Financial Instruments and        Instruments: Disclosures. The amendments clarify the classification of financial assets with environmental,
IFRS 7 -                         social and corporate governance and similar features, the settlement of liabilities through electronic
Financial Instruments:           payment systems, and introduce additional disclosure requirements to enhance transparency for investors.
Disclosures                      These amendments are effective for annual reporting periods beginning on or after January 1, 2026, with
                                 earlier application permitted. The Corporation is evaluating the impact of the adoption of these
                                 amendments.



TRANSACTIONS WITH RELATED PARTIES

Power Corporation has a Related Party and Conduct Review Committee composed entirely of Directors who are independent
of management and independent of the Corporation’s controlling shareholder. The mandate of this Committee is to review
proposed transactions with related parties of the Corporation, including its controlling shareholder, and to approve only those
transactions that it deems appropriate and that are done at market terms and conditions.
In the normal course of business, Power Corporation and its subsidiaries enter into various transactions which include capital
commitments to investment funds, including commitments from management, performance and base management fees paid
to subsidiaries of the group, employee ownership participations and loans to employees. Such transactions are at market
terms and conditions and are reviewed by the appropriate related party and conduct review committee.
In the normal course of business, Canada Life and other Lifeco subsidiaries enter into various transactions with related
companies which include providing group insurance benefits and sub-advisory services to other companies within the Power
Corporation group of companies. Such transactions are at market terms and conditions. These transactions are reviewed by
the appropriate related party and conduct review committee.
Lifeco provides asset management, employee benefits and administrative services for employee benefit plans relating to
pension and other post-employment benefits for its employees, employees of its subsidiaries, and employees of Power
Corporation and Power Financial. These transactions are at market terms and conditions and are reviewed by the appropriate
related party and conduct review committee.
IGM enters into transactions with subsidiaries of Lifeco. These transactions are in the normal course of operations and include
i) providing certain administrative and technology services; ii) distributing insurance products; and iii) the sale of residential
mortgages to Canada Life. These transactions are at market terms and conditions and are reviewed by the appropriate related
party and conduct review committee.
On May 6, 2024, Lifeco and Power Sustainable announced that they had entered into a long-term strategic partnership and
Lifeco acquired a minority interest in Power Sustainable Manager, a subsidiary of Power Sustainable. This transaction was at
market terms and conditions and was reviewed by the relevant related party and conduct review committee. Refer to the
section “Sagard and Power Sustainable”.
See Note 33 to the Corporation’s 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.




                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4           A  67
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       The Corporation’s internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
                                       reliability of financial reporting and that the preparation of financial statements for external purposes is in accordance with
                                       IFRS. The Corporation’s management, under the supervision of the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer, is
                                       responsible for establishing and maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting. All internal control systems
                                       have inherent limitations and may become ineffective because of changes in conditions. Therefore, even those systems
                                       determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and
                                       presentation.
                                       As a management and holding company, the Corporation’s business activities are carried out through its investments in
                                       businesses, each of which has its own management team. Accordingly, the Corporation’s management relies on the
                                       certifications filed by management of Lifeco and IGM pursuant to National Instrument 52-109 – Certification of Disclosure in
                                       Issuers’ Annual and Interim Filings, as well as a sub-certification process by management at its other significant subsidiaries
                                       and investees in order to make determinations regarding the Corporation’s disclosure controls and procedures and internal
                                       control over financial reporting.
                                       There have been no changes in the Corporation’s internal control over financial reporting during the three-month period
                                       ended September 30, 2024 which have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Corporation’s
                                       internal control over financial reporting.


                                       POWER FINANCIAL CORPORATION

                                       Power Financial relies on certain of the continuous disclosure documents filed by Power Corporation of Canada pursuant to
                                       an exemption from the requirements of National Instrument 51-102 – Continuous Disclosure Obligations and as provided in
                                       the decision of the Autorité des marchés financiers and the Ontario Securities Commission, dated September 10, 2024,
                                       regarding Power Financial and Power Corporation (the Decision). The following disclosure is provided further to the
                                       requirements of the Decision:
                                                                                                                                             Corporate               Effect of                      Total               Total
                                       At September 30, 2024                                                  Lifeco              IGM       and other [1]       consolidation             Power Financial   Power Corporation

                                       Total assets                                                       779,741             19,128            39,194                (23,197)                   814,866             822,543
                                       Total liabilities                                                  748,430             11,546            14,194                    (414)                  773,756             780,035
                                       [1] Includes Power Financial’s investment activities including its investment in Portage Ventures I, Portage Ventures II and Wealthsimple.



                                       For the three-month period ended September 30, 2024                                                                                                Power Financial   Power Corporation

                                       Cash flows from operations                                                                                                                                  1,292                1,267


                                       Further to the Decision, the earnings coverage ratios set forth below have been prepared in accordance with Item 6.1 of
                                       Form 44-101F1 – Short Form Prospectus:
                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Net earnings
                                                                                                                                                                                                                attributable to
                                                                                                                                                                                          Net earnings of      shareholders of
                                       For the twelve-month period ended September 30, 2024                                                                                               Power Financial      Power Financial

                                       Earnings coverage ratio (preferred shares (and debt)) [1]                                                                                                     6.3                   4.6
                                       Earnings coverage ratio (debt) [2]                                                                                                                            9.7                   7.1
                                       [1] The earnings coverage ratio (preferred shares (and debt)) is calculated based on net earnings of Power Financial before financing charges and income taxes for the
                                           twelve months ended September 30, 2024, divided by the aggregate dividend and financing charge requirements for this period. Power Financial’s annualized dividend
                                           requirements on all of its preferred shares including those of subsidiaries, have been adjusted to a pre-tax equivalent using effective income tax rates of 12.7% for the
                                           twelve months ended September 30, 2024.
                                       [2] The earnings coverage ratio (debt) is calculated based on net earnings of Power Financial before financing charges and income taxes for the twelve months ended
                                           September 30, 2024, divided by the aggregate financing charge requirements for this period.




                                             A  68                                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


NON-IFRS FINANCIAL MEASURES




                                                                                                                                                                          PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
DEFINITIONS
This MD&A presents and discusses financial measures which are not in accordance with IFRS. Management uses these
financial measures in its presentation and analysis of the financial performance of Power Corporation, and believes that they
provide additional meaningful information to readers in their analysis of the results of the Corporation. See also “Statement
Regarding Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Measures”. The non-IFRS financial measures and non-IFRS ratios used in
this MD&A are defined as follows:
Non-IFRS financial measure         Definition                                                                        Purpose
                                                                                              [1]
Adjusted net earnings              Net earnings from continuing operations                          excluding        Assists in the comparison of the current period’s
from continuing                    Adjustments.                                                                      underlying operating performance to that of
operations [1]                                                                                                       previous periods as it reflects management’s view
                                                                                                                     of the operating performance of the Corporation
                                                                                                                     and its subsidiaries, excluding items that are not
                                                                                                                     considered to be part of the underlying business
                                                                                                                     results.
                                                                                                                     As a holding company, management reviews and
                                                                                                                     assesses the performance of each operating
                                                                                                                     company’s contribution to net earnings and
                                                                                                                     adjusted net earnings.


  Adjustments                       After-tax impact of any item that in management’s                                Identifies items that are not considered part of
                                    judgment, including those identified by management                               operating performance by management,
                                    of its publicly traded operating companies, would                                including items identified by management of its
                                    make the period-over-period comparison of results                                publicly traded operating companies.
                                    from operations less meaningful.
                                    Includes the Corporation’s share of Lifeco’s impact of
                                    market-related impacts, where actual market returns
                                    in the current period are different than longer-term
                                    expected returns, assumption changes and
                                    management actions that impact the measurement of
                                    assets and liabilities, realized gains (losses) on the
                                    sale of assets measured at FVOCI, direct equity and
                                    interest rate impacts on the measurement of surplus
                                    assets and liabilities, and amortization of acquisition-
                                    related finite life intangible assets, as well as items
                                    that management believes are not indicative of the
                                    underlying business results which include those
                                    identified by a subsidiary or a jointly controlled
                                    corporation. Items that management and
                                    management of its subsidiaries believe are not
                                    indicative of the underlying business results include
                                    business transformation impacts (including
                                    restructuring or reorganization and integration costs,
                                    acquisition and divestiture costs), material legal
                                    settlements, material impairment charges, impacts of
                                    income tax rate changes on the remeasurement of
                                    deferred tax assets and liabilities and other tax
                                    impairments, certain non-recurring material items, net
                                    gains, losses or costs related to the disposition or
                                    acquisition of a business, and other items that, when
                                    removed, assist in explaining underlying operating
                                    performance.
                                    Effective the first quarter of 2024, the definition of
                                    Adjustments was modified to include the impact of
                                    the revaluation of non-controlling interests liabilities
                                    related to PSEIP which result from changes in fair
                                    value of assets held within the fund, and the share of
                                    earnings (losses) from the consolidated activities of
                                    PSEIP attributable to third-party investors. The
                                    comparative periods have been restated to reflect
                                    this change.

[1] Attributable to participating shareholders of Power Corporation.




                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                  A  69
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       Non-IFRS financial measure   Definition                                                                Purpose

                                       Adjusted net asset value     Adjusted net asset value represents the fair value of                     Presents the fair value of the participating




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                    the participating shareholders’ equity of Power                           shareholders’ equity of the holding company and
                                                                    Corporation. Adjusted net asset value is calculated as                    is used to assist in assessing value.
                                                                    the fair value of the assets of the combined Power                        This measure may be used by investors and
                                                                    Corporation and Power Financial holding company                           analysts in determining or comparing the fair
                                                                    less their net debt and preferred shares.                                 value of investments held by the holding company
                                                                    The investments held in publicly traded entities                          or its overall fair value.
                                                                    (including Lifeco, IGM and GBL) are measured at their
                                                                    market value and investments in private entities and
                                                                    investment funds are measured at management’s
                                                                    estimate of fair value.

                                       Consolidated assets and      Consolidated assets and assets under management                           Consolidated assets and assets under
                                       assets under                 includes total assets per the financial statements as                     management and Consolidated assets and assets
                                       management, and              well as assets managed on behalf of clients which are                     under administration provide an indicator of the
                                       Consolidated assets and      beneficially owned by clients and are not recognized                      size and volume of the Corporation’s consolidated
                                       assets under                 in the consolidated financial statements including:                       businesses, including the publicly traded
                                       administration                                                                                         operating companies and alternative asset
                                                                       Internally and externally managed funds,
                                                                          including proprietary mutual funds, exchange-                       investment platforms.
                                                                          traded funds and institutional assets, where the                    Consolidated assets and assets under
                                                                          Corporation’s publicly traded operating                             administration includes assets in which the
                                                                          companies and alternative asset investment                          Corporation’s consolidated publicly traded
                                                                          platforms have oversight of the investment                          operating companies and investment
                                                                          policies; and                                                       management services businesses only provide
                                                                       The fair value of assets managed on behalf of the                     administration services, which are an important
                                                                          clients by asset managers controlled within the                     aspect of the overall business and should be
                                                                                                                                              considered when comparing volumes, size and
                                                                          investment platforms, including assets managed
                                                                                                                                              trends.
                                                                          through a separately managed account.
                                                                    Services provided in respect of assets under
                                                                    management include the selection of investments, the
                                                                    provision of investment advice and discretionary
                                                                    portfolio management on behalf of clients.
                                                                    Consolidated assets and assets under administration
                                                                    includes consolidated assets under management and
                                                                    other assets under administration. Other assets under
                                                                    administration includes assets where the Corporation’s
                                                                    consolidated publicly traded operating companies
                                                                    and investment management services businesses only
                                                                    provide administration services for which they earn
                                                                    fees and other income. These assets are beneficially
                                                                    owned by the clients and the Corporation’s operating
                                                                    subsidiaries do not direct the investing activities.
                                                                    Services provided relating to assets under
                                                                    administration include record keeping, safekeeping,
                                                                    collecting investment income, settling of transactions
                                                                    or other administrative services.

                                       Fee-related earnings         Fee-related earnings is presented for Sagard and                          This measure is presented for the alternative asset
                                       (of alternative asset        Power Sustainable and includes revenues from                              investment platforms, Sagard and Power
                                       investment platforms)        management fees earned across all asset classes, less                     Sustainable, and is used to assess the profitability
                                                                    investment platform expenses which include i) fee-                        from their asset management activities. This
                                                                    related compensation including salary, bonus, and                         financial measure provides insight as to whether
                                                                    benefits, and ii) operating expenses. Fee-related                         recurring revenues from management fees, which
                                                                    earnings is presented on a gross pre-tax basis,                           are not based on future realization events, are
                                                                    including non-controlling interests.                                      sufficient to cover associated operating expenses.
                                                                    Fee-related earnings excludes i) share-based
                                                                    compensation expenses, ii) amortization of
                                                                    acquisition-related finite life intangible assets,
                                                                    iii) foreign exchange-related gains and losses,
                                                                    iv) net interest, and v) other items that in
                                                                    management’s judgment are not indicative of
                                                                    underlying operating performance of the alternative
                                                                    asset investment platforms, which include
                                                                    restructuring costs, transaction and integration costs
                                                                    related to business acquisitions and certain non-
                                                                    recurring material items.




                                            A  70                                       P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


Non-IFRS ratio                     Definition                                                                        Purpose

Adjusted net earnings              Earnings per share calculated using adjusted net                                  Assists in comparing adjusted net earnings from




                                                                                                                                                                                         PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
from continuing                    earnings from continuing operations.                                              continuing operations on a per share basis; refer
operations per share               Adjusted net earnings from continuing operations                                  to “Adjusted net earnings from continuing
                                   divided by the weighted average number of                                         operations” definition above.
                                   participating shares outstanding.

Adjusted net asset value           Adjusted net asset value calculated on a                                          Assists the reader in comparing the adjusted net
per share                          per share basis.                                                                  asset value on a per share basis; refer to “Adjusted
                                   Adjusted net asset value divided by the number of                                 net asset value” definition above.
                                   participating shares outstanding at the end of the
                                   reporting period.


These non-IFRS financial measures do not have a standard meaning and may not be comparable to similar measures used by
other entities.


RECONCILIATIONS OF IFRS AND NON-IFRS FINANCIAL MEASURES

Adjusted Net Earnings
The following table presents a reconciliation of adjusted net earnings, a non-IFRS financial measure, to net earnings reported
in accordance with IFRS. Adjusted net earnings is presented in the section “Contribution to Net Earnings and Adjusted Net
Earnings”:
                                                                                                                                Three months ended                Nine months ended
                                                                                           September 30,               June 30,       September 30,    September 30,    September 30,
                                                                                                  2024                    2024               2023             2024             2023
Adjusted net earnings from continuing operations –
 Non-IFRS financial measure [1]                                                                        542                  761              1,006            2,006            2,436
Share of Adjustments [2], net of tax
 Lifeco                                                                                               (143)                 (23)               (11)            (135)            (412)
 IGM                                                                                                     (3)                    (3)              −                (5)             (57)
 Power Sustainable                                                                                      (25)                    (5)              2                (7)             (40)
 Corporate operations and Other                                                                           −                     −                −                −               (54)
                                                                                                      (171)                 (31)                 (9)           (147)            (563)
Net earnings from continuing operations –
 IFRS financial measure [1]                                                                            371                  730                997            1,859            1,873
Net earnings (loss) from discontinued operations – Putnam                                                 −                     −              (22)             (49)              (84)
                                                [1]
Net earnings – IFRS financial measure                                                                  371                  730                975            1,810            1,789
[1] Attributable to participating shareholders of Power Corporation.
[2] Refer to the section “Adjustments” for more details on Adjustments from Lifeco, IGM, Power Sustainable, and Corporate operations and Other.




                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                             A  71
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       Adjustments (excluded from Adjusted net earnings)
                                       The following table presents the Corporation’s share of Adjustments on a pre- and post-tax basis:




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                                                                                   Three months ended                        Nine months ended
                                                                                                                                 September 30,              June 30,      September 30,           September 30,    September 30,
                                                                                                                                        2024                   2024              2023                    2024             2023
                                       Lifeco [1]
                                         Market experience relative to expectations (pre-tax)                                                 32                   30                 130                  155              (75)
                                              Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                     (4)                (11)                 (26)                (35)              11
                                         Assumption changes and management actions (pre-tax)                                                (161)                   2                  (85)               (157)             (82)
                                              Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                    22                   25                  13                   44               12
                                         Business transformation impacts (pre-tax) [2][3]                                                      (5)                (25)                 (23)                (75)            (139)
                                              Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                      2                   5                    6                  19               33
                                         Realized OCI gains (losses) from asset rebalancing (pre-tax)                                          −                    −                    −                   −              (99)
                                              Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                     −                    −                    −                   −               16
                                         Amortization of acquisition-related finite life
                                           intangible assets (pre-tax) [3]                                                                   (32)                 (35)                 (34)               (101)             (96)
                                              Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                      8                  10                    9                  26               25
                                         Tax legislative changes impact [3]                                                                    −                  (23)                   −                   −                −
                                                                                                                                            (138)                 (22)                 (10)               (124)            (394)
                                         Effect of consolidation (pre-tax) [4][5]                                                              (5)                  (1)                 (1)                (11)             (19)
                                             Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                      −                    −                    −                   −                1
                                                                                                                                            (143)                 (23)                 (11)               (135)            (412)
                                       IGM [1]
                                         Rockefeller debt refinancing (pre-tax)                                                                −                    (2)                  −                   (2)              −
                                              Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                     −                    −                    −                   −                −
                                         Gain on disposal of Lifeco shares (pre-tax)                                                           −                    −                    −                   −              108
                                              Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                     −                    −                    −                   −                (3)
                                         Restructuring charges (pre-tax)                                                                       −                    −                    −                   −              (64)
                                              Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                     −                    −                    −                   −               17
                                         IFRS 17 adjustment (pre-tax)                                                                          −                    −                    −                   −                9
                                              Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                     −                    −                    −                   −                −
                                         Share of Lifeco adjustments (pre-tax)                                                                 (3)                  −                   (6)                  (4)            (10)
                                              Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                     −                    −                    −                   −                −
                                                                                                                                               (3)                  (2)                 (6)                  (6)             57
                                         Effect of consolidation (pre-tax) [4]                                                                 −                    (1)                  6                   −             (124)
                                              Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                     −                    −                    −                   1               10
                                                                                                                                               (3)                  (3)                  −                   (5)            (57)
                                       Power Sustainable
                                        Reclassification to earnings of foreign currency gains on
                                         Power Sustainable China (pre-tax)                                                                     −                    −                    −                  54                −
                                            Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                       −                    −                    −                   −                −
                                        Revaluation of non-controlling interests liabilities (pre-tax) [5]                                   (25)                   (3)                  2                 (47)             (40)
                                            Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                       −                    −                    −                   −                −
                                        Restructuring charges (pre-tax)                                                                        −                    (2)                  −                 (14)               −
                                            Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                       −                    −                    −                   −                −
                                                                                                                                             (25)                   (5)                  2                   (7)            (40)
                                       Corporate operations and Other
                                        Transaction costs on disposal of ChinaAMC (pre-tax)                                                    −                    −                    −                   −              (14)
                                            Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                       −                    −                    −                   −                −
                                        Income taxes on disposal of ChinaAMC                                                                   −                    −                    −                   −              (40)
                                                                                                                                               −                    −                    −                   −              (54)
                                                                                                                                            (171)                 (31)                  (9)               (147)            (563)
                                       [1] As reported by Lifeco and IGM.
                                       [2] Business transformation impacts include restructuring and integration costs as well as acquisition and divestiture costs.
                                       [3] Included in other non-market related impacts.
                                       [4] The Effect of consolidation reflects i) the elimination of intercompany transactions, including the gain recognized by IGM on the sale of a portion of its interest in Lifeco
                                           to the Corporation, as well as IGM’s share of Lifeco’s IFRS 17 adjustment; and ii) the application of the Corporation’s accounting method for investments under common
                                           control to the Adjustments reported by Lifeco and IGM.
                                       [5] Effective the first quarter of 2024, the Corporation modified the definition of adjusted net earnings. The comparative periods have been restated to reflect this change.




                                             A  72                                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


Adjusted Net Asset Value
The following table presents a reconciliation of the participating shareholders’ equity reported in accordance with IFRS to the




                                                                                                                                                                     PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
adjusted net asset value, a non-IFRS financial measure. Adjusted net asset value is presented in the section “Adjusted Net
Asset Value”:
                                                                                                                                 September 30,       December 31,
                                                                                                                                        2024               2023

Participating shareholders’ equity – IFRS financial measure
  Share capital – participating shares                                                                                                  9,238               9,284
  Retained earnings                                                                                                                    10,693             10,005
  Reserves                                                                                                                              2,046               1,904
                                                                                                                                       21,977             21,193
Fair value adjustments [1]
  Lifeco                                                                                                                               13,067             12,545
  IGM                                                                                                                                   2,092               1,477
  GBL                                                                                                                                  (1,510)             (1,422)
  Sagard and Power Sustainable                                                                                                          1,544                  965
  Standalone businesses                                                                                                                   265                  159
                                                                                                                                       15,458             13,724
Adjusted net asset value – Non-IFRS financial measure                                                                                  37,435             34,917
             [2]
Per share
Participating shareholders’ equity (book value)                                                                                         34.00               32.49
Adjusted net asset value                                                                                                                57.92               53.53
[1] Refer to the section “Adjusted Net Asset Value” for more details on the fair value adjustments.
[2] Attributable to participating shareholders.


Consolidated Assets and Assets Under Management and Consolidated Assets and Assets Under Administration
                                                                                                                                 September 30,       December 31,
(In billions of dollars)                                                                                                                2024               2023

Total consolidated assets per financial statements [1]                                                                                    823                  749
    Other assets under management
        Continuing operations                                                                                                             447                  410
        Discontinued operations                                                                                                             −                  162
                                                                            [1]
Total consolidated assets and assets under management                                                                                   1,270               1,321
    Other assets under administration                                                                                                   2,150               1,787
                                                                             [1]
Total consolidated assets and assets under administration                                                                               3,420               3,108
[1] The amounts presented at December 31, 2023 included assets held for sale and other assets under management related to the discontinued operations of Putnam.




                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                         A  73
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       Fee-related earnings (of alternative asset investment platforms)
                                       The following table presents the reconciliation of the net earnings attributable to participating shareholders of Power




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       Corporation in accordance with IFRS to the fee-related earnings of the alternative asset investment platforms, a non-IFRS
                                       financial measure. Fee-related earnings is presented in the section “Asset Management Activities” of the section “Sagard and
                                       Power Sustainable”.
                                                                                                                                                                  Three months ended                        Nine months ended
                                                                                                                                September 30,              June 30,      September 30,           September 30,    September 30,
                                                                                                                                       2024                   2024              2023                    2024             2023
                                       Net earnings attributable to participating shareholders of Power
                                        Corporation – IFRS financial measure                                                               371                  730                 975                 1,810            1,789
                                       Excluding:
                                         Contribution to net earnings from Lifeco                                                          (567)               (670)                (612)              (1,878)          (1,334)
                                         Contribution to net earnings from IGM                                                             (133)               (136)                (137)                (402)            (337)
                                         Contribution to net earnings from GBL                                                               62                  (21)               (315)                 (13)            (424)
                                         Contribution to net earnings from Lifeco, IGM and GBL                                             (638)               (827)              (1,064)              (2,293)          (2,095)
                                         Contribution to net earnings from the holding company                                               95                   87                  80                  264              215
                                       Contribution to net earnings from Alternative Asset
                                        Investment Platforms and Other                                                                    (172)                  (10)                  (9)               (219)             (91)
                                       Excluding:
                                         Investing activities                                                                                47                  (14)                 (10)                 11               31
                                         Standalone businesses                                                                             107                     5                   (2)                144                (5)
                                       Contribution to net earnings from Asset Management Activities                                        (18)                 (19)                (21)                 (64)             (65)
                                       Adjustments:
                                       Sagard
                                         Non-controlling interests                                                                           12                    3                    −                  17                (3)
                                         Loss from private wealth platform and other asset
                                          management activities                                                                               −                    −                    2                   1                5
                                         Net carried interest                                                                               (22)                 (10)                   1                 (35)               5
                                         Share-based compensation                                                                              2                   4                    −                   6                6
                                         Amortization of intangibles                                                                           2                   1                    −                   4                1
                                                                        [1]
                                         Acquisition-related costs                                                                             3                   1                    1                   4                6
                                         Income taxes and other                                                                               (3)                 (2)                   −                   (9)              4
                                       Power Sustainable
                                         Non-controlling interests                                                                            (4)                 (1)                   −                   (5)              −
                                         Loss from development and asset management activities
                                          provided by Potentia and Nautilus on behalf of PSEIP                                                 6                   4                    7                  13               16
                                         Net carried interest                                                                                  8                   5                    3                  14                (3)
                                         Acquisition-related costs                                                                             8                   −                    −                   8                −
                                         Income taxes and other                                                                               (1)                  1                   (1)                  −                (1)
                                         Restructuring charges                                                                                −                    2                    −                  14                −
                                                                                                                                             11                    8                  13                   32               36
                                       Fee-related earnings (loss) – Non-IFRS financial measure                                               (7)                (11)                  (8)                (32)             (29)

                                       Sagard                                                                                                 −                   (2)                  (2)                  (6)              (5)
                                       Power Sustainable                                                                                      (7)                 (9)                  (6)                (26)             (24)
                                       [1] Includes transaction costs and changes in fair value related to contingent consideration.




                                             A  74                                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


OTHER MEASURES




                                                                                                                                                  PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
This MD&A also includes other measures, which include:
Term                                  Definition

Assets under management and           Operating asset management and investment management services businesses within the Power
 administration                       group, including IGM, alternative asset managers and Wealthsimple, present the total value of assets
                                      managed or administered which are beneficially owned by clients and are not recognized in the
                                      consolidated financial statements. The composition of the assets under management and
                                      administration is relative to the activities of the asset managers and are further defined as follows:

  Assets under management             AUM&A represents the consolidated AUM and AUA of IGM’s core businesses IG Wealth Management
   and advisement (AUM&A)             and Mackenzie Investments. The comparative figures presented, prior to the sale on November 30,
   of IGM                             2023, exclude the AUM and AUA of IPC, which was disclosed by IGM as discontinued operations. In
                                      IGM’s Wealth Management segment, AUM is a component part of AUA.
                                      Assets under management are client assets where IGM provides investment management services,
                                      and include investment funds where IGM is the fund manager, investment advisory mandates to
                                      institutions, and other client accounts where IGM has discretionary portfolio management
                                      responsibilities.
                                      Assets under advisement represents savings and investment products held within the client accounts
                                      of IGM’s Wealth Management segment’s core business.

  Assets under management             AUM&A including SI represents IGM’s AUM&A including its proportionate share of the AUM&A of
   and advisement including           strategic investments, based on IGM’s direct and indirect ownership of the strategic investments. The
   strategic investments              strategic investments included are those whose activities are primarily in asset and wealth
   (AUM&A including SI) of IGM        management, and include interests in ChinaAMC, Northleaf, Rockefeller and Wealthsimple.
                                      Rockefeller client assets include assets under management and advisement as well as assets held for
                                      investment purposes and only receiving administrative services.
  Assets under management of          Assets under management of investment platforms include:
   alternative asset investment          Net asset value of the investment funds and co-investment vehicles managed, including unfunded
   platforms
                                             commitments and permanent leverage;
                                         Gross asset value of investment funds managed within the real estate platform; and
                                         Fair value of assets managed on behalf of the Corporation and clients by asset managers controlled
                                             within the investment platforms, including assets managed through a separately managed account.

 Assets under administration of       Assets under administration includes the total value of assets held on behalf of clients and includes
  Wealthsimple                        client assets in which investment management services are provided.

Book value per                        Represents Power Corporation’s participating shareholders’ equity divided by the number of
 participating share                  participating shares outstanding at the end of the reporting period.

Carried interest                      Carried interest is earned through a contractual arrangement between alternative asset managers and
                                      the funds managed in which the asset manager earns a fixed percentage of investment returns over a
                                      predetermined hurdle return.

Fee-bearing capital                   Fee-bearing capital includes:
                                         Total capital commitments of venture capital, private equity, and certain private credit funds during
                                             the investment period;
                                         Net invested capital of private credit funds, funds which have completed their investment period,
                                             separately managed accounts within the credit platforms and certain co-investment vehicles;
                                         Net asset value of Power Sustainable China, Power Sustainable Energy Infrastructure including
                                             direct investments in energy assets, and funds within the real estate platform; and
                                         Invested capital or gross asset value of assets managed through separately managed accounts
                                             within the real estate platform.

Market capitalization                 Represents the aggregate market value of a company. Market capitalization is determined at a point
                                      in time and represents the number of outstanding shares multiplied by the closing share price.




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4              A  75
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       Term                               Definition
                                       Net asset value                    On a quarterly basis, GBL reports its net asset value as it represents an important criterion used in
                                        reported by GBL                   assessing its performance. GBL's net asset value represents the fair value of its investment portfolio, its




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                          gross cash, the present value of its Concentrix note and its treasury shares, less its gross debt.
                                                                             GBL’s investments held in listed entities and treasury shares are measured at their market value,
                                                                                the present value of the Concentrix note is calculated at the market rate taking into account
                                                                                Concentrix’s credit quality, investments in private entities are measured using the
                                                                                recommendations of the International Private Equity and Venture Capital Valuation Guidelines,
                                                                                and recent investments are valued at their acquisition cost, which represents GBL management’s
                                                                                best estimate.
                                                                             GBL Capital’s portfolio of investments is measured by adding all investments at fair value
                                                                                provided by the fund managers with GBL Capital’s net cash, less its net debt.
                                                                             Sienna Investment Managers’ assets are valued at the acquisition cost of the management
                                                                                companies, less, where applicable, impairments.
                                                                          For more information on GBL's net asset value and valuation principles, refer to its website
                                                                          (www.gbl.com).

                                       Net asset value of                 Net asset value of investment funds represents the fair value of the investments held within the fund,
                                        investment funds                  net of any liabilities.

                                       Net carried interest               Represents carried interest earned, net of direct employee costs which are usually recognized over
                                                                          the vesting period.

                                       Unfunded commitments               Represents the capital that has been committed by limited partners, but not called by the fund. In
                                                                          some cases, unfunded commitments include distributions for funds currently in the investment
                                                                          period, which are recallable by the fund.

                                       Weighted average                   Represents the weighted average management fee rate charged on the fee-bearing capital across all
                                       management fee rate                asset classes during the period.
                                                                          Management fees earned during the period are divided by the average fee-bearing capital of funds,
                                                                          co-investment vehicles and separately managed accounts during such period. Management fees
                                                                          include retroactive management fees earned during the period related to the timing of subsequent
                                                                          fundraising closes.




                                              A  76                                     P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


ABBREVIATIONS




                                                                                                                                                                                 PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
The following abbreviations are used throughout this report:
adidas                       adidas AG                                                     PEM                                 Performance Equity Management, LLC
Adjusted net earnings        Adjusted net earnings from continuing operations              PEM-PDI III                         Performance Direct Investments III, LP
Affidea                      Affidea Group B.V.                                            PEM-PDI IV                          Performance Direct Investments IV, LP
Alternative asset            Alternative Asset Investment Platforms                        PEM-PDI V                           Performance Direct Investments V, LP
   investment platforms or                                                                 PEM-PVC I                           Performance Venture Capital, LP
   Investment platforms                                                                    PEM-PVC II                          Performance Venture Capital II, LP
Canada Life                  The Canada Life Assurance Company                             PEM-PVC III                         Performance Venture Capital III, LP
Canyon                       Canyon Bicycles GmbH                                          PEM-PVC IV                          Performance Venture Capital IV, LP
ChinaAMC                     China Asset Management Co., Ltd.                              PEM-PVC V                           Performance Venture Capital V, LP
Concentrix                   Concentrix Corporation                                        PEM-PVC VI                          Performance Venture Capital VI, LP
Diagram                      Diagram Corporation                                           Pernod Ricard                       Pernod Ricard SA
Diagram ClimateTech          Diagram ClimateTech Fund LP                                   Pillar Two                          Pillar Two Global Anti-Base Erosion Model Rules
Diagram Opportunity          Diagram Opportunity Fund I LP                                                                       published by the OECD
Diagram Ventures I           Diagram Ventures LP                                           Portage Capital Solutions           Portage Capital Solutions Fund I LP
Diagram Ventures II          Diagram Ventures II LP                                        Portage Ventures I                  Portag3 Ventures Limited Partnership
Diagram Ventures III         Diagram Ventures III LP                                       Portage Ventures II                 Portag3 Ventures II Limited Partnership
EBR                          Euronext Brussels                                             Portage Ventures III                Portage Ventures III Limited Partnership
Empower                      Empower Annuity Insurance Company of America                  Portage Ventures IV                 Portage Ventures IV Limited Partnership
EPA                          Euronext Paris                                                Potentia or Potentia Renewables     Potentia Renewables Inc.
EverWest                     EverWest Holdings Inc.                                        Power Financial                     Power Financial Corporation
Franklin Templeton           Franklin Resources, Inc.                                      Power Sustainable                   Power Sustainable Capital Inc.
FVOCI                        Fair value through other comprehensive income                 Power Sustainable China             Power Sustainable Investment Management Inc.
FVPL                         Fair value through profit or loss                             Power Sustainable Energy            Power Sustainable Energy Infrastructure Inc.
GBL                          Groupe Bruxelles Lambert                                      Power Sustainable                   Power Sustainable Infrastructure
GEA                          GEA Group AG                                                    Infrastructure Credit               Credit Manager, LP
GMT                          Global Minimum Tax                                            Power Sustainable Lios              Power Sustainable Lios Inc.
Grayhawk                     Grayhawk Wealth Holdings Inc.                                 Power Sustainable Manager or PSM    Power Sustainable Manager Inc.
HalseyPoint                  HalseyPoint Asset Management, LLC                             Prudential                          Prudential Financial, Inc.
Holcim                       Holcim Ltd.                                                   PSEIP                               Power Sustainable Energy
IFRS                         International Financial Reporting Standards                                                         Infrastructure Partnership
IGM or IGM Financial         IGM Financial Inc.                                            Putnam                              Putnam U.S. Holdings I, LLC
IG Wealth Management         Investors Group Inc.                                          Rockefeller                         Rockefeller Capital Management
Imerys                       Imerys SA                                                     Sagard                              Sagard Holdings Inc.
Investment Planning          Investment Planning Counsel Inc.                              Sagard Credit Partners I            Sagard Credit Partners, LP
   Counsel or IPC                                                                          Sagard Credit Partners II           Sagard Credit Partners II, LP
Irish Life                   Irish Life Group Limited                                      Sagard Healthcare Partners          Sagard Healthcare Royalty Partners, LP
Lifeco                       Great-West Lifeco Inc.                                        Sagard Holdings Management          Sagard Holdings Management Inc.
Lion or Lion Electric        The Lion Electric Company                                       or SHMI
LMPG                         LMPG Inc.                                                     Sagard MidCap                       Sagard MidCap II, Sagard MidCap 3, and
Mackenzie or                 Mackenzie Financial Corporation                                                                     Sagard MidCap 4
   Mackenzie Investments                                                                   Sagard Private Credit               Sagard Private Credit LP
Nautilus or Nautilus Solar   Nautilus Solar Energy, LLC                                    Sagard Senior Lending Partners      Sagard Senior Lending Partners
NCIB                         Normal Course Issuer Bid                                        or SSLP                             Holdings (I and II) LP, and
Northleaf                    Northleaf Capital Group Ltd.                                                                        Sagard Senior Lending Partners
NYSE                         New York Stock Exchange                                                                             Holdings (I-U and II-U) LP
OECD                         Organisation for Economic Co-operation                        Sanoptis                            Sanoptis AG
                               and Development                                             SGS                                 SGS SA
Ontex                        Ontex Group NV                                                SIX                                 Swiss Stock Exchange
OSFI                         Office of the Superintendent of                               SPEC                                Sagard Private Equity Canada LP
                               Financial Institutions                                      TSX                                 Toronto Stock Exchange
PanAgora                     PanAgora Asset Management, Inc.                               Umicore                             Umicore, NV/SA
Pargesa                      Pargesa SA                                                    USPF                                GWL U.S. Property Fund LP
Parjointco                   Parjointco SA                                                 Wealthsimple                        Wealthsimple Financial Corp.
Parques Reunidos             Parques Reunidos Servicios Centrales, S.A.                    Webhelp                             Webhelp Group
Peak                         Peak Achievement Athletics Inc.                               XETR                                XETRA Stock Exchange




                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                       A  77
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       SUMMARY OF QUARTERLY RESULTS




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                                2024                                                   2023                                          2022
                                                                                           Q3        Q2           Q1              Q4           Q3            Q2           Q1              Q4        Q3       Q2        Q1

                                       Insurance revenue                                 5,292    5,273       5,250            5,174        5,110        5,081        5,037           5,442      4,648    4,762     4,780
                                       Net investment income                             2,365    2,548       2,516            2,500        2,391        2,154        2,150           2,151      2,061    1,981     1,420
                                       Change in FVPL on investments                     6,944     (848)      (1,333)        11,098        (5,414)      (2,626)       3,606           1,356      (7,350) (13,683) (11,301)
                                       Fee income and other revenues                     2,939    2,935       2,729            2,601        2,569        2,564        2,433           2,378      2,296    2,350     2,243
                                       Total revenues                                17,540       9,908       9,162          21,373         4,656        7,173      13,226          11,327       1,655    (4,590)   (2,858)

                                       Net earnings [1]                                   371       730          709             406          975          501          313               89       643      601       862
                                         per share – basic                                0.58     1.12         1.09            0.63         1.47          0.75         0.47            0.14      0.96      0.89     1.28
                                        per share – diluted                               0.56     1.12         1.08            0.61         1.47          0.75         0.47            0.13      0.96      0.86     1.27
                                       Earnings from continuing
                                        operations
                                       Net earnings from continuing
                                        operations [1]                                    371       730          758             409          997          550          326             106        642      606       862
                                         per share – basic                                0.58     1.12         1.17            0.63         1.50          0.82         0.49            0.16      0.96      0.90     1.28
                                         per share – diluted                              0.56     1.12         1.16            0.61         1.50          0.82         0.49            0.15      0.96      0.87     1.27
                                       Adjusted net earnings from
                                        continuing operations [1][2][3][4]                542       761          703             645        1,006          842          588             487        529      649       440
                                                              [2]
                                         per share – basic                                0.84     1.17         1.08            0.99         1.52          1.26         0.88            0.73      0.79      0.97     0.65
                                       Adjustments [2][3][4][5]                           (171)      (31)         55            (236)           (9)       (292)        (262)           (381)       113       (43)     422
                                                              [2]
                                         per share – basic                               (0.26)    (0.05)       0.09           (0.36)        (0.02)       (0.44)       (0.39)          (0.57)     0.17     (0.07)    0.63
                                       [1] Attributable to participating shareholders.
                                       [2] Adjusted net earnings from continuing operations attributable to participating shareholders and adjusted net earnings from continuing operations per share, and
                                           adjustments and adjustments per share are non-IFRS financial measures. For a definition of these non-IFRS financial measures, please refer to the section “Non-IFRS
                                           Financial Measures” in this MD&A.
                                       [3] Effective the first quarter of 2024, the Corporation modified the definition of adjusted net earnings. Refer to the section “Non-IFRS Financial Measures”. The comparative
                                           periods have been restated to reflect this change.
                                       [4] GMT legislation was enacted in Canada on June 20, 2024 and applies retroactively to January 1, 2024. As a result, the comparative results for adjusted net earnings and
                                           Adjustments for the first quarter of 2024 are presented on a pro forma basis as if the legislation had been enacted in the first quarter of 2024. Refer to the section
                                           “Statement Regarding Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Measures” in this MD&A.
                                       [5] The Corporation’s share of Lifeco, IGM and Sagard and Power Sustainable’s Adjustments, including the effect of consolidation, and Adjustments of the Corporation,
                                           including in relation to its investment in ChinaAMC, are as follows:
                                                                                                                2024                                                   2023                                          2022
                                                                                           Q3        Q2           Q1              Q4           Q3           Q2            Q1              Q4        Q3       Q2        Q1

                                           Lifeco
                                             Pre-tax                                     (171)       (29)         11            (398)          (13)       (297)        (200)            (366)      153       (30)     524
                                             Tax effect                                    28          6          20             224             2           57           39              70       (38)      (18)    (109)
                                                                                         (143)       (23)         31            (174)          (11)       (240)        (161)            (296)      115       (48)     415
                                           IGM
                                             Pre-tax                                        (3)       (3)          −             (13)            −          (72)           (9)           (14)        6         9       19
                                             Tax effect                                     −         −             1              (1)           −           17            7                2       (1)       (2)       (4)
                                                                                            (3)       (3)           1            (14)            −          (55)           (2)           (12)        5         7       15
                                           Sagard and Power Sustainable
                                             Pre-tax                                       (25)       (5)         23             (48)            2            3          (45)            (73)       (7)       (2)      (11)
                                             Tax effect                                     −         −            −                −            −            −            −                −        −        −         3
                                                                                           (25)       (5)         23             (48)            2            3          (45)            (73)       (7)       (2)       (8)
                                           Corporate operations and Other
                                               Pre-tax                                      −         −            −                −            −            −          (14)               −        −        −         −
                                               Tax effect                                   −         −            −                −            −            −          (40)               −        −        −         −
                                                                                            −         −            −                −            −            −          (54)               −        −        −         −
                                                                                         (171)       (31)         55            (236)           (9)       (292)        (262)            (381)      113       (43)     422




                                             A  78                                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA


CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS




                                                                                                                                                                   PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
(unaudited)                                                                                                                       September 30 ,   December 31 ,
[in millions of Canadian dollars]                                                                                                        2024            2023

Assets
Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                              11,228            9,937
Investments [Note 4]
  Bonds                                                                                                                               162,348          157,336
  Mortgage and other loans                                                                                                             45,005           43,568
  Shares                                                                                                                               19,048           16,588
  Investment properties                                                                                                                  8,108           7,870
                                                                                                                                      234,509          225,362
Insurance contract assets [Note 7]                                                                                                       1,171           1,193
Reinsurance contract held assets [Note 7]                                                                                              17,843           17,332
Assets held for sale [Note 3]                                                                                                                 –          4,467
Derivative financial instruments                                                                                                         2,049           2,349
Investments in jointly controlled corporations and associates [Note 5]                                                                   8,465           8,152
Owner-occupied properties and capital assets                                                                                             5,243           5,082
Other assets                                                                                                                           36,906           29,434
Deferred tax assets                                                                                                                      1,863           1,894
Intangible assets                                                                                                                        6,825           6,690
Goodwill                                                                                                                               14,585           14,630
Investments on account of segregated fund policyholders [Note 6]                                                                      481,856          422,956
Total assets                                                                                                                          822,543          749,478

Liabilities
Insurance contract liabilities [Note 7]                                                                                               153,349          144,388
Investment contract liabilities                                                                                                        87,631           88,919
Reinsurance contract held liabilities [Note 7]                                                                                             830              648
Liabilities held for sale [Note 3]                                                                                                            –          2,407
Obligations to securitization entities                                                                                                   4,839           4,688
Power Corporation’s debentures and other debt instruments [Note 8]                                                                         647              647
Non-recourse debentures and other debt instruments [Note 9]                                                                            14,854           14,625
Derivative financial instruments                                                                                                         1,587           1,351
Other liabilities                                                                                                                      33,240           26,368
Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                                                 1,202           1,216
Insurance contracts on account of segregated fund policyholders [Note 7]                                                               65,226           60,302
Investment contracts on account of segregated fund policyholders                                                                      416,630          362,654
Total liabilities                                                                                                                     780,035          708,213

Equity
Share capital [Note 10]
 Non-participating shares                                                                                                                  950              950
 Participating shares                                                                                                                    9,238           9,284
Retained earnings                                                                                                                      10,693           10,005
Reserves                                                                                                                                 2,046           1,904
Total shareholders’ equity                                                                                                             22,927           22,143
Non-controlling interests                                                                                                              19,581           19,122
Total equity                                                                                                                           42,508           41,265
Total liabilities and equity                                                                                                          822,543          749,478




                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                     A  79
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




                                       CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EARNINGS




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       (unaudited)                                                                                             Three months ended September 30,               Nine months ended September 30,
                                       [in millions of Canadian dollars, except per share amounts]                                                     2024              2023                         2024             2023

                                       Insurance service result
                                       Insurance revenue [Note 14]                                                                                      5,292                   5,110               15,815            15,228
                                       Insurance service expenses                                                                                      (4,099)                 (3,921)              (12,223)         (11,879)
                                       Net expense from reinsurance contracts                                                                             (413)                   (401)              (1,184)           (1,158)
                                       Total insurance service result                                                                                     780                     788                2,408             2,191

                                       Net investment result
                                       Net investment income [Note 4]                                                                                   2,365                   2,391                7,429             6,695
                                       Changes in fair value through profit or loss [Note 4]                                                            6,944                  (5,414)               4,763             (4,434)
                                                                                                                                                        9,309                  (3,023)              12,192             2,261
                                       Net finance income (expenses) from insurance contracts                                                          (5,662)                  3,287                (5,844)             348
                                       Net finance income (expenses) from reinsurance contracts                                                             94                    (212)                 (71)            (125)
                                       Changes in investment contract liabilities                                                                      (3,189)                    761                (3,933)            (835)
                                       Net investment result                                                                                              552                     813                2,344             1,649

                                       Net investment result – Insurance contracts on account of segregated
                                        fund policyholders
                                       Net investment income (loss)                                                                                     2,498                  (1,039)               5,417             1,596
                                       Net finance income (expenses) from insurance contracts                                                          (2,498)                  1,039                (5,417)           (1,596)
                                       Net investment result – Insurance contracts on account of segregated
                                        fund policyholders                                                                                                    –                       –                   –                 –

                                       Other revenues
                                       Fee income                                                                                                       2,739                   2,375                8,045             7,044
                                       Other                                                                                                              200                     194                  558               522
                                       Total fee income and other revenues                                                                              2,939                   2,569                8,603             7,566

                                       Other expenses
                                       Operating and administrative expenses                                                                            3,155                   2,654                8,962             8,116
                                       Financing charges                                                                                                  202                     202                  605               579
                                       Total other expenses                                                                                             3,357                   2,856                9,567             8,695
                                       Earnings before investments in jointly controlled corporations
                                         and associates, and income taxes                                                                                 914                   1,314                3,788             2,711
                                       Share of earnings (losses) of investments in jointly controlled
                                         corporations and associates [Note 5]                                                                              (22)                   327                  115               608
                                       Earnings before income taxes                                                                                       892                   1,641                3,903             3,319
                                       Income taxes [Note 16]                                                                                             193                     198                  732               406
                                       Net earnings from continuing operations                                                                            699                   1,443                3,171             2,913
                                       Net loss from discontinued operations                                                                                  –                    (31)                (115)            (121)
                                       Net gain from disposal of discontinued operations [Note 3]                                                             –                       –                 44                  –
                                       Net earnings                                                                                                       699                   1,412                3,100             2,792


                                       Attributable to
                                        Non-controlling interests                                                                                         315                     424                1,251               964
                                        Non-participating shareholders                                                                                      13                      13                  39                39
                                        Participating shareholders                                                                                        371                     975                1,810             1,789
                                                                                                                                                          699                   1,412                3,100             2,792


                                       Earnings per participating share [Note 18]
                                       Net earnings from continuing operations attributable
                                        to participating shareholders
                                        Basic                                                                                                             0.58                    1.50                 2.87             2.82
                                        Diluted                                                                                                           0.56                    1.50                 2.84             2.81
                                       Net earnings attributable to participating shareholders
                                        Basic                                                                                                             0.58                    1.47                 2.79             2.69
                                        Diluted                                                                                                           0.56                    1.47                 2.76             2.68




                                             A  80                                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME




                                                                                                                                                                                 PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
(unaudited)                                                                                               Three months ended September 30,    Nine months ended September 30,
[in millions of Canadian dollars]                                                                                    2024            2023             2024              2023

Net earnings                                                                                                          699           1,412            3,100             2,792

Other comprehensive income (loss)
 Items that may be reclassified subsequently to net earnings
 Net unrealized gains (losses) on FVOCI debt instruments
   Unrealized gains (losses)                                                                                          255             (80)             221                (92)
    Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                                       (52)            21               (46)              (19)
   Realized (gains) losses transferred to net earnings                                                                   1             17               39                231
    Income tax expense (benefit)                                                                                          –             (2)              (9)              (14)
                                                                                                                      204             (44)             205                106
  Net unrealized gains (losses) on cash flow hedges
   Unrealized gains (losses)                                                                                            54             45               42                105
     Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                                      (16)             (9)             (10)              (30)
   Realized (gains) losses transferred to net earnings                                                                 (45)           (14)              (41)              (59)
     Income tax expense (benefit)                                                                                       12              3               11                16
                                                                                                                         5             25                 2               32
  Net unrealized foreign exchange gains (losses) on translation
   of foreign operations
   Unrealized gains (losses) on translation                                                                           167             313              664                100
     Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                                         –              –                –                5
   Realized (gains) losses transferred to net earnings                                                                    –             (4)            (265)               (4)
   Unrealized gains (losses) on hedges of net investments
     in foreign operations                                                                                             (70)           (92)             (132)              (82)
     Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                                        1              8               13                  –
                                                                                                                        98            225              280                19
  Share of other comprehensive income (losses) of investments
   in jointly controlled corporations and associates                                                                  130              10              201              (100)
   Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                                         (1)              –                –                6
                                                                                                                      129              10              201                (94)

  Total – items that may be reclassified                                                                              436             216              688                63

  Items that will not be reclassified subsequently to net earnings
  Net unrealized gains (losses) on FVOCI equity instruments
    Unrealized gains (losses)                                                                                          (94)           (37)             (419)              (71)
    Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                                       (83)              –                –                (2)
                                                                                                                     (177)            (37)             (419)              (73)
  Share of other comprehensive income (losses) of investments
   in jointly controlled corporations and associates                                                                  201            (307)              45              (166)

  Actuarial gains (losses) on defined benefit plans                                                                    (36)           153              302                64
   Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                                          5            (35)              (81)              (16)
                                                                                                                       (31)           118              221                48

  Total – items that will not be reclassified                                                                           (7)          (226)             (153)            (191)


Other comprehensive income (loss)                                                                                     429             (10)             535              (128)

Comprehensive income                                                                                                1,128           1,402            3,635             2,664


Attributable to
 Non-controlling interests                                                                                            421             504            1,451             1,005
 Non-participating shareholders                                                                                         13             13               39                39
 Participating shareholders                                                                                           694             885            2,145             1,620
                                                                                                                    1,128           1,402            3,635             2,664




                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                   A  81
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




                                       CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                              Share capital                                                                     Reserves
                                       Nine months ended                                                                                                      Other
                                       September 30, 2024                           Non-                                                              comprehensive                                 Non-
                                       (unaudited)                          participating     Participating        Retained        Share-based              income                            controlling     Total
                                       [in millions of Canadian dollars]           shares            shares        earnings       compensation            [Note 17]                 Total       interests    equity

                                       Balance, beginning of year                   950              9,284          10,005                   408                1,496             1,904         19,122      41,265
                                       Net earnings                                    –                   –          1,849                      –                    –                   –       1,251      3,100
                                       Other comprehensive income                      –                   –                –                    –                335                335            200       535
                                       Comprehensive income                            –                   –          1,849                      –                335                335          1,451      3,635

                                       Subordinate voting shares
                                         purchased and cancelled
                                         under Normal Course Issuer Bid
                                         [Note 10]                                     –               (121)           (188)                     –                    –                   –            –      (309)
                                       Dividends to shareholders
                                         Non-participating shares                      –                   –             (39)                    –                    –                   –            –       (39)
                                         Participating shares                          –                   –         (1,094)                     –                    –                   –            –    (1,094)
                                       Dividends to non-controlling
                                         interests                                     –                   –                –                    –                    –                   –        (795)      (795)
                                       Expense for share-based
                                         compensation [Note 11]                        –                   –                –                 20                      –               20             13         33
                                       Stock options exercised                         –                 75                 –                 (59)                    –               (59)           52         68
                                       Realized gains on FVOCI equity
                                         instruments transferred to
                                         retained earnings                             –                   –            135                      –               (135)              (135)              –          –
                                       Effects of changes in
                                         capital and ownership of
                                         subsidiaries, and other                       –                   –              25                  (26)                    7               (19)         (262)      (256)
                                       Balance, end of period                       950              9,238          10,693                   343                1,703             2,046         19,581      42,508

                                                                                              Share capital                                                                     Reserves
                                       Nine months ended                                                                                                      Other
                                       September 30, 2023                           Non-                                                              comprehensive                                 Non-
                                       (unaudited)                          participating     Participating        Retained        Share-based              income                            controlling     Total
                                       [in millions of Canadian dollars]           shares            shares        earnings       compensation            [Note 17]                 Total       interests    equity

                                       Balance, beginning of year                   950              9,486            9,381                  378                1,666             2,044         18,694      40,555
                                       Net earnings                                    –                   –          1,828                      –                    –                   –         964      2,792
                                       Other comprehensive income (loss)               –                   –                –                    –               (169)              (169)            41       (128)
                                       Comprehensive income                            –                   –          1,828                      –               (169)              (169)         1,005      2,664

                                       Subordinate voting shares
                                         purchased and cancelled
                                         under Normal Course Issuer Bid
                                         [Note 10]                                     –               (141)           (199)                     –                    –                   –            –      (340)
                                       Dividends to shareholders
                                         Non-participating shares                      –                   –             (39)                    –                    –                   –            –       (39)
                                         Participating shares                          –                   –         (1,044)                     –                    –                   –            –    (1,044)
                                       Dividends to non-controlling
                                         interests                                     –                   –                –                    –                    –                   –        (764)      (764)
                                       Expense for share-based
                                         compensation [Note 11]                        –                   –                –                 52                      –               52             26         78
                                       Stock options exercised                         –                 37                 –                 (38)                    –               (38)           35         34
                                       Realized losses on FVOCI equity
                                         instruments transferred to
                                         retained earnings                             –                   –             (15)                    –                  15                15               –          –
                                       Effects of changes in
                                         capital and ownership of
                                         subsidiaries, and other                       –                   –            138                     2                   10                12             (29)     121
                                       Balance, end of period                       950              9,382          10,050                   394                1,522             1,916         18,967      41,265




                                             A  82                                          P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS




                                                                                                                                                                                       PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
(unaudited)                                                                                                                                   Nine months ended September 30,
[in millions of Canadian dollars]                                                                                                                    2024                   2023 [1]

Operating activities
Earnings before income taxes from continuing and discontinued operations                                                                           3,743                   3,164
Income tax paid, net of refunds                                                                                                                     (666)                   (562)
Adjusting items
  Change in insurance contract liabilities                                                                                                          6,279                 (1,706)
  Change in investment contract liabilities                                                                                                        (2,585)                (6,425)
  Change in reinsurance contract held liabilities                                                                                                     157                    181
  Change in reinsurance contract held assets                                                                                                         (195)                 1,005
  Change in insurance contract assets                                                                                                                  40                   (522)
  Changes in fair value through profit or loss                                                                                                     (4,763)                 4,434
  Lifeco’s insurance and investment contract-related activities
    Sales, maturities and repayments of investments                                                                                               31,164                 31,318
    Purchases of investments                                                                                                                     (29,630)               (28,256)
  Other                                                                                                                                               (83)                1,088
                                                                                                                                                   3,461                  3,719

Financing activities
Dividends paid
  By subsidiaries to non-controlling interests                                                                                                       (795)                  (763)
  Non-participating shares                                                                                                                             (39)                   (39)
  Participating shares                                                                                                                             (1,073)                (1,028)
                                                                                                                                                   (1,907)                (1,830)
Issue of equity
  Corporation’s subordinate voting shares [Note 10]                                                                                                   68                      34
  Subsidiaries’ common shares                                                                                                                        179                     340
Issuance of investment funds’ limited-life and redeemable units                                                                                      406                     301
Repurchase or redemption of equity
  Corporation’s subordinate voting shares for cancellation under normal course issuer bid [Note 10]                                                  (309)                  (340)
  Subsidiaries’ common shares                                                                                                                        (191)                  (171)
Redemption of investment funds’ limited-life and redeemable units                                                                                        (6)                (113)
Acquisition of non-controlling interests                                                                                                               (37)                    –
Non-recourse debentures and other debt instruments [Note 9]
  Issuance of debentures and increase in other debt instruments                                                                                       439                  2,163
  Repayment of debentures and decrease in other debt instruments                                                                                     (368)                (1,907)
Repayment of lease liabilities                                                                                                                         (79)                   (81)
Increase in obligations to securitization entities                                                                                                  1,153                    929
Repayment of obligations to securitization entities and other                                                                                      (1,040)                  (948)
                                                                                                                                                   (1,692)                (1,623)

Investing activities
Sales, maturities and repayment of investments                                                                                                      2,170                  2,588
Purchases of investments                                                                                                                           (2,180)                (2,657)
Investments in jointly controlled corporations and associates [Note 5]                                                                               (285)                (1,013)
Impact from the disposal of discontinued operations                                                                                                  (211)                     –
Business acquisitions, net of cash and cash equivalents acquired                                                                                     (101)                  (176)
Acquisition of capital assets, properties and other                                                                                                  (444)                  (860)
                                                                                                                                                   (1,051)                (2,118)
Effect of changes in exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents                                                                                     198                      33
Increase in cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                                916                      11
Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year                                                                                                      10,312                   9,848
Cash and cash equivalents from continuing and discontinued operations, end of period                                                              11,228                   9,859
Less: Cash and cash equivalents from discontinued operations, end of period                                                                            –                    (348)
Cash and cash equivalents from continuing operations, end of period                                                                               11,228                   9,511


Net cash from operating activities includes
Interest and dividends received                                                                                                                    6,551                   5,948
Interest paid                                                                                                                                        967                     619
[1] The Corporation has reclassified certain comparative figures to conform to the current period’s presentation. These classifications had no impact on the equity or net earnings
    of the Corporation.




                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                      A  83
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




                                       NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (unaudited)




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       (ALL TABULAR AMOUNTS ARE IN MILLIONS OF CANADIAN DOLLARS, UNLESS OTHERWISE NOTED)


                                       Note 1      Corporate Information                                       84             Note 10          Share Capital                                                        100
                                       Note 2      Basis of Presentation and Summary of Material                              Note 11          Share-Based Compensation                                             102
                                                   Accounting Policies                                         85             Note 12          Capital Management                                                   104
                                       Note 3      Business Acquisitions and Other                             88             Note 13          Risk Management                                                      106
                                       Note 4      Investments                                                 89             Note 14          Insurance Revenue                                                    112
                                       Note 5      Investments in Jointly Controlled Corporations                             Note 15          Restructuring and Integration Expenses                               112
                                                   and Associates                                              91
                                                                                                                              Note 16          Income Taxes                                                         113
                                       Note 6      Segregated Funds and Other Structured Entities              92
                                                                                                                              Note 17          Other Comprehensive Income                                           114
                                       Note 7      Insurance Contracts and Reinsurance Contracts Held 94
                                                                                                                              Note 18          Earnings Per Share                                                   115
                                       Note 8      Power Corporation’s Debentures and
                                                   Other Debt Instruments                                      96             Note 19          Fair Value Measurement                                               116
                                       Note 9      Non-Recourse Debentures and                                                Note 20          Segmented Information                                                121
                                                   Other Debt Instruments                                      97

                                       The following abbreviations are used in these Consolidated Financial Statements:

                                       Canada Life                    The Canada Life Assurance Company                            OSFI                                 Office of the Superintendent of Financial
                                                                                                                                                                         Institutions
                                       ChinaAMC                       China Asset Management Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                                   PAA                                  Premium allocation approach
                                       CSM                            Contractual service margin
                                                                                                                                   Parjointco                           Parjointco SA
                                       Empower                        Empower Annuity Insurance Company
                                                                       of America                                                  Portage Ventures I                   Portag3 Ventures Limited Partnership
                                       FVOCI                          Fair value through other comprehensive income                Portage Ventures II                  Portag3 Ventures II Limited Partnership
                                       FVPL                           Fair value through profit or loss                            Portage Ventures III                 Portage Ventures III Limited Partnership
                                       GBL                            Groupe Bruxelles Lambert                                     Power Corporation or                 Power Corporation of Canada
                                                                                                                                    the Corporation
                                       IFRS                           International Financial Reporting Standards
                                                                                                                                   Power Financial                      Power Financial Corporation
                                       IGM or IGM Financial           IGM Financial Inc.
                                                                                                                                   Power Sustainable                    Power Sustainable Capital Inc.
                                       IG Wealth Management           Investors Group Inc.
                                                                                                                                   Rockefeller                          Rockefeller Capital Management
                                       Lifeco                         Great-West Lifeco Inc.
                                                                                                                                   Sagard                               Sagard Holdings Inc.
                                       Lion                           The Lion Electric Co.
                                                                                                                                   TSX                                  Toronto Stock Exchange
                                       Mackenzie or                   Mackenzie Financial Corporation
                                        Mackenzie Investments                                                                      Wealthsimple                         Wealthsimple Financial Corp.
                                       Northleaf                      Northleaf Capital Group Ltd.




                                       NOTE 1 CORPORATE INFORMATION

                                       Power Corporation of Canada is a publicly listed company (TSX: POW; POW.PR.E) incorporated and domiciled in Canada
                                       and located at 751 Victoria Square, Montréal, Quebec, Canada, H2Y 2J3.
                                       Power Corporation is an international management and holding company that focuses on financial services in North America,
                                       Europe and Asia. Its core holdings are leading insurance, retirement, wealth management and investment businesses,
                                       including a portfolio of alternative asset investment platforms.
                                       The unaudited Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (financial statements) of Power Corporation as at and
                                       for the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2024 were approved by its Board of Directors on November 12,
                                       2024.




                                              A  84                                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




NOTE 2 BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES




                                                                                                                                           PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
BASIS OF PRESENTATION
The financial statements of Power Corporation as at September 30, 2024 have been prepared in accordance with International
Accounting Standard 34 – Interim Financial Reporting (IAS 34) using the same accounting policies as set out in Note 2 to the
Consolidated Financial Statements of the Corporation for the year ended December 31, 2023 except as described in the
section Changes in Accounting Policies below.
The financial statements include the accounts of Power Corporation and its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis after
elimination of intercompany transactions and balances and consolidation adjustments.
The financial statements of Power Corporation include, on a consolidated basis, the results of Power Financial, a reporting
issuer in all of the provinces and territories of Canada, and Lifeco and IGM Financial, which are both public companies. The
amounts shown on the consolidated balance sheets (balance sheets), consolidated statements of earnings (statements of
earnings), consolidated statements of comprehensive income (statements of comprehensive income), consolidated
statements of changes in equity (statements of changes in equity) and consolidated statements of cash flows (statements of
cash flows) are mainly derived from the publicly disclosed consolidated financial statements of Lifeco and IGM Financial, all
as at and for the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2024. Certain notes to Power Corporation’s financial
statements are derived from the notes to the financial statements of Lifeco and IGM Financial.

SUBSIDIARIES
Subsidiaries, including controlled investment funds, are entities the Corporation controls when: (i) the Corporation has power
over the entity; (ii) it is exposed or has rights to variable returns from its involvement; and (iii) it has the ability to affect those
returns through its use of power over the entity. Subsidiaries of the Corporation are consolidated from the date of acquisition,
being the date on which the Corporation obtains control, and continue to be consolidated until the date such control ceases.
The Corporation reassesses whether or not it controls an entity if facts and circumstances indicate there are changes to one
or more of the elements of control.

JOINTLY CONTROLLED CORPORATIONS AND ASSOCIATES
Jointly controlled corporations are entities in which unanimous consent is required for decisions relating to relevant activities.
Associates are entities in which the Corporation exercises significant influence over the entity’s operating and financial
policies, without having control or joint control. Investments in jointly controlled corporations and associates are accounted
for using the equity method. Under the equity method, the Corporation recognizes its share of net earnings (losses) and other
comprehensive income (loss) of the jointly controlled corporations and associates, and dividends received.
In the case of investments in jointly controlled corporations and associates held by entities that meet the definition of a venture
capital organization, the Corporation has elected to measure certain of its investments in jointly controlled corporations and
associates at FVPL.




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4      A  85
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




                                       NOTE 2          BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES, JOINTLY CONTROLLED CORPORATIONS AND ASSOCIATES

                                       The financial statements of Power Corporation include the operations of the following direct and indirect subsidiaries and
                                       investments in jointly controlled corporations and associates:
                                                                                                                                                                                                         % equity interest
                                                                                                                                                                                                   September 30,    December 31,
                                       Corporation                                           Classification       Incorporated in         Primary business operation                                      2024            2023
                                       Holding company
                                       Power Corporation of Canada                           Parent               Canada                  Holding company
                                       Power Financial Corporation                           Subsidiary           Canada                  Holding company                                                 100.0              100.0
                                       Publicly traded companies
                                       Great-West Lifeco Inc. [1][2]                         Subsidiary           Canada                  Financial services holding company                               70.6               70.5
                                         The Canada Life Assurance Company                   Subsidiary           Canada                  Insurance and wealth management                                 100.0              100.0
                                         Irish Life Group Limited                            Subsidiary           Ireland                 Insurance and wealth management                                 100.0              100.0
                                         Empower Annuity Insurance                           Subsidiary           United States           Financial services                                              100.0              100.0
                                            Company of America
                                       IGM Financial Inc. [3]                                Subsidiary           Canada                  Wealth and asset management                                      66.4               66.0
                                         IG Wealth Management                                Subsidiary           Canada                  Financial services                                              100.0              100.0
                                         Mackenzie Financial Corporation                     Subsidiary           Canada                  Asset management company                                        100.0              100.0
                                              China Asset Management Co., Ltd.               Associate            China                   Asset management company                                         27.8               27.8
                                              Northleaf Capital Group Ltd. [4]               Associate            Canada                  Alternative asset manager                                        70.0               70.0
                                         Rockefeller Capital Management                      Associate            United States           Financial services                                               20.5               20.5
                                       Parjointco SA                                         Joint control        Belgium                 Holding company                                                  50.0               50.0
                                         Groupe Bruxelles Lambert [5]                        Subsidiary           Belgium                 Holding company                                                  32.9               31.0
                                       Alternative asset investment platforms
                                         and other
                                       Power Sustainable Capital Inc.                        Subsidiary           Canada                  Holding company                                                 100.0              100.0
                                        Power Sustainable Manager Inc. [6]                   Subsidiary           Canada                  Alternative asset manager                                        95.5              100.0
                                         Power Sustainable Energy Infrastructure             Subsidiary           Canada                  Renewable energy fund                                            50.7               52.9
                                          Partnership [7]
                                         Potentia Renewables Inc.                            Subsidiary           Canada                  Renewable energy                                                100.0              100.0
                                         Nautilus Solar Energy, LLC                          Subsidiary           United States           Renewable energy                                                100.0              100.0
                                       Sagard Holdings Inc.                                  Subsidiary           Canada                  Holding company                                                 100.0              100.0
                                         Sagard Holdings Management Inc. [8]                 Subsidiary           Canada                  Alternative asset manager                                        64.8               66.4
                                         Wealthsimple Financial Corp. [9]                    Subsidiary           Canada                  Financial services                                               55.1               56.6
                                         Portag3 Ventures LP [10]                            Subsidiary           Canada                  Venture capital fund                                            100.0              100.0
                                         Portag3 Ventures II LP [11]                         Subsidiary           Canada                  Venture capital fund                                             27.9               27.9
                                         Portage Ventures III LP [12]                        Subsidiary           Canada                  Venture capital fund                                             15.4               15.4
                                       Standalone Businesses
                                         LMPG Inc.                                           Subsidiary           Canada                  Lighting solutions                                               49.6               49.6
                                         Peak Achievement Athletics Inc.                     Joint control        Canada                  Manufacturer of sports equipment                                 42.6               42.6
                                                                                                                                            and apparel
                                         The Lion Electric Co.                               Associate            Canada                  Manufacturer of zero-emission vehicles                           34.1               34.1
                                        [1]    Power Financial holds a 68.2% equity interest and IGM Financial holds a 2.4% equity interest in Lifeco (68.1% and 2.4%, respectively, at December 31, 2023).
                                        [2]    On January 1, 2024, Lifeco completed the sale of its interest in Putnam US Holdings I, LLC (Note 3).
                                        [3]    Power Financial holds a 62.5% equity interest and Canada Life holds a 3.9% equity interest in IGM Financial (62.1% and 3.9%, respectively, at December 31, 2023).
                                        [4]    Represents a 49.9% non-controlling voting interest. Held through an acquisition vehicle 80% owned by Mackenzie Investments and 20% by Lifeco.
                                        [5]    Parjointco has a controlling interest in GBL and holds 47.0% of the voting interest (45.3% at December 31, 2023).
                                        [6]    On May 6, 2024, Lifeco and Power Sustainable Manager Inc. announced that they had entered into a long-term strategic partnership and Lifeco acquired a minority
                                               interest in Power Sustainable Manager Inc. At September 30, 2024, Power Corporation and Lifeco held an equity interest of 74.7% and 20.8%, respectively, in Power
                                               Sustainable Manager Inc. (100% held by Power Corporation at December 31, 2023).
                                        [7]    Power Corporation holds a 36.3% equity interest and Lifeco holds a 14.4% equity interest in Power Sustainable Energy Infrastructure Partnership (38.2% and 14.7%,
                                               respectively, at December 31, 2023).
                                        [8]    Power Corporation and Lifeco hold an equity interest of 51.9% and 12.9%, respectively, in Sagard Holdings Management Inc. (53.5% and 12.9%, respectively, at
                                               December 31, 2023).
                                        [9]    Power Financial, Portage Ventures I and IGM Financial hold an equity interest of 14.0%, 10.5% and 30.6%, respectively, in Wealthsimple (14.4%, 10.9% and 31.3%,
                                               respectively, at December 31, 2023).
                                       [10]    Power Financial holds a 63.0% equity interest and Lifeco and IGM Financial each hold an equity interest of 18.5% in Portage Ventures I.
                                       [11]    Power Financial, Lifeco and IGM Financial each hold an equal equity interest of 7.7% and Sagard holds a 4.7% equity interest in Portage Ventures II.
                                       [12]    Sagard, Lifeco and IGM Financial hold an equity interest of 2.4%, 9.0% and 4.0%, respectively, in Portage Ventures III.




                                               A  86                                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




NOTE 2      BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)




                                                                                                                                                 PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES
The Corporation adopted the amendments to IFRS Accounting Standards for IAS 7, Statement of Cash Flows, IFRS 7, Financial
Instruments: Disclosures, and IFRS 16, Leases effective January 1, 2024. The adoption of these amendments did not have a
material impact on the Corporation’s financial statements.

USE OF SIGNIFICANT JUDGMENTS, ESTIMATES AND ASSUMPTIONS
In the preparation of the financial statements, management of the Corporation and management of its subsidiaries are
required to make significant judgments, estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, net
earnings, comprehensive income and related disclosures. Key sources of estimation uncertainty and areas where significant
judgments have been made by the management of the Corporation and management of its subsidiaries are further described
in the relevant accounting policies in the Corporation’s Consolidated Financial Statements and notes thereto for the year
ended December 31, 2023.

FUTURE ACCOUNTING CHANGES
The Corporation and its subsidiaries monitor changes in IFRS, both proposed and released, by the International Accounting
Standards Board (IASB) and analyze the effect that changes in the standards may have on the consolidated financial
statements when they become effective. The following sets out standards released and updates since the December 31, 2023
financial statements.
Standard                         Summary of future changes

IFRS 18 –                        In April 2024, the IASB published IFRS 18, Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements (IFRS 18). The
Presentation and Disclosure      standard aims to improve how companies communicate information in their financial statements, with a
in Financial Statements          focus on information about financial performance in the statement of earnings.
                                 IFRS 18 will require corporations to:
                                     Provide defined subtotals in the statement of earnings;
                                       Disclose information for any management-defined performance measures related to the statement of
                                           earnings; and
                                       Implement principles for the grouping of information in the financial statements, and whether to
                                           provide it in the primary financial statements or notes.
                                 The standard is effective for annual reporting periods beginning on or after January 1, 2027, with earlier
                                 application permitted. The Corporation is evaluating the impact of the adoption of this standard.

IFRS 9 –                         In May 2024, the IASB published amendments to IFRS 9, Financial Instruments and IFRS 7, Financial
Financial Instruments and        Instruments: Disclosures. The amendments clarify the classification of financial assets with environmental,
IFRS 7 -                         social and corporate governance and similar features, the settlement of liabilities through electronic
Financial Instruments:           payment systems, and introduce additional disclosure requirements to enhance transparency for investors.
Disclosures                      These amendments are effective for annual reporting periods beginning on or after January 1, 2026, with
                                 earlier application permitted. The Corporation is evaluating the impact of the adoption of these
                                 amendments.




                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4           A  87
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




                                       NOTE 3 BUSINESS ACQUISITIONS AND OTHER




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       LIFECO
                                       Putnam U.S. Holdings I, LLC
                                       On January 1, 2024, Lifeco completed the sale of Putnam U.S. Holdings I, LLC (Putnam Investments) to Franklin Resources, Inc.
                                       (Franklin Templeton) in exchange for Franklin Templeton common shares, cash, and contingent consideration of up to
                                       US$375 million over a five- to seven-year period. Lifeco has retained its controlling interest in PanAgora Holdings Inc. and its
                                       subsidiary PanAgora Asset Management Inc. (collectively, PanAgora), a quantitative asset manager, and certain assets,
                                       including deferred tax assets, related to Putnam Investments. Lifeco currently holds approximately 31,600,000 Franklin
                                       Templeton common shares and will hold a majority of these shares for a minimum five-year period.
                                       In the 2023 financial statements, the net earnings (loss) and cash flows of Putnam Investments were classified as discontinued
                                       operations within the Lifeco segment, and the related assets and liabilities were classified as held for sale. Financial
                                       information relating to the sale of the discontinued operation is set out below, reflecting total estimated fair value of
                                       consideration of $1,909 million. Included in the results for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, are $115 million of
                                       closing and final adjustments to the carrying value, resulting in a net gain on sale of $44 million after tax.
                                                                                                                                                                                     January 1, 2024

                                       Consideration received or receivable:
                                        Fair value of Franklin Templeton common shares (US$29.79 per share)                                                                                   1,321
                                        Net cash and other deferred and contingent consideration                                                                                                588
                                        Non-controlling interest in sale of Putnam Investments                                                                                                 (123)
                                       Total net proceeds on disposal of Putnam Investments                                                                                                   1,786

                                       Net carrying value of net assets sold
                                        Carrying value                                                                                                                                        2,010
                                        Foreign exchange translation gains reclassified to earnings on disposal of foreign operations                                                          (211)
                                       Net carrying value of discontinued operations                                                                                                          1,799
                                                                                                                                                                                                (13)
                                       Income tax recovery                                                                                                                                       57
                                       Net gain on sale after income tax                                                                                                                         44


                                       Value Partners Group Inc.
                                       On September 8, 2023, Canada Life, a subsidiary of Lifeco, completed the acquisition of 100% of the equity of Value Partners
                                       Group Inc., a Winnipeg-based investment firm that serves clients with complex and sophisticated wealth needs.
                                       During the third quarter of 2024, the comprehensive valuation of the fair value of the net assets acquired including intangible
                                       assets and the final purchase price allocation was completed. As a result, initial goodwill presented in the December 31, 2023
                                       Consolidated Financial Statements of $119 million recognized upon the acquisition was adjusted to $68 million, mainly due
                                       to the recognition and measurement of intangible assets. Comparative information in the Corporation’s financial statements
                                       has not been restated.

                                       LMPG INC.
                                       In the third quarter of 2024, the management of LMPG Inc. (LMPG) identified an indicator of impairment primarily due to
                                       lower-than-expected financial results and completed an impairment assessment.
                                       Management of LMPG determined that the recoverable amount, based on a comparable public company market approach
                                       applying a benchmark multiple to budgeted earnings before interest, income taxes, depreciation and amortization (EBITDA),
                                       was lower than the carrying amount of LMPG, resulting in a non-cash impairment charge of $208 million, presented within
                                       operating and administrative expenses in the statements of earnings. The Corporation’s share of this charge based on its
                                       economic ownership in LMPG, net of the related impact from the revaluation of the put right liability held by a LMPG non-
                                       controlling interest, was $90 million.




                                           A  88                                       P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




NOTE 4 INVESTMENTS




                                                                                                                                                                                       PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
CARRYING VALUES AND FAIR VALUES
Carrying values and estimated fair values of investments are as follows:
                                                                                                                 September 30, 2024                               December 31, 2023
                                                                                                    Carrying                          Fair           Carrying                   Fair
                                                                                                       value                        value               value                 value

Bonds
 Designated as FVPL                                                                                147,964                        147,964            143,418               143,418
 Classified as FVPL                                                                                   1,851                         1,851              1,795                 1,795
 FVOCI                                                                                               12,199                        12,199             11,750                11,750
 Amortized cost                                                                                          334                         335                373                     371
                                                                                                   162,348                        162,349            157,336               157,334
Mortgage and other loans
 Designated as FVPL                                                                                  29,447                        29,447             29,226                29,226
 Classified as FVPL                                                                                   4,904                         4,904              4,233                 4,233
 FVOCI                                                                                                   599                         599                578                     578
 Amortized cost                                                                                      10,055                         9,582              9,531                 8,994
                                                                                                     45,005                        44,532             43,568                43,031
Shares
 Classified as FVPL                                                                                  18,163                        18,163             16,177                16,177
 Designated as FVOCI                                                                                     885                         885                411                     411
                                                                                                     19,048                        19,048             16,588                16,588
Investment properties                                                                                 8,108                         8,108              7,870                 7,870
                                                                                                   234,509                        234,037            225,362               224,823


NET INVESTMENT INCOME
                                                                                      Mortgage and                                     Investment
Three months ended September 30, 2024                                     Bonds         other loans                 Shares              properties         Other              Total

Net investment income
 Investment income earned                                                 1,727                   384                  143                   128            127              2,509
 Net realized gains (losses) on derecognition of:
   FVOCI assets                                                                (1)                   –                       –                   –                –              (1)
 Net expected credit loss (ECL) recovery                                        –                    3                       –                   –                –               3
 Other income (expenses)                                                        –                    –                  (23)                  (50)              (73)          (146)
                                                                          1,726                   387                  120                     78               54           2,365
Changes in FVPL                                                           4,428                   901                1,056                    (24)          583              6,944
Net investment income (loss)                                              6,154                1,288                 1,176                     54           637              9,309


                                                                                      Mortgage and                                     Investment
Nine months ended September 30, 2024                                      Bonds         other loans                 Shares              properties         Other              Total

Net investment income
 Investment income earned                                                 5,175                1,140                   480                   379            545              7,719
 Net realized gains (losses) on derecognition of:
   FVOCI assets                                                              (39)                    –                       –                   –                –             (39)
   Amortized cost assets                                                        –                    1                       –                   –                –               1
 Net ECL recovery                                                               –                    7                       –                   –                –               7
 Other income (expenses)                                                        –                    5                      (9)              (140)          (115)             (259)
                                                                          5,136                1,153                   471                   239            430              7,429
Changes in FVPL                                                           1,791                   983                1,632                   (112)          469              4,763
Net investment income (loss)                                              6,927                2,136                 2,103                   127            899             12,192




                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                               A  89
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




                                       NOTE 4       INVESTMENTS (continued)




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                                   Mortgage and                                   Investment
                                       Three months ended September 30, 2023                          Bonds          other loans                 Shares            properties        Other    Total

                                       Net investment income
                                        Investment income earned                                      1,666                   367                   114                  126          194    2,467
                                        Net realized gains (losses) on derecognition of:
                                          FVOCI assets                                                   (17)                     –                    –                     –           –      (17)
                                        Net ECL charge                                                      –                  (10)                    –                     –           –      (10)
                                        Other income (expenses)                                             –                    7                   11                   (44)        (23)      (49)
                                                                                                      1,649                   364                   125                    82         171    2,391
                                       Changes in FVPL                                               (3,859)                 (386)                 (211)                (153)        (805)   (5,414)
                                       Net investment income (loss)                                  (2,210)                   (22)                 (86)                  (71)       (634)   (3,023)


                                                                                                                   Mortgage and                                   Investment
                                       Nine months ended September 30, 2023                           Bonds          other loans                 Shares            properties        Other    Total

                                       Net investment income
                                        Investment income earned                                      4,967                 1,074                   395                  377          338    7,151
                                        Net realized gains (losses) on derecognition of:
                                          FVOCI assets                                                 (231)                      –                    –                     –           –    (231)
                                          Amortized cost assets                                             –                    8                     –                     –           –       8
                                        Net ECL charge                                                     (1)                  (8)                    –                     –           –       (9)
                                        Other income (expenses)                                             –                    9                     4                (138)         (99)    (224)
                                                                                                      4,735                 1,083                   399                  239          239    6,695
                                       Changes in FVPL                                               (3,347)                 (519)                  261                 (365)        (464)   (4,434)
                                       Net investment income (loss)                                   1,388                   564                   660                 (126)        (225)   2,261


                                       Investment income from bonds and mortgage and other loans includes interest income and premium and discount
                                       amortization. Income from shares includes dividends and distributions from equity investment funds and gains realized on
                                       deconsolidation of subsidiaries and investment funds. Investment properties income includes rental income earned on
                                       investment properties, ground rent income earned on leased and subleased land, fee recoveries, lease cancellation income,
                                       and interest and other investment income earned on investment properties. Other income includes foreign exchange gains
                                       and losses, income earned from derivative financial instruments and other miscellaneous income.




                                            A  90                                      P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




NOTE 5 INVESTMENTS IN JOINTLY CONTROLLED CORPORATIONS AND ASSOCIATES




                                                                                                                                                                                      PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
The carrying values of the investments in jointly controlled corporations and associates are as follows:
                                            Jointly controlled corporations                                                                            Associates
September 30, 2024                             Parjointco              Other         ChinaAMC                  Lion          Northleaf   Rockefeller       Other [1]       Total

Carrying value,
 beginning of year                                 3,717                 564              1,535                181               302           845        1,008           8,152
 Acquisition and investments                             –                34                    –                  –                 –             –        251                285
 Share of earnings (losses)                            13                 67                  88                (35)               16           (11)            9              147
 Changes in FVPL                                         –                   –                  –                  –                 –             –          41               41
 Impairment                                              –                   –                  –               (73)                 –             –            –              (73)
 Share of other comprehensive
   income (loss)                                     164                  16                  45                  (2)                –           18             5              246
 Dividends and distributions                          (92)                (96)               (73)                  –               (8)             –           (5)         (274)
 Effects of changes in
   ownership and other                                 27                 (10)                  –                  –                 –             –         (76)              (59)
Carrying value, end of period                      3,829                 575              1,595                  71              310           852        1,233           8,465
[1] Includes investments in associates held by entities that meet the definition of a venture capital organization, which have been elected to be measured at FVPL of
    $935 million at September 30, 2024 ($832 million at December 31, 2023).



                                            Jointly controlled corporations                                                                            Associates
September 30, 2023                             Parjointco              Other [1]     ChinaAMC                  Lion          Northleaf   Rockefeller       Other [1]       Total

Carrying value,
 beginning of year                                 3,314                 443              1,570                234               285               –        670           6,516
 Acquisition and investments                             –                78                   1                   –                 –         856            79          1,014
 Disposal                                                –                  –                   –                  –                 –             –         (97)              (97)
 Share of earnings (losses)                          424                  10                  81                (21)                8            (1)        103                604
 Changes in FVPL                                         –                22                    –                  –                 –             –         (18)               4
 Share of other comprehensive                        (200)                 (1)               (78)                 1                  –            9             3          (266)
   income (loss)
 Dividends and distributions                          (92)                 (2)               (69)                  –                 –             –           (5)         (168)
 Effects of changes in
   ownership and other                                 53               (217)                   –                  –                 –             –        162                 (2)
Carrying value, end of period                      3,499                 333              1,505                214               293           864          897           7,605
[1] Includes investments in jointly controlled corporations and associates held by entities that meet the definition of a venture capital organization, which have been elected
    to be measured at FVPL of $718 million at September 30, 2023 ($697 million at December 31, 2022).


LION ELECTRIC CO.
In 2024, the Corporation recorded non-cash impairment charges of $73 million on its investment in Lion reflecting a decline
in the market value at September 30, 2024. At September 30, 2024, the fair value of the Corporation’s interest in Lion was
$71 million ($181 million at December 31, 2023), based on the quoted market price.

PEAK ACHIEVEMENT ATHLETICS INC. (PEAK)
On September 30, 2024, Peak announced that Fairfax Financial Holdings Limited will acquire the 42.6% equity interest in Peak
held by Sagard, a subsidiary of the Corporation. The transaction is expected to close in the fourth quarter of 2024, subject to
customary closing conditions. The carrying value of Peak is presented within Other in jointly controlled corporations at
September 30, 2024 and 2023.




                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                         A  91
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




                                       NOTE 6 SEGREGATED FUNDS AND OTHER STRUCTURED ENTITIES




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       The following presents details of the investments, determined in accordance with the relevant statutory reporting
                                       requirements of each region of Lifeco’s operations, on account of segregated fund policyholders:

                                       INVESTMENTS ON ACCOUNT OF SEGREGATED FUND POLICYHOLDERS
                                                                                                                                                                                         September 30,            December 31,
                                                                                                                                                                                                2024                    2023

                                       Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                                                   18,457               15,024
                                       Bonds                                                                                                                                                       73,720               72,111
                                       Mortgage loans                                                                                                                                               2,105                2,022
                                       Shares and units in unit trusts                                                                                                                            150,872             130,415
                                       Mutual funds                                                                                                                                               218,819             188,549
                                       Investment properties                                                                                                                                       11,500               12,071
                                                                                                                                                                                                  475,473             420,192
                                       Accrued income                                                                                                                                                 879                  832
                                       Other assets (liabilities)                                                                                                                                   (3,455)             (4,138)
                                       Non-controlling mutual fund interest                                                                                                                         8,959                6,070
                                       Total [1]                                                                                                                                                  481,856             422,956
                                       [1] At September 30, 2024, $64,340 million of investments on account of segregated fund policyholders are reinsured by Lifeco on a modified co-insurance basis
                                           ($64,097 million at December 31, 2023). Included in this amount are $82 million of cash and cash equivalents, $10,852 million of bonds, $18 million of shares and units
                                           in unit trusts, $53,359 million of mutual funds, $79 million of accrued income and $50 million of other liabilities.


                                       INSURANCE AND INVESTMENT CONTRACTS ON ACCOUNT OF SEGREGATED FUND POLICYHOLDERS
                                                                                                                                                                                                Nine months ended September 30,
                                                                                                                                                                                                     2024                 2023

                                       Balance, beginning of year                                                                                                                                 422,956             387,882
                                       Additions (deductions):
                                        Policyholder deposits                                                                                                                                      43,834               39,370
                                        Net investment income                                                                                                                                       3,730                3,304
                                        Net realized capital gains on investments                                                                                                                   8,336                1,253
                                        Net unrealized capital gains on investments                                                                                                                36,240               12,505
                                        Unrealized gains due to changes in foreign exchange rates                                                                                                   9,318                1,053
                                        Policyholder withdrawals                                                                                                                                  (45,438)             (42,057)
                                        Change in segregated fund investment in general fund                                                                                                           (20)                 59
                                        Change in general fund investment in segregated fund                                                                                                            1                    1
                                        Net transfer from general fund                                                                                                                                 10                   41
                                        Non-controlling mutual fund interest                                                                                                                        2,889               (1,127)
                                                                                                                                                                                                   58,900               14,402
                                       Balance, end of period                                                                                                                                     481,856             402,284




                                             A  92                                                P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




NOTE 6 SEGREGATED FUNDS AND OTHER STRUCTURED ENTITIES (continued)




                                                                                                                                                                                    PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
INVESTMENTS ON ACCOUNT OF SEGREGATED FUND POLICYHOLDERS
(by fair value hierarchy level)
                                                                                                                                                               September 30, 2024
                                                                                                                          Level 1    Level 2             Level 3            Total

                                                                               [1]
Investments on account of segregated fund policyholders                                                                 334,845     136,196             13,533          484,574
[1] Excludes other liabilities, net of other assets, of $2,718 million.


                                                                                                                                                               December 31, 2023
                                                                                                                          Level 1    Level 2             Level 3            Total

                                                                               [1]
Investments on account of segregated fund policyholders                                                                 299,451     113,199             13,792          426,442
[1] Excludes other liabilities, net of other assets, of $3,486 million.


During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, certain foreign equity holdings valued at $4,798 million were transferred
from Level 1 to Level 2 ($56 million were transferred from Level 1 to Level 2 at December 31, 2023), primarily based on
Lifeco’s change in use of inputs in addition to quoted prices in active markets for certain foreign equity holdings. Level 2 assets
include the assets where fair value is not available from normal market pricing sources, where inputs are utilized in addition
to quoted prices in active markets and where Lifeco does not have access to the underlying asset details within an investment
fund.
The following presents additional information about Lifeco’s investments on account of segregated fund policyholders for
which Lifeco has utilized Level 3 inputs to determine fair value:
                                                                                                                                               September 30,        December 31,
                                                                                                                                                      2024                2023

Balance, beginning of year                                                                                                                           13,792               14,455
 Total losses included in segregated fund investment income                                                                                            (500)              (1,073)
 Purchases                                                                                                                                              701                   795
 Sales                                                                                                                                                 (524)                (445)
 Transfers into Level 3                                                                                                                                  97                   350
 Transfers out of Level 3                                                                                                                               (33)                (290)
Balance, end of period                                                                                                                               13,533               13,792


Transfers into Level 3 are due primarily to decreased observability of inputs in valuation methodologies. Transfers out of
Level 3 are due primarily to increased observability of inputs in valuation methodologies as evidenced by corroboration of
market prices with multiple pricing vendors.




                                     P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                      A  93
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




                                       NOTE 7 INSURANCE CONTRACTS AND REINSURANCE CONTRACTS HELD




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       INSURANCE CONTRACT (ASSETS) LIABILITIES
                                                                                                                                                Not measured under the PAA
                                                                                                                          Estimates of                 Risk
                                                                                                                         present value         adjustment
                                                                                                                              of future   for non-financial
                                       September 30, 2024                                                                   cash flows                 risk                CSM         PAA        Total
                                       Assets                                                                                   (4,510)                588                2,823         (72)    (1,171)
                                       Liabilities                                                                           121,272                 6,319              11,807       13,951    153,349
                                       Liabilities on account of segregated fund policyholders                                 65,226                      –                    –         –     65,226
                                                                                                                             181,988                 6,907              14,630       13,879    217,404


                                                                                                                                                Not measured under the PAA
                                                                                                                          Estimates of                 Risk
                                                                                                                         present value         adjustment
                                                                                                                              of future   for non-financial
                                       December 31, 2023                                                                    cash flows                 risk                CSM         PAA        Total
                                       Assets                                                                                   (6,560)              1,654                3,796         (83)    (1,193)
                                       Liabilities                                                                           115,794                 5,372                9,952      13,270    144,388
                                       Liabilities on account of segregated fund policyholders                                 60,302                      –                    –         –     60,302
                                                                                                                             169,536                 7,026              13,748       13,187    203,497


                                       REINSURANCE CONTRACT HELD ASSETS (LIABILITIES)
                                                                                                                                                Not measured under the PAA
                                                                                                                          Estimates of                 Risk
                                                                                                                         present value         adjustment
                                                                                                                              of future   for non-financial
                                       September 30, 2024                                                                   cash flows                 risk                CSM         PAA        Total
                                       Assets                                                                                  16,378                  753                  562        150      17,843
                                       Liabilities                                                                              (2,316)                998                  551         (63)      (830)
                                                                                                                               14,062                1,751                1,113         87      17,013


                                                                                                                                                Not measured under the PAA
                                                                                                                          Estimates of                 Risk
                                                                                                                         present value         adjustment
                                                                                                                              of future   for non-financial
                                       December 31, 2023                                                                    cash flows                 risk                CSM         PAA        Total
                                       Assets                                                                                  16,181                  866                  163        122      17,332
                                       Liabilities                                                                              (2,419)                863                  950         (42)      (648)
                                                                                                                               13,762                1,729                1,113         80      16,684




                                            A  94                                      P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




NOTE 7        INSURANCE CONTRACTS AND REINSURANCE CONTRACTS HELD (continued)




                                                                                                                                                                                              PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
DISCOUNT RATES
The following tables provide the lower and upper end of the range of the spot rates used by Lifeco to discount liability cash
flows by major currency:
September 30, 2024                                                                        Year 1              Year 5              Year 10           Year 20       Year 30           Year 50
            Lower                                                                         4.6%                4.0%                 4.3%              4.5%             4.5%            4.7%
CAD
            Upper                                                                         5.0%                4.5%                 4.8%              5.0%             5.0%            5.0%
            Lower                                                                         4.8%                4.4%                 4.7%              5.2%             5.0%            4.8%
USD
            Upper                                                                         5.3%                4.8%                 5.1%              5.7%             5.4%            5.0%
            Lower                                                                         2.8%                2.3%                 2.5%              2.9%             3.2%            4.3%
EUR
            Upper                                                                         3.9%                3.4%                 3.7%              4.0%             4.2%            4.5%
            Lower                                                                         4.8%                4.3%                 4.6%              5.2%             5.2%            4.1%
GBP
            Upper                                                                         5.6%                5.1%                 5.4%              6.0%             6.1%            5.0%


December 31, 2023                                                                         Year 1              Year 5              Year 10           Year 20       Year 30           Year 50
            Lower                                                                         6.0%                4.5%                 4.4%              4.3%             4.2%           4.5%
CAD
            Upper                                                                         6.4%                4.9%                 4.9%              4.9%             4.8%           4.9%
            Lower                                                                         5.7%                4.8%                 4.8%              5.3%             4.9%           4.7%
USD
            Upper                                                                         6.1%                5.2%                 5.3%              5.8%             5.4%           5.0%
            Lower                                                                         3.2%                2.1%                 2.2%              2.5%             2.9%           4.3%
EUR
            Upper                                                                         4.8%                3.6%                 3.8%              4.1%             4.2%           4.5%
            Lower                                                                         4.9%                3.8%                 4.0%              4.7%             4.6%           3.7%
GBP
            Upper                                                                         5.9%                4.8%                 5.1%              5.7%             5.6%           4.7%


The spot rates in the tables above are calculated based on prevailing interest rates observed in their respective markets. When
interest rates are not observable, the yield curve to discount cash flows transitions to an ultimate rate composed of a risk-free
rate and illiquidity premium. These amounts are set based on historical data.

IMPACT OF ASSUMPTION CHANGES AND MANAGEMENT ACTIONS
In the third quarter of 2024, Lifeco completed certain assumption reviews and model refinements related to insurance contract
liabilities. The following table shows the net earnings and CSM impacts of assumption changes and management actions for
the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023:
                                                                                                                                                              Net earnings impact (pre-tax)
                                                                                                                             Fair value
                                                                                                             CSM        impact of CSM
For the three months ended September 30, 2024                                                              impacts assumption changes
                                                                                                                  [1]
                                                                                                                                                              Other                  Total

Assumptions
 Longevity [2]                                                                                                 727                          (302)                5                   (297)
 Mortality [3]                                                                                                  44                           (85)              (17)                  (102)
 Policyholder behaviour [4]                                                                                   (413)                         108                (19)                     89
 Other [5]                                                                                                      (53)                         13                 62                      75
Total                                                                                                          305                          (266)               31                   (235)

For the three months ended September 30, 2023

Total                                                                                                          188                           (57)              (68)                  (125)
[1] Excludes participating policies.
[2] Updates to reflect trends in longevity experience, primarily on portfolios in the Capital and Risk Solutions business and in the United Kingdom in the European business.
[3] Updates to reflect trends in mortality, primarily on the United States life reinsurance portfolio in the Capital and Risk Solutions business.
[4] Updates to reflect renewal experience on term insurance in the Canadian business.
[5] Other updates, including financial and expense assumptions.




                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                               A  95
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




                                       NOTE 7        INSURANCE CONTRACTS AND REINSURANCE CONTRACTS HELD (continued)




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       CSM
                                       The continuity of the CSM of Lifeco by business is as follows:

                                                                                                                              Non-participating (excluding segregated funds)
                                                                                                                                                                                                         Participating
                                                                                                                                                                                                              account
                                                                                                                                                           Capital                                          surplus in
                                                                                                                          United                          and Risk                     Segregated              Lifeco’s
                                       For the nine months ended September 30, 2024                       Canada          States          Europe         Solutions            Total         funds         subsidiaries [1]       Total [2]

                                       CSM, beginning of year                                              1,159              24           3,255            1,745           6,183            3,298             3,154           12,635
                                        CSM recognized for services provided                                 (85)              (4)          (209)            (126)            (424)              (307)           (114)           (845)
                                        Contracts initially recognized in the period                          28                –            295               66              389               128                86            603
                                        Changes in estimates that adjust the CSM                            (419)             33             118              465              197               397                78            672
                                        Net finance (income) expenses from
                                         insurance contracts                                                  23                –              58              33              114                (13)                –           101
                                        Effect of movement in exchange rates                                    –               1            196              101              298                49                 4            351
                                       CSM, end of period                                                   706               54           3,713            2,284           6,757            3,552             3,208           13,517
                                       [1] Included in non-controlling interests on the balance sheets.
                                       [2] The amounts in the table above are presented net of reinsurance.



                                                                                                                              Non-participating (excluding segregated funds)
                                                                                                                                                                                                         Participating
                                                                                                                                                                                                              account
                                                                                                                                                           Capital                                          surplus in
                                                                                                                          United                          and Risk                     Segregated              Lifeco’s
                                       For the year ended December 31, 2023                               Canada          States          Europe         Solutions            Total         funds         subsidiaries [1]       Total [2]

                                       CSM, beginning of year                                              1,264              41           2,771            1,796           5,872            3,557             3,694           13,123
                                        CSM recognized for services provided                                (143)              (4)          (234)            (154)            (535)              (430)           (157)         (1,122)
                                        Contracts initially recognized in the year                            41                –            284               49              374               181              111             666
                                        Changes in estimates that adjust the CSM                             (40)             (12)           325                  –            273                (37)           (490)           (254)
                                        Net finance (income) expenses from
                                         insurance contracts                                                  37                –              49              37              123                16                  –           139
                                        Effect of movement in exchange rates                                    –              (1)             60              17               76                11                (4)            83
                                       CSM, end of year                                                    1,159              24           3,255            1,745           6,183            3,298             3,154           12,635
                                       [1] Included in non-controlling interests on the balance sheets.
                                       [2] The amounts in the table above are presented net of reinsurance.



                                       NOTE 8            POWER CORPORATION’S DEBENTURES AND OTHER DEBT INSTRUMENTS

                                                                                                                                                                                          September 30,                   December 31,
                                                                                                                                                                                                 2024                           2023

                                       POWER CORPORATION
                                       Debentures – unsecured
                                        8.57% debentures due April 22, 2039                                                                                                                              150                      150
                                        4.81% debentures due January 31, 2047                                                                                                                            249                      249
                                        4.455% debentures due July 27, 2048                                                                                                                              248                      248

                                       Total Power Corporation                                                                                                                                           647                      647


                                       The Corporation has a line of credit of $500 million bearing interest at Adjusted Term SOFR plus 0.70%. At September 30,
                                       2024 and December 31, 2023, the Corporation was not using its line of credit.




                                             A  96                                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




NOTE 9            NON-RECOURSE DEBENTURES AND OTHER DEBT INSTRUMENTS




                                                                                                                                                               PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
A) POWER FINANCIAL, LIFECO AND IGM
The following table presents the debentures and other debt instruments issued by Power Financial, Lifeco and IGM. The
6.90% debentures of Power Financial are direct obligations of Power Financial and are non-recourse to the Corporation. All
debentures and other debt instruments of Lifeco and its subsidiaries are direct obligations of Lifeco or its subsidiaries, as
applicable, and are non-recourse to the Corporation. All of the debentures of IGM are direct obligations of IGM and are non-
recourse to the Corporation.
                                                                                                                                September 30,   December 31,
                                                                                                                                       2024           2023

POWER FINANCIAL
Debentures – unsecured
   6.90% debentures due March 11, 2033                                                                                                   250             250

Total Power Financial                                                                                                                    250             250

LIFECO
Debentures and senior bonds – unsecured
  1.75% senior bonds due December 7, 2026 (€500 million) [1]                                                                             753             728
  3.337% debentures due February 28, 2028                                                                                                499             499
  6.40% subordinated debentures due December 11, 2028                                                                                    100             100
  4.70% senior bonds due November 16, 2029 (€500 million) [1]                                                                            752             726
  2.379% debentures due May 14, 2030                                                                                                     598             598
  6.74% debentures due November 24, 2031                                                                                                 197             196
  6.67% debentures due March 21, 2033                                                                                                    396             395
  5.998% debentures due November 16, 2039                                                                                                343             343
  2.981% debentures due July 8, 2050                                                                                                     494             494
  7.529% capital trust debentures due June 30, 2052 (face value of $150 million)                                                         155             156
                                                                                                                                       4,287          4,235
Other debt instruments – unsecured
 Commercial paper and other short-term debt instruments with interest rate of 5.383% and 5.604%
   (5.729% at December 31, 2023)                                                                                                         135             132
 Revolving credit facility with interest equal to Adjusted Term SOFR
   (US$45 million at December 31, 2023)                                                                                                     –            60
 0.904% senior notes due August 12, 2025 (US$500 million)                                                                                674             663
 1.357% senior notes due September 17, 2027 (US$400 million)                                                                             539             530
 4.047% senior notes due May 17, 2028 (US$300 million)                                                                                   404             398
 1.776% senior notes due March 17, 2031 (US$400 million)                                                                                 538             530
 4.15% senior notes due June 3, 2047 (US$700 million)                                                                                    931             917
 4.581% senior notes due May 17, 2048 (US$500 million)                                                                                   669             659
 3.075% senior notes due September 17, 2051 (US$700 million)                                                                             935             922
                                                                                                                                       4,825          4,811

Total Lifeco                                                                                                                           9,112          9,046
[1] Designated by Lifeco as hedges of the net investment in foreign operations.




                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                    A  97
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




                                       NOTE 9       NON-RECOURSE DEBENTURES AND OTHER DEBT INSTRUMENTS (continued)




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                                                                                              September 30,    December 31,
                                                                                                                                                                                     2024            2023

                                       IGM FINANCIAL
                                       Debentures – unsecured
                                         3.44% debentures due January 26, 2027                                                                                                         400              400
                                         6.65% debentures due December 13, 2027                                                                                                        125              125
                                         7.45% debentures due May 9, 2031                                                                                                              150              150
                                         7.00% debentures due December 31, 2032                                                                                                        175              175
                                         7.11% debentures due March 7, 2033                                                                                                            150              150
                                         6.00% debentures due December 10, 2040                                                                                                        200              200
                                         4.56% debentures due January 25, 2047                                                                                                         200              200
                                         4.115% debentures due December 9, 2047                                                                                                        250              250
                                         4.174% debentures due July 13, 2048                                                                                                           200              200
                                         4.206% debentures due March 21, 2050                                                                                                          250              250
                                         5.426% debentures due May 26, 2053                                                                                                            300              300
                                       Debentures of IGM held by Lifeco as investments                                                                                                  (88)            (88)

                                       Total IGM                                                                                                                                      2,312           2,312

                                       Total Power Financial, Lifeco and IGM                                                                                                         11,674          11,608


                                       CHANGES IN DEBENTURES AND OTHER DEBT INSTRUMENTS – POWER FINANCIAL, LIFECO AND IGM
                                       The table below details changes in the debentures and other debt instruments arising from financing activities, including both
                                       cash and non-cash changes:
                                                                                                                                                                              September 30,    September 30,
                                                                                                                                                                                     2024             2023

                                       Balance, beginning of the year                                                                                                                11,608          12,771
                                         Issue of debentures                                                                                                                              –             300
                                         Increase in other debt instruments                                                                                                               –             550
                                         Repayment of euro-denominated debt                                                                                                               –            (735)
                                         Decrease in other debt instruments                                                                                                             (60)           (602)
                                         Changes in foreign exchange rates and other                                                                                                   126               35
                                       Balance, end of period                                                                                                                        11,674          12,319




                                            A  98                                      P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




NOTE 9        NON-RECOURSE DEBENTURES AND OTHER DEBT INSTRUMENTS (continued)




                                                                                                                                                                                PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
B) ALTERNATIVE ASSET INVESTMENT PLATFORMS AND OTHER – PROJECT AND OTHER DEBT
The following table presents the other debt instruments held by alternative asset investment platforms and other. All other
debt instruments are credit or loan facilities that are direct obligations, and secured by the assets, of subsidiaries of the
Corporation and are non-recourse to the Corporation.
                                                                                                                                      September 30,          December 31,
                                                                                                                                             2024                  2023

OTHER DEBT INSTRUMENTS
Investment Funds and Other – secured
  Revolving credit facility up to $10 million, with interest equal to prime rate plus 0.15%                                                        9                     3
  Revolving credit facility up to US$75 million, with interest equal to the U.S. base rate minus 0.35%
   (US$36 million) (US$63 million at December 31, 2023)                                                                                           49                    84
  Revolving credit facility up to US$75 million, with interest equal to SOFR plus 1.8% (US$3 million)                                              4                      –
  Revolving credit facility up to $525 million, with interest equal to CORRA plus 1.6%,
   prime rate plus 0.6%, U.S. base rate plus 0.6% or SOFR plus 1.6% ($15 million and US$141 million)
   (US$160 million at December 31, 2023)                                                                                                        204                    211
  Revolving credit facility up to $12 million, with interest equal to prime rate plus 0.25%                                                        4                     1
Renewable Energy – Project debt – secured
  Construction loan facilities due from May 2026 to September 2042, bearing interest at
   various rates equal to 4.72%, SOFR plus 2.25% and U.S. base rate plus 1.25%
   ($101 million and US$317 million) ($518 million and US$220 million at December 31, 2023) [1]                                                 528                    809
  Loan facilities due from March 2026 to December 2037, bearing interest at
   various rates from 4.23% to 6.0%, prime rate and CORRA plus 1.75%                                                                            510                    521
  Loan facilities due from May 2027 to December 2059, bearing interest at
   various rates from 3.62% to 6.50% and prime rate plus 1.5% ($1,030 million and US$17 million)
   ($639 million and US$19 million at December 31, 2023) [1]                                                                                  1,052                    664
  Loan facilities due from June 2025 to March 2048, bearing interest at various rates from 2.73% to
   6.89% and SOFR plus 2.25% (US$361 million) (US$307 million at December 31, 2023)                                                             486                    405
  Mezzanine loans due from January 2035 to June 2035, bearing interest at
   various rates from 7.36% to 7.5%                                                                                                               88                    91
Standalone Businesses – secured
  Revolving credit facility and term loan facilities due in November 2025 bearing interest at
   various rates equal to U.S. base rate or prime rate plus margin from 1.0% to 3.25%, or bankers’
   acceptances or SOFR plus margin from 2.0% to 4.25% [2]                                                                                       179                    163
  Subordinated term facility of $65 million, bearing interest at 12.0%, principal and accrued interest
   payable at maturity in June 2026 [2]                                                                                                           67                    65

Total alternative asset investment platforms and other                                                                                        3,180                  3,017
[1] In the second and third quarters of 2024, $413 million in construction loan facilities were converted to loan facilities for certain projects having achieved substantial
    completion.
[2] The revolving credit, term loan and subordinated term facilities are subject to certain financial covenants including a minimum cumulative EBITDA covenant. At
    September 30, 2024, this covenant was not in compliance; however, the lenders have provided a tolerance letter valid until November 30, 2024.


CHANGES IN OTHER DEBT INSTRUMENTS – ALTERNATIVE ASSET INVESTMENT PLATFORMS AND
OTHER
The table below details changes in the other debt instruments arising from financing activities, including both cash and non-
cash changes:
                                                                                                                                      September 30,          September 30,
                                                                                                                                             2024                   2023

Balance, beginning of the year                                                                                                                3,017                  1,956
  Acquisitions                                                                                                                                    26                    70
  Increase in other debt instruments                                                                                                            439                  1,313
  Decrease in other debt instruments                                                                                                            (308)                 (570)
  Changes in foreign exchange rates and other                                                                                                      6                    (54)
Balance, end of period                                                                                                                        3,180                  2,715




                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                 A  99
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




                                       NOTE 10 SHARE CAPITAL




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       AUTHORIZED
                                       The authorized capital of Power Corporation consists of an unlimited number of First Preferred Shares, issuable in series; an
                                       unlimited number of Participating Preferred Shares; and an unlimited number of Subordinate Voting Shares.

                                       ISSUED AND OUTSTANDING
                                                                                                                                           September 30, 2024                                   December 31, 2023
                                                                                                                              Number                        Share                   Number                  Share
                                                                                                                              of shares                    capital                  of shares              capital
                                                                                                                                                                 $                                              $
                                       Non-Participating Shares
                                       First Preferred Shares
                                         Non-cumulative Redeemable, fixed rate
                                           Series A                                                                        6,000,000                          150                  6,000,000                 150
                                           Series B                                                                        8,000,000                          200                  8,000,000                 200
                                           Series C                                                                        6,000,000                          150                  6,000,000                 150
                                           Series D                                                                       10,000,000                          250              10,000,000                    250
                                           Series G                                                                        8,000,000                          200                  8,000,000                 200

                                       Total Non-Participating Shares                                                                                         950                                            950

                                       Participating Shares
                                       Participating Preferred Shares                                                     54,860,866                          233              54,860,866                    233
                                       Subordinate Voting Shares
                                        Balance, beginning of year                                                      597,387,873                        9,051             612,219,731                   9,253
                                          Issued under Stock Option Plan                                                   2,060,448                           75                  1,273,542                  42
                                          Purchased for cancellation under Normal Course Issuer Bid                       (7,967,200)                        (121)            (16,105,400)                  (244)
                                        Balance, end of period                                                          591,481,121                        9,005             597,387,873                   9,051

                                       Total Participating Shares                                                                                          9,238                                           9,284




                                           A  100                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




NOTE 10 SHARE CAPITAL (continued)




                                                                                                                                   PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
Participating Shares
During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, 2,060,448 Subordinate Voting Shares were issued under the
Corporation’s Executive Stock Option Plan for a consideration of $68 million (1,119,631 Subordinate Voting Shares issued for
the nine months ended September 30, 2023 for a consideration of $34 million).
During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, dividends declared on the Corporation’s participating shares amounted
to $1.6875 per share ($1.5750 per share in 2023).

Normal Course Issuer Bids
On March 1, 2023, the Corporation commenced a Normal Course Issuer Bid (NCIB) which was effective until February 29,
2024. During the three months ended March 31, 2024, 2,138,000 Subordinate Voting Shares were purchased for cancellation
by the Corporation pursuant to this NCIB for a total of $82 million (9,296,500 Subordinate Voting Shares for a total of
$340 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2023).
On March 1, 2024, the Corporation commenced a new NCIB which is effective until the earlier of February 28, 2025 and the
date on which the Corporation has purchased the maximum permitted number of Subordinate Voting Shares. Pursuant to
this NCIB, the Corporation may purchase up to 25 million of its Subordinate Voting Shares outstanding (representing
approximately 4.6% of the public float of Subordinate Voting Shares outstanding as at February 16, 2024) at market prices.
During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Corporation purchased for cancellation 5,829,200 Subordinate
Voting Shares pursuant to this NCIB for a total of $227 million.
In the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Corporation’s share capital was reduced by the average carrying value of
the shares repurchased for cancellation. The excess paid over the average carrying value of share capital was $188 million
and was recognized as a reduction to retained earnings ($199 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2023).
In connection with its NCIB, the Corporation has entered into an automatic share purchase plan (ASPP) and may provide
parameters thereunder from time to time to allow a designated broker to purchase Subordinate Voting Shares under the
NCIB at times when the Corporation would ordinarily not be permitted to purchase shares due to regulatory restrictions or
self-imposed blackout periods. Outside of these predetermined trading blackout periods, purchases under the Corporation’s
NCIB will be completed at management’s discretion.
Subsequent event
Subsequent to quarter-end, the Corporation purchased, as of November 12, 2024, an additional 676,700 Subordinate Voting
Shares pursuant to its current NCIB, for a total of $30 million.




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4   A  101
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




                                       NOTE 11 SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       STOCK OPTION PLAN
                                       On September 30, 2024, there were 20,190,143 Subordinate Voting Shares and 7,912,761 Subordinate Voting Shares
                                       reserved for issuance under Power Corporation’s Executive Stock Option Plan and under Power Financial’s Employee Stock
                                       Option Plan, assumed by Power Corporation (Stock Option Plans).
                                       A summary of the status of the Corporation’s Stock Option Plans, including tandem share appreciation rights (TSARs), as at
                                       September 30, 2024 and 2023, and changes during the respective periods then ended, is as follows:
                                                                                                                                              September 30, 2024                                    September 30, 2023
                                                                                                                                                   Weighted-average                                  Weighted-average
                                                                                                                                Options                exercise price                 Options            exercise price
                                                                                                                                                                   $                                                    $
                                       Outstanding, beginning of year                                                      23,532,731                         32.41             25,567,243                       31.86
                                        Granted                                                                             1,292,486                         38.09                 1,284,026                    34.54
                                        Exercised or surrendered for cash                                                  (3,791,386)                        32.11              (3,159,631)                     28.90
                                        Forfeited                                                                                       –                           –                  (1,604)                   38.34
                                       Outstanding, end of period                                                          21,033,831                         32.81             23,690,034                       32.40

                                       Options exercisable, end of period                                                  16,440,601                         31.94             18,572,235                       31.75


                                       The exercise price of the 21,033,831 outstanding options ranges from $27.30 to $42.45.

                                       TANDEM SHARE APPRECIATION RIGHTS
                                       A summary of the status of the Corporation’s options with TSARs attached, as at September 30, 2024 and 2023, and changes
                                       during the respective periods ended is as follows:
                                                                                                                       September 30, 2024                                                           September 30, 2023
                                                                                               Weighted-average                    Fair value                               Weighted-average                  Fair value
                                                                                     TSARs         exercise price                  of liability                  TSARs          exercise price                of liability
                                                                                                                   $                          $                                                 $                       $
                                       Outstanding, beginning of year           10,606,606                   31.71                          67             12,646,606                    31.15                        39
                                        Surrendered for cash                    (1,730,938)                  31.10                          (13)           (2,040,000)                   28.24                       (14)
                                        Change in fair value                              –                        –                        27                          –                       –                     24
                                       Outstanding, end of period                8,875,668                   31.83                          81             10,606,606                    31.71                        49

                                       TSARs exercisable, end of period          8,875,668                   31.83                                         10,156,606                    31.60


                                       The fair value of the outstanding cash-settled liability was $81 million at September 30, 2024 ($67 million at December 31,
                                       2023) and is recorded in other liabilities. The intrinsic value of this liability at September 30, 2024 was $96 million ($66 million
                                       at December 31, 2023).
                                       The fair value of the TSARs was estimated using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model with the following weighted-average
                                       assumptions:
                                                                                                                                                                             September 30,              September 30,
                                                                                                                                                                                    2024                       2023

                                       Dividend yield                                                                                                                                    5.4%                       5.4%
                                       Expected volatility                                                                                                                    17.5% - 20.8%              15.7% – 22.8%
                                       Risk-free interest rate                                                                                                                  2.9% - 3.9%                4.6% – 5.6%
                                       Expected life (years)                                                                                                                        0.4 – 4.5                0.6 – 5.5
                                       Share price ($/share)                                                                                                                          42.66                     34.58
                                       Weighted-average exercise price ($/option)                                                                                                     31.83                     31.71
                                       Weighted-average fair value ($/option)                                                                                                           9.10                      4.63

                                       The Corporation entered into total return swap agreements to manage exposure to the volatility of a portion of its cash-settled
                                       share-based payments and related liability. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, a net gain of $4 million (a net
                                       loss of $17 million in 2023) arising from the change in fair value of the liability, net of the gain on the remeasurement to fair
                                       value of the derivative instruments, was included in operating and administrative expenses in the statements of earnings.




                                           A  102                                     P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




NOTE 11 SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION (continued)




                                                                                                                                                           PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
RESTRICTED SHARE UNITS
During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Corporation granted 294,039 Restricted Share Units (RSUs) to an
executive to assist in retention and further alignment of its interests with those of the shareholders. The fair value of the RSUs
granted was measured based on the market value of the Corporation’s Subordinate Voting Shares at the grant date and vest
on the basis of [i] 25% two years from the date of grant; [ii] 50% three years from the date of grant; and [iii] 25% four years
from the date of grant. Additional RSUs are issued in respect to dividends declared on the Subordinate Voting Shares at the
dividend payment date. Upon vesting, one Subordinate Voting Share will be issued for each vested RSU, and the amount
accumulated in contributed surplus will be reclassified to share capital. At September 30, 2024, 302,763 RSUs were
outstanding and have not vested.

COMPENSATION EXPENSE
During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, Power Corporation granted 1,292,486 options (1,284,026 options were
granted for the nine months ended September 30, 2023) under its Executive Stock Option Plan. Options granted in the nine
months ended September 30, 2024 vest on the basis of [i] 50% three years from the date of grant; and [ii] 50% four years from
the date of grant.
The fair value of the options granted was estimated using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model with the following weighted-
average assumptions:
                                                                                                                          September 30,   September 30,
                                                                                                                                 2024            2023

Dividend yield                                                                                                                     5.5%             5.9%
Expected volatility                                                                                                               18.6%           18.2%
Risk-free interest rate                                                                                                            3.4%             2.7%
Expected life (years)                                                                                                              9.2              9.0
Fair value ($/option)                                                                                                             3.53            2.41
Weighted-average exercise price ($/option)                                                                                       38.09           34.54

The expected volatility has been estimated based on the historical volatility of the Corporation’s share price using the
expected option life.
Lifeco, IGM and Wealthsimple have also established stock option plans pursuant to which options may be granted to certain
officers and employees. In addition, other subsidiaries of the Corporation have established share-based compensation plans.
Compensation expense related to equity-settled stock option plans is recorded based on the fair value of the options or the
fair value of the equity instruments at the grant date, amortized over the vesting period. For the three months ended
September 30, 2024, total compensation expense relating to the equity-settled stock options granted by the Corporation and
its subsidiaries amounted to $11 million ($25 million in 2023), and $33 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024
($78 million in 2023), and was recorded in operating and administrative expenses in the statements of earnings.




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                    A  103
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




                                       NOTE 12        CAPITAL MANAGEMENT




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       POWER CORPORATION
                                       As a holding company, Power Corporation’s objectives in managing its capital are to:
                                        provide attractive long-term returns to shareholders of the Corporation;
                                        provide sufficient financial flexibility to pursue its growth strategy to invest on a timely basis in its operating companies and
                                          other investments as opportunities arise;
                                        maintain a capital structure that matches the long-term nature of its investments by maximizing the use of permanent
                                          capital;
                                        maintain an appropriate credit rating to ensure stable access to the capital markets; and
                                        maintain available cash and cash equivalents at a minimum of two times fixed charges.
                                       The Corporation manages its capital taking into consideration the risk characteristics and liquidity of its holdings. In order to
                                       maintain or adjust its capital structure, the Corporation may adjust the amount of dividends paid to shareholders, return capital
                                       to shareholders or issue capital.
                                       The capital structure of the Corporation consists of debentures, non-participating shares, participating shareholders’ equity
                                       and non-controlling interests. The Corporation views non-participating shares as a cost-effective source of permanent capital.
                                       The Corporation is a long-term investor and as such holds positions in long-term investments as well as cash and fixed income
                                       securities for liquidity purposes.
                                       The Board of Directors of the Corporation is responsible for capital management. Management of the Corporation is
                                       responsible for establishing capital management procedures and for implementing and monitoring its capital plans. The
                                       Board of Directors of the Corporation reviews and approves capital transactions such as the issuance, redemption and
                                       repurchase of participating shares, non-participating shares and debentures. The boards of directors of the Corporation’s
                                       subsidiaries, as well as those of Parjointco and GBL, oversee and have the responsibility for their respective company’s capital
                                       management.
                                       The Corporation itself is not subject to externally imposed regulatory capital requirements. However, Lifeco and certain of its
                                       main subsidiaries, IGM’s subsidiaries and certain of the Corporation’s other subsidiaries are subject to regulatory capital
                                       requirements and they manage their capital as described below.




                                           A  104                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




NOTE 12 CAPITAL MANAGEMENT (continued)




                                                                                                                                        PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
LIFECO
Lifeco manages its capital on both a consolidated basis and at the individual operating subsidiary level. The primary objectives
of Lifeco’s capital management strategy are:
 to maintain the capitalization of its regulated operating subsidiaries at a level that will exceed the relevant minimum
   regulatory capital requirements in the jurisdictions in which they operate;
 to maintain strong credit and financial strength ratings of Lifeco ensuring stable access to capital markets; and
 to provide an efficient capital structure to maximize shareholder value in the context of Lifeco’s operational risks and
   strategic plans.
Management of Lifeco is responsible for establishing capital management procedures for implementing and monitoring the
capital plan.
The target level of capitalization for Lifeco and its subsidiaries is assessed by considering various factors such as the probability
of falling below the minimum regulatory capital requirements in the relevant operating jurisdiction, the views expressed by
various credit rating agencies that provide financial strength and other ratings to Lifeco, and the desire to hold sufficient
capital to be able to honour all policyholder and other obligations of Lifeco with a high degree of confidence.
In Canada, OSFI has established a regulatory capital adequacy measurement for life insurance companies incorporated under
the Insurance Companies Act (Canada) and their subsidiaries known as the Life Insurance Capital Adequacy Test (LICAT). The
LICAT ratio compares the regulatory capital resources of a company to its required capital, defined by OSFI as the aggregate
of all defined capital requirements. The total capital resources are provided by the sum of available capital, surplus allowance
and eligible deposits. OSFI has established a supervisory target total ratio of 100%, and a supervisory minimum total ratio of
90%. Canada Life’s consolidated LICAT ratio at September 30, 2024 was 134% (128% at December 31, 2023).
Other foreign operations and foreign subsidiaries of Lifeco are required to comply with local capital or solvency requirements
in their respective jurisdictions.

IGM FINANCIAL
IGM’s capital management objective is to maximize shareholder returns while ensuring that IGM is capitalized in a manner
which appropriately supports regulatory capital requirements, working capital needs and business expansion. IGM’s capital
management practices are focused on preserving the quality of its financial position by maintaining a solid capital base and
a strong balance sheet. IGM regularly assesses its capital management practices in response to changing economic
conditions.
IGM’s capital is primarily used in its ongoing business operations to support working capital requirements, long-term
investments made by IGM, business expansion and other strategic objectives.
The IGM subsidiaries that are subject to regulatory capital requirements include investment dealers, mutual fund dealers,
exempt market dealers, portfolio managers, investment fund managers and a trust company. These IGM subsidiaries are
required to maintain minimum levels of capital based on either working capital, liquidity or shareholders’ equity. At
September 30, 2024, IGM subsidiaries have complied with all regulatory capital requirements.

ALTERNATIVE ASSET INVESTMENT PLATFORMS AND OTHER
Certain subsidiaries are subject to regulatory capital requirements, including portfolio managers, asset managers and an
order-execution-only broker. These subsidiaries are required to maintain levels of capital based on their working capital,
liquidity or shareholders’ equity. At September 30, 2024, these subsidiaries have complied with all regulatory capital
requirements.




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4   A  105
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




                                       NOTE 13        RISK MANAGEMENT




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       The Corporation and its subsidiaries have established policies, guidelines and procedures designed to identify, measure,
                                       monitor, report and mitigate risks associated with financial instruments and insurance contracts. The key risks related to
                                       financial instruments are liquidity risk, credit risk and market risk.
                                        Liquidity risk is the risk that the Corporation and its subsidiaries would not be able to meet all cash outflow obligations as
                                          they come due or be able to, in a timely manner, raise capital or monetize assets at normal market conditions.
                                        Credit risk is the potential for financial loss to the Corporation and its subsidiaries if a counterparty in a transaction fails to
                                          meet its payment obligations. Credit risk can be related to the default of a single debt issuer, the variation of credit spreads
                                          on tradable fixed income securities and also to counterparty risk relating to derivative products.
                                        Market risk is the risk that the market value or future cash flows of a financial instrument and the value of insurance and
                                          investment contract liabilities will fluctuate as a result of changes in market factors. Market factors include three types of
                                          risks: foreign exchange risk, interest rate (including inflation) risk and equity risk.
                                           Foreign exchange risk relates to the Corporation, its subsidiaries and its jointly controlled corporations and associates
                                            operating in different currencies and converting non-Canadian investments and earnings at different points in time at
                                            different foreign exchange levels when adverse changes in foreign currency exchange rates occur.
                                           Interest rate risk is the risk that the fair value of a financial instrument will fluctuate following changes in the interest rates.
                                           Equity risk is the potential loss associated with the sensitivity of the market price of a financial instrument arising from
                                            volatility in equity markets.
                                       Estimates of sensitivities and risk exposure measures are included for certain risks, such as the sensitivity due to specific
                                       changes in interest rate levels projected and market prices as at the valuation date. Actual results can differ significantly from
                                       these estimates for a variety of reasons, including, but not limited to, changes in the Corporation and its subsidiaries’ asset or
                                       liability profile, changes in business mix, effective income tax rates, other market factors, difference in the actual exposure
                                       relative to broad market indices, variation in exposures by geography, and general limitations of the Corporation and its
                                       subsidiaries’ internal models.
                                       For these reasons, the sensitivities should only be viewed as directional estimates of the underlying sensitivities for the
                                       respective factors. Given the nature of these calculations, the Corporation cannot provide assurance that the actual impact on
                                       net earnings will be as indicated.
                                       The following is a summary of risks in respect to the Corporation and its subsidiaries’ financial instruments and insurance
                                       contracts. In the first section below, the risk management policies and procedures of Power Corporation, Power Financial and
                                       the Corporation’s alternative asset investment platforms and other (other subsidiaries) are discussed. Risks related to Lifeco
                                       and IGM are discussed in subsequent sections. For a more detailed discussion, refer to Note 24 to the Corporation’s
                                       Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended December 31, 2023.




                                           A  106                                     P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




NOTE 13 RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)




                                                                                                                                      PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
POWER CORPORATION, POWER FINANCI AL AND ALTERNATIVE ASSET INVESTMENT
PLATFORMS AND OTHER

LIQUIDITY RISK
As a holding company, the Corporation’s ability to pay dividends is dependent upon the Corporation receiving dividends
from its principal operating subsidiaries and other investments. Lifeco and its subsidiaries are subject to restrictions set out in
relevant corporate and insurance laws and regulations, which require that solvency and capital ratios be maintained. IGM’s
subsidiaries are also subject to minimum capital requirements. Regulatory requirements may change from time to time, and
thereby impact the ability of the operating subsidiaries to pay dividends. The declaration and payment of dividends by the
Corporation in future periods remains at the discretion of its Board of Directors and is dependent on the operating
performance, profitability, financial position and creditworthiness of its operating subsidiaries and other investments, as well
as on their ability to pay dividends.
Power Corporation and Power Financial believe their ongoing cash flows from operations, available cash balances and
liquidity available through their lines of credit are sufficient to address their liquidity needs.

CREDIT RISK
Power Corporation, Power Financial and other subsidiaries’ cash and cash equivalents, including fixed income securities,
client funds on deposit, other loans and derivatives are subject to credit risk.
Power Corporation, Power Financial and other subsidiaries manage credit risk on their fixed income securities by adhering to
an investment policy that establishes guidelines which provide exposure limits by defining admissible securities, minimum
ratings and concentration limits.
The maximum exposure to credit risk on these financial instruments is limited to their carrying value.

MARKET RISK
Power Corporation and Power Financial and other subsidiaries’ financial instruments are comprised of cash and cash
equivalents, fixed income securities, other investments (consisting of equity securities, other loans, investment funds and
hedge funds), derivatives and debentures and other debt instruments.

Equity risk
Power Corporation, Power Financial and other subsidiaries held other investments either classified as FVOCI or FVPL. All
unrealized gains and losses on investments classified as FVOCI are recorded in other comprehensive income and transferred
directly to retained earnings on realization. Unrealized gains and losses on investments classified as FVPL are recorded directly
in net earnings. As at September 30, 2024, the Corporation’s investments classified as FVOCI are not significant. At
September 30, 2024, the impact of a 10% decrease in the value of other investments held by Power Corporation, Power
Financial and other subsidiaries would have resulted in an approximate $280 million loss ($230 million at December 31, 2023)
recorded in net earnings related to investments classified as FVPL, including investments in jointly controlled corporations
and associates measured at FVPL.
GBL holds a portfolio of investments which are classified as FVOCI or FVPL. All unrealized gains and losses on investments
classified as FVOCI are recorded in other comprehensive income and transferred directly to retained earnings on realization.
Unrealized gains and losses on investments classified as FVPL are recorded directly in net earnings. As at September 30, 2024,
the impact of a 10% decrease in equity markets would have resulted in an approximate $260 million unrealized loss
($265 million at December 31, 2023) to be recorded in other comprehensive income related to investments classified as
FVOCI and a $80 million loss ($75 million at December 31, 2023) recorded in net earnings related to investments classified
as FVPL, representing the Corporation’s share of Parjointco’s unrealized losses.
Power Corporation, Power Financial and other subsidiaries’ exposure and management of liquidity risk, credit risk and market
risk have not changed materially since December 31, 2023.




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4   A  107
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




                                       NOTE 13 RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       LIFECO
                                       The risk committee of the board of directors of Lifeco is responsible for the oversight of Lifeco’s key risks. Lifeco has
                                       established policies and procedures designed to identify, measure, manage, monitor and report material risks associated
                                       with financial instruments and insurance contracts. Lifeco’s approach to risk management has not changed significantly since
                                       December 31, 2023. Certain risks are presented below. For a more detailed discussion of Lifeco’s risk governance structure
                                       and risk management approach, refer to Note 24 to the Corporation’s Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended
                                       December 31, 2023.

                                       LIQUIDITY RISK
                                       Lifeco has the following policies and procedures in place to manage liquidity risk:
                                        Management of Lifeco closely manages operating liquidity through cash flow matching of assets and liabilities and
                                          forecasting earned and required yields, to ensure consistency between policyholder requirements and the yield of assets.
                                        Management of Lifeco closely monitors the solvency and capital positions of its principal subsidiaries opposite liquidity
                                          requirements at the holding company. Additional liquidity is available through established lines of credit or via capital
                                          market transactions. Lifeco maintains committed lines of credit with Canadian chartered banks.

                                       CREDIT RISK
                                       Concentrations of Credit Risk
                                       Concentrations of credit risk arise from exposures to a single debtor, a group of related debtors or groups of debtors that
                                       have similar credit risk characteristics in that they operate in the same geographic region or in similar industries. The
                                       characteristics of such debtors are similar in that changes in economic or political environments may impact their ability to
                                       meet obligations as they come due. No significant changes have occurred from the year ended December 31, 2023.

                                       Expected Credit Losses
                                       The majority of Lifeco’s financial assets are measured at FVPL and therefore are not subject to the ECL model. The ECL model
                                       only applies to FVOCI and amortized cost fixed income investments. The ECL allowance at Lifeco was $33 million at
                                       September 30, 2024, of which $5 million was Stage 1, $24 million was Stage 2 and $4 million was Stage 3 ($37 million at
                                       December 31, 2023, of which $4 million was Stage 1, $29 million was Stage 2 and $4 million was Stage 3).

                                       Credit Impact on Financial Assets Designated as FVPL
                                       The carrying value of Lifeco’s portfolio investments designated as FVPL represents the maximum exposure to credit risk for
                                       those assets. The change in fair value attributable to the change in credit risk of these assets is generally insignificant in the
                                       absence of significant credit events occurring on specific assets. Fair value losses of $22 million and $46 million for the three
                                       and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively (nil and $17 million for the three and nine months ended
                                       September 30, 2023, respectively) are reflected in changes in fair value on FVPL assets in the statement of earnings related to
                                       significant credit events occurring on assets designated at FVPL.

                                       MARKET RISK
                                       Foreign exchange risk
                                       If the assets backing insurance and investment contract liabilities are not matched by currency, changes in foreign exchange
                                       rates can expose Lifeco to the risk of foreign exchange losses not offset by liability decreases.
                                        A 10% weakening of the Canadian dollar against foreign currencies would be expected to increase non-participating
                                          insurance and investment contract liabilities and their supporting assets by approximately the same amount, resulting in
                                          an immaterial immediate change to net earnings. A 10% strengthening of the Canadian dollar against foreign currencies
                                          would be expected to decrease non-participating insurance and investment contract liabilities and their supporting assets
                                          by approximately the same amount, resulting in an immaterial immediate change to net earnings.




                                           A  108                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




NOTE 13 RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)




                                                                                                                                                                                        PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
Lifeco has net investments in foreign operations. Lifeco’s debt obligations are denominated in Canadian dollars, euros and
U.S. dollars. In accordance with IFRS, foreign currency translation gains and losses from net investments in foreign operations,
net of related hedging activities and tax effects, are recorded in other comprehensive income. Strengthening or weakening
of the Canadian dollar spot rate compared to the U.S. dollar, British pound and euro spot rates impacts Lifeco’s total equity.
Correspondingly, Lifeco’s book value per share and capital ratios monitored by rating agencies are also impacted.

Interest rate risk
The following policies and procedures are in place to mitigate Lifeco’s exposure to interest rate risk:
 Lifeco manages its interest rate risk by investing in assets that are suitable for the products sold.
 Lifeco uses a formal process for managing the matching of assets and liabilities. This involves grouping general fund assets
   and liabilities into each of its segments. Assets in each segment are managed in relation to the liabilities in the segment.
 For products with fixed and highly predictable benefit payments, investments are generally made in fixed income assets
   or investment properties whose cash flows closely match the liability product cash flows. Where assets are not available to
   match certain period cash flows, such as long-tail cash flows, a portion of these are invested in equities and other non-fixed
   income assets while the rest are duration matched.
 Hedging instruments are utilized when there is a lack of suitable permanent investments or to manage the level of loss
   exposure to interest rate changes.
 To the extent assets and liabilities cash flows are matched, protection against interest rate change is achieved and any
   change in the fair value of the assets will be offset by a similar change in the fair value of the liabilities.
 For products with less predictable timing of benefit payments, investments are made in fixed income assets with cash flows
   of a shorter duration than the anticipated timing of benefit payments, or equities and other non-fixed income assets.
 The risks associated with the mismatch in portfolio duration and cash flow, asset prepayment exposure and the pace of
   asset acquisition are quantified and reviewed regularly.
The impact to net earnings from changes in the interest rates would be largely offset by changes in the value of financial assets
supporting the liabilities. However, differences in the interest rate sensitivity in the value of assets and the value of insurance
and investment contract liabilities leads to a sensitivity to interest rate movements in net earnings under IFRS 17, Insurance
Contracts (IFRS 17) and IFRS 9, Financial Instruments (IFRS 9).
Lifeco’s asset liability management strategy uses public equities and other non-fixed income assets as a component of general
fund assets supporting liabilities, which leads to interest rate exposure in the net earnings. Further, the classification of
financial assets under IFRS 9, such as mortgage assets in the United Kingdom, which are valued at amortized cost and held in
the general fund assets supporting liabilities, also contributes to interest rate exposure in net earnings.
The impact to net earnings and equity from an immediate parallel 50 basis point increase or decrease in interest rates is
illustrated in the table below, rounded to the nearest $25 million:
Change in market yield curves
                                                                                                                          September 30, 2024                     December 31, 2023
                                                                                                                 Increase            Decrease            Increase          Decrease
                                                                                                          50 basis points      50 basis points    50 basis points    50 basis points
                                                                                                            interest rates       interest rates     interest rates     interest rates

Net earnings                                                                                                         150                 (175)               175               (225)
Equity                                                                                                               100                 (150)               150               (225)

The sensitivities above reflect the immediate impacts on net earnings and equity from market movements.
Actual impacts of interest rate changes will vary depending upon the geography where the changes occur. Net earnings are
positively impacted by a parallel increase in interest rates in Canada, the United States and the United Kingdom and are
positively impacted by a parallel decrease in interest rates in the eurozone. Actual impacts of interest rate changes also vary
by the level of change in interest rates by term. Therefore, actual impacts from interest rate changes may differ from the
estimated impact of parallel movements in all geographies, which is presented above.
The potential impact on the net earnings does not take into account any future potential changes to Lifeco’s ultimate
investment rate (UIR) assumptions. As at both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the sensitivity of net earnings to
a 10 basis point increase or decrease in the UIR in all geographies would be an increase of $25 million or a decrease of
$25 million after tax, respectively.




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                               A  109
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




                                       NOTE 13 RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       The impact to net earnings and equity from an immediate parallel 50 basis point increase or decrease in credit spreads is
                                       illustrated in the table below, rounded to the nearest $25 million:
                                       Change in credit spreads
                                                                                                                                                                   September 30, 2024                          December 31, 2023
                                                                                                                                                          Increase             Decrease                Increase           Decrease
                                                                                                                                                    50 basis points       50 basis points        50 basis points     50 basis points
                                                                                                                                                    credit spreads        credit spreads         credit spreads      credit spreads

                                       Net earnings                                                                                                             225                 (250)                  300                (375)
                                       Equity                                                                                                                   275                 (325)                  350                (450)

                                       The sensitivities above reflect the immediate impacts on net earnings and equity from market movements.
                                       Actual impacts of credit spread changes will vary depending on the geographies where the changes occur, and the changes
                                       in credit spreads by term. A change in credit spreads may also lead to a change in the allowance for credit risk within the
                                       IFRS 17 discount rate, depending on prevailing market and credit conditions at the time; any potential earnings impacts that
                                       may arise from such a change are not reflected in the sensitivities above.

                                       Equity risk
                                       Lifeco has investment policy guidelines in place that provide for prudent investment in equity markets with clearly defined
                                       limits to mitigate price risk. The risks associated with segregated fund guarantees on lifetime Guaranteed Minimum
                                       Withdrawal Benefits have been mitigated through a hedging program using equity futures, currency forwards and interest
                                       rate derivatives.
                                       Some insurance and investment contract liabilities with long-tail cash flows are supported by publicly traded common shares
                                       and investments in other non-fixed income assets, primarily comprised of investment properties, real estate funds, private
                                       equities, and equity-release mortgages. Net earnings will reflect changes in the value of non-fixed income assets. However,
                                       in most cases the value of the liabilities will not fluctuate with changes in the value of the non-fixed income assets.
                                       The liabilities for segregated fund products with guarantees will fluctuate with changes in the value of the non-fixed income
                                       assets. Under current market conditions, there are no earnings impacts to Lifeco on segregated fund business that it does not
                                       hedge, as changes in the cost of guarantees are fully offset within the CSM. For segregated fund business that Lifeco hedges,
                                       there is a limited earnings impact with respect to the change in liability versus the change in hedge assets.
                                       On January 1, 2024, Lifeco completed the sale of Putnam Investments and currently holds approximately 31,600,000 Franklin
                                       Templeton common shares as part of the consideration, which are classified as FVOCI. Lifeco will hold a majority of these
                                       shares for a minimum five-year period.
                                       The following table provides information on the expected immediate impacts of an immediate 10% or 20% increase or
                                       decrease in the value of publicly traded common shares on net earnings and equity, rounded to the nearest $25 million:
                                       Change in publicly traded common share values
                                                                                                                                   September 30, 2024 [1]                                                      December 31, 2023
                                                                                                          Increase                             Decrease                               Increase                            Decrease
                                                                                             20%              10%                 10%              20%                  20%               10%                 10%             20%

                                       Net earnings                                          125                 50                (50)             (125)               225                 100              (100)             (225)
                                       Equity                                                550               275                (275)             (550)               525                 250              (250)             (525)
                                       [1] The net impact of the sale of Putnam Investments and the receipt of Franklin Templeton common shares is reflected in the September 30, 2024 values in the table above.
                                           The Franklin Templeton common shares are measured at FVOCI and therefore unrealized gains and losses do not impact net earnings. The after-tax impact on equity of
                                           the Franklin Templeton common shares is approximately $70 million for every 10% change in the common share equity value.

                                       The sensitivities above reflect the immediate impacts on net earnings and equity from market movements.




                                            A  110                                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




NOTE 13 RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)




                                                                                                                                                                  PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
The following table provides information on the expected impacts of an immediate 5% or 10% increase or decrease in the
value of other non-fixed income assets on the net earnings and equity, rounded to the nearest $25 million:
Change in other non-fixed income asset values
                                                                                        September 30, 2024                                 December 31, 2023
                                                                Increase                             Decrease                   Increase             Decrease
                                                   10%                 5%                5%                10%            10%        5%     5%              10%

Net earnings                                       450               225               (225)              (475)           400       200    (200)        (425)
Equity                                             475               225               (250)              (500)           450       225    (225)        (450)

The sensitivities above reflect the immediate impacts on net earnings and equity from market movements.



IGM FINANCIAL
The risk committee of the board of IGM is responsible for assisting the board of directors of IGM in reviewing and overseeing
the risk governance structure and risk management program of IGM.
The risk management policies and procedures of IGM are discussed in the IGM section of the Corporation’s Management’s
Discussion and Analysis (Part C) for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and in Note 24 to the Corporation’s
Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended December 31, 2023 and have not changed materially since
December 31, 2023.

LIQUIDITY RISK
IGM’s liquidity profile is structured to ensure it has sufficient liquidity to satisfy current and prospective requirements in both
normal and stressed conditions. IGM’s liquidity management practices include:
 Maintaining liquid assets and lines of credit to satisfy near-term liquidity needs.
 Ensuring effective controls over liquidity management processes.
 Performing regular cash forecasts and stress testing.
 Regular assessment of capital market conditions and IGM’s ability to access bank and capital market funding.
 Ongoing efforts to diversify and expand long-term mortgage funding sources.
 Oversight of liquidity and funding risks by the financial risk management committee, a committee of finance and other IGM
   business leaders.

A key liquidity requirement for IGM is the funding of advisor network compensation paid for the distribution of financial
products and services. This compensation continues to be paid from operating cash flows.
IGM believes its cash flows from operations, available cash balances and liquidity available through its lines of credit are
sufficient to meet its liquidity needs. IGM’s liquidity position and its management of liquidity and funding risk have not
changed materially since December 31, 2023.

CREDIT RISK
IGM’s cash and cash equivalents, client funds on deposit, mortgage portfolios and derivatives are subject to credit risk. IGM
monitors its credit risk management practices on an ongoing basis to evaluate their effectiveness.
IGM’s allowance for expected credit losses was $1 million at September 30, 2024, unchanged from December 31, 2023, and
is considered adequate by IGM’s management to absorb all credit-related losses in the mortgage portfolios based on:
i) historical credit performance experience; ii) recent trends including increasing interest rates; iii) current portfolio credit
metrics and other relevant characteristics; iv) its strong financial planning relationship with its clients; and v) stress testing of
losses under adverse real estate market conditions.
IGM’s exposure to and management of credit risk related to cash and cash equivalents, client funds on deposit, mortgage
portfolios and derivatives have not changed materially since December 31, 2023.




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                            A  111
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




                                       NOTE 14 INSURANCE REVENUE




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                                                  Three months ended September 30,               Nine months ended September 30,
                                                                                                                                             2024                    2023                2024              2023

                                       Contracts not measured under the PAA
                                       Amounts relating to changes in liabilities for remaining coverage
                                        Experience adjustments                                                                                (17)                    (16)                 (48)              (77)
                                        CSM recognized for services provided                                                                 321                     299                  943               922
                                        Change in risk adjustment for non-financial risk for risk expired                                    168                     163                  474               464
                                        Expected incurred claims and other insurance service expenses                                      2,396                   2,295                7,095             6,831
                                        Recovery of insurance acquisition cash flows                                                         148                     139                  436               415
                                                                                                                                           3,016                   2,880                8,900             8,555
                                       Contracts measured under the PAA                                                                    2,276                   2,230                6,915             6,673
                                       Total insurance revenue                                                                             5,292                   5,110               15,815            15,228



                                       NOTE 15         RESTRUCTURING AND INTEGRATION EXPENSES

                                       Restructuring and integration expenses are recorded in operating and administrative expenses on the statements of earnings
                                       and include:

                                       LIFECO
                                       Canada Restructuring
                                       For the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2024, Lifeco recorded a restructuring provision of nil and
                                       $23 million, respectively, in Canada. The restructuring is related to the transitioning of some of the information technology
                                       operations functions to a managed service arrangement with an external provider. As at September 30, 2024, Lifeco has a
                                       provision of $9 million remaining in other liabilities related to this restructuring and expects to utilize a significant portion of
                                       these amounts during 2024.

                                       Empower Restructuring and Integration
                                       For the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2024, Lifeco recorded a restructuring provision of nil and
                                       $29 million, respectively, in the United States (nil and $5 million for the three months and nine months ended September 30,
                                       2023, respectively). As at September 30, 2024, Lifeco has a provision of $11 million remaining in other liabilities related to
                                       this restructuring ($7 million at December 31, 2023). Lifeco expects to pay out a significant portion of these amounts during
                                       the remaining of the year. The restructuring is primarily attributable to staff reductions and other exit costs related to Lifeco's
                                       acquisition of the retirement services businesses of Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Company and Prudential Financial,
                                       Inc. (Prudential). Lifeco does not expect to incur further restructuring and integration expenses associated with the Prudential
                                       acquisition during the year.
                                       For the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2024, Lifeco recorded integration expenses of nil and
                                       $43 million, respectively ($17 million and $66 million for the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2023,
                                       respectively).

                                       Europe Restructuring
                                       For the three months ended September 30, 2024, Lifeco recorded a restructuring provision of $23 million in Europe. As at
                                       September 30, 2024, Lifeco has a provision of $107 million remaining in other liabilities related to this restructuring
                                       ($106 million at December 31, 2023). The restructuring provisions are related to staff reductions as well as other business
                                       transformation initiatives as disclosed in the December 31, 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements.

                                       POWER SUSTAINABLE MANAGER INC.
                                       In 2024, Power Sustainable Manager Inc. realigned its strategies, which included a strategic decision to wind down its China
                                       public equity strategy and close its investment management operations in China. Power Sustainable Manager Inc. recorded
                                       a restructuring provision of nil and $14 million for the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively,
                                       a significant portion of which is expected to be paid in 2024.




                                           A  112                                       P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




NOTE 16          INCOME TAXES




                                                                                                                                                                     PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
INCOME TAX EXPENSE
The components of income tax expense (recovery) recognized in net earnings are:
                                                                                                Three months ended September 30,   Nine months ended September 30,
                                                                                                             2024          2023            2024              2023

Current taxes                                                                                                 194           104             758                609
Deferred taxes                                                                                                  (1)          94              (26)            (203)
                                                                                                              193           198             732                406


GLOBAL MINIMUM TAX
Under International Pillar Two tax reform, the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development introduced a 15%
global minimum tax (GMT) regime that has been adopted by all countries in which the Corporation and its subsidiaries have
significant operations, other than the United States. Canada enacted GMT legislation on June 20, 2024, which applies
retroactively to January 1, 2024. Other countries where the Corporation and its subsidiaries have significant operations,
including Barbados, Germany, Ireland and the United Kingdom, had previously enacted GMT legislation, also effective
January 1, 2024.
The Corporation currently expects GMT in Barbados, Ireland and Isle of Man, jurisdictions where the statutory tax rate is below
15%. For the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Corporation recognized a GMT current tax
expense of $23 million and $89 million, respectively, primarily related to Lifeco’s operations in Barbados and Ireland.
The Corporation has applied the mandatory temporary exception in IAS 12, Income Taxes, whereby it is not recognizing and
disclosing information about deferred tax assets and liabilities related to the GMT.

EFFECTIVE INCOME TAX RATE
The effective income tax rate for the Corporation for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, was 18.8%, compared with
12.2% for the nine months ended September 30, 2023.
The effective income tax rate for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 is higher than the effective income tax rate for
the same period last year primarily due to the GMT and the jurisdictional mix of earnings at Lifeco, and lower results from
jointly controlled corporations and associates that are not taxable. The GMT increased the effective income tax rate by 2.3%.
The effective income tax rates are generally lower than the Corporation’s statutory income tax rate of 26.5% due to non-
taxable investment income, lower tax in certain foreign jurisdictions and results from jointly controlled corporations and
associates that are not taxable.




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                               A  113
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




                                       NOTE 17 OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                                 Items that may be reclassified                         Items that will not be reclassified
                                                                                                                  subsequently to net earnings                                             to net earnings
                                                                                                                                                                        Actuarial gains
                                                                                                                                                                            (losses) on
                                                                                                                                 Share of jointly                              defined        Share of jointly
                                                                                                                      Foreign        controlled                                 benefit           controlled
                                                                              Investment        Cash flow            currency      corporations         Investment      pension plans           corporations
                                       Nine months ended September 30, 2024   revaluation        hedges            translation   and associates         revaluation          and other        and associates      Total

                                       Balance, beginning of year                  (206)                25             1,115                (276)                (36)             (150)               1,024      1,496
                                        Other comprehensive
                                          income (loss)                               83                 (6)             184                 178               (294)               144                    46      335
                                        Realized (gains) losses on
                                          FVOCI equity instruments
                                          transferred to retained
                                          earnings                                     –                  –                  –                  –                29                       –             (164)     (135)
                                        Other                                          –                  –                  –               (12)                   –                     –               19         7
                                       Balance, end of period                      (123)                19             1,299                (110)              (301)                 (6)                 925     1,703


                                                                                                                 Items that may be reclassified                         Items that will not be reclassified
                                                                                                                  subsequently to net earnings                                             to net earnings
                                                                                                                                                                        Actuarial gains
                                                                                                                                                                            (losses) on
                                                                                                                                 Share of jointly                              defined        Share of jointly
                                                                                                                      Foreign        controlled                                 benefit           controlled
                                                                              Investment        Cash flow            currency      corporations         Investment      pension plans           corporations
                                       Nine months ended September 30, 2023   revaluation        hedges            translation   and associates         revaluation          and other        and associates      Total

                                       Balance, beginning of year                  (421)                40             1,202                (184)                (14)               (49)              1,092      1,666
                                        Other comprehensive
                                          income (loss)                               78                25                  1                (66)                (76)               35                  (166)     (169)
                                        Realized (gains) losses on
                                          FVOCI equity instruments
                                          transferred to retained
                                          earnings                                     –                  –                  –                  –                65                       –              (50)       15
                                        Other                                         (3)                 –                 4                (58)                   –                     –               67        10
                                       Balance, end of period                      (346)                65             1,207                (308)                (25)               (14)                 943     1,522




                                            A  114                                          P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




NOTE 18 EARNINGS PER SHARE




                                                                                                                                                                                 PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
The following is a reconciliation of the numerators and the denominators used in the computations of earnings per share:
                                                                                                         Three months ended September 30,    Nine months ended September 30,
                                                                                                                    2024            2023            2024               2023

Earnings
Net earnings attributable to shareholders                                                                            384             988           1,849              1,828
Dividends on non-participating shares                                                                                 (13)           (13)            (39)                (39)
Net earnings attributable to participating shareholders                                                              371             975           1,810              1,789
Net loss attributable to participating shareholders from
 discontinued operations                                                                                                 –            22              79                 84
Net gain attributable to participating shareholders from
 disposal of discontinued operations                                                                                     –              –            (30)                  –
Net earnings attributable to participating shareholders from
 continuing operations                                                                                               371             997           1,859              1,873
Dilutive effect of subsidiaries’ outstanding stock options                                                             (2)             (2)             (6)                (3)
Effect of equity-settled method for TSARs [1]                                                                          (4)              –              (4)                 –
Net earnings adjusted for dilutive effect from continuing operations                                                 365             995           1,849              1,870


Number of participating shares [millions]
Weighted average number of participating shares outstanding – Basic                                                647.1           660.4           649.0              664.3
 Effect of potential exercise of outstanding stock options and RSUs                                                   3.7            1.4              3.3                1.1
Weighted average number of participating shares outstanding – Diluted                                              650.8           661.8           652.3              665.4


Net earnings per participating share from continuing operations
Basic                                                                                                               0.58            1.50            2.87               2.82
Diluted                                                                                                             0.56            1.50            2.84               2.81

Net earnings per participating share
Basic                                                                                                               0.58            1.47            2.79               2.69
Diluted                                                                                                             0.56            1.47            2.76               2.68
[1] Options with TSARs are accounted for as cash-settled share-based payments. As these options can be exercised in exchange for subordinate voting shares or for cash,
    they are considered potentially dilutive and are included in the calculation of the diluted net earnings per share if they have a dilutive impact in the year, and the net
    earnings used in the diluted calculation is adjusted to reflect the expense had these options been classified as equity-settled.


For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, 1.3 million stock options (1.7 million in 2023) were excluded from the
computation of diluted earnings per share as they were anti-dilutive.




                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                 A  115
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




                                       NOTE 19           FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       The Corporation’s assets and liabilities recorded at fair value have been categorized based upon the following fair value
                                       hierarchy:
                                       Level            Definition                                                                             Financial assets and liabilities
                                       Level 1          Utilize observable, unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for                      actively exchange-traded equity securities;
                                                        identical assets or liabilities that the Corporation has the ability to                 exchange-traded futures;
                                                        access.                                                                                 mutual and segregated funds which have available
                                                                                                                                                    prices in an active market with no redemption
                                                                                                                                                    restrictions;
                                                                                                                                                   open-end investment fund units and other liabilities in
                                                                                                                                                    instances where there are quoted prices available from
                                                                                                                                                    active markets.
                                       Level 2          Utilize other-than-quoted prices included in Level 1 that are                              assets and liabilities priced using a matrix which is
                                                        observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly.                       based on credit quality and average life;
                                                        Level 2 inputs include quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in                 government and agency securities;
                                                        active markets, and inputs other-than-quoted prices that are                               restricted shares;
                                                        observable for the asset or liability, such as interest rates and yield                    certain private bonds and investment funds;
                                                        curves that are observable at commonly quoted intervals.                                   most investment-grade and high-yield corporate
                                                        The fair values for some Level 2 securities were obtained from                              bonds;
                                                        a pricing service. The pricing service inputs include, but are not                         most asset-backed securities;
                                                        limited to, benchmark yields, reported trades, broker/dealer quotes,
                                                                                                                                                   most over-the-counter derivatives;
                                                        issuer spreads, two-sided markets, benchmark securities, offers and
                                                                                                                                                   most mortgage and other loans;
                                                        reference data.
                                                                                                                                                   deposits and certificates;
                                                                                                                                                   most debentures and other debt instruments;
                                                                                                                                                   most of the investment contracts that are measured at
                                                                                                                                                    FVPL;
                                                                                                                                                   certain limited-life and redeemable fund units.
                                       Level 3          Utilize one or more significant inputs that are not based on observable                    certain bonds;
                                                        market inputs and include situations where there is little, if any, market                 certain asset-backed securities;
                                                        activity for the asset or liability.                                                       certain private equities;
                                                        The values of the majority of Level 3 securities were obtained from                        certain investments in jointly controlled corporations
                                                        single-broker quotes, internal pricing models, external appraisers or                       and associates;
                                                        by discounting projected cash flows.                                                       certain mortgage and other loans, including
                                                                                                                                                    equity-release mortgages;
                                                                                                                                                   investments in mutual and segregated funds where
                                                                                                                                                    there are redemption restrictions;
                                                                                                                                                   certain over-the-counter derivatives;
                                                                                                                                                   investment properties;
                                                                                                                                                   obligations to securitization entities;
                                                                                                                                                   certain other debt instruments;
                                                                                                                                                   most of the limited-life and redeemable fund units.




                                               A  116                                          P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




NOTE 19 FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT (continued)




                                                                                                                                                                            PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
The Corporation’s assets and liabilities recorded at fair value, including their levels in the fair value hierarchy using the
valuation methods and assumptions described in the summary of material accounting policies of the Corporation’s
December 31, 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements and above, are presented below. Fair values represent management’s
estimates and are generally calculated using market information at a specific point in time and may not reflect future fair
values. The calculations are subjective in nature, and involve uncertainties and matters of significant judgment.
                                                                                                                                                                    Total
September 30, 2024                                                                                                       Level 1     Level 2   Level 3         fair value

Assets
Bonds
  FVPL                                                                                                                          –   149,638      177          149,815
  FVOCI                                                                                                                         –    12,199          –          12,199
Mortgage and other loans
  FVPL                                                                                                                          –    29,353     4,998           34,351
  FVOCI                                                                                                                         –      580         19               599
Shares
  FVPL                                                                                                                  11,697         232      6,234           18,163
  FVOCI                                                                                                                     885            –         –              885
Investments in jointly controlled corporations and associates [1]                                                               –          –     935                935
Investment properties                                                                                                           –          –    8,108            8,108
Derivative instruments                                                                                                          1     2,039         9            2,049
Other assets                                                                                                                242       3,406      103             3,751
                                                                                                                        12,825      197,447    20,583         230,855


Liabilities
Investment contract liabilities                                                                                                 –    87,631          –          87,631
Derivative instruments                                                                                                          6     1,569        12            1,587
Limited-life and redeemable fund units                                                                                          –        19     2,385            2,404
Other liabilities                                                                                                               –      204         43               247
                                                                                                                                6    89,423     2,440           91,869
[1] Represents investments in jointly controlled corporations and associates held by entities that meet the definition of a venture capital organization, which have been
    elected to be measured at FVPL.




                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                             A  117
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




                                       NOTE 19 FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT (continued)




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Total
                                       December 31, 2023                                                                                                      Level 1               Level 2       Level 3   fair value

                                       Assets
                                       Bonds
                                         FVPL                                                                                                                        –           144,961            252     145,213
                                         FVOCI                                                                                                                       –             11,750               –    11,750
                                       Mortgage and other loans
                                         FVPL                                                                                                                        –             29,211          4,248     33,459
                                         FVOCI                                                                                                                       –                 578              –        578
                                       Shares
                                         FVPL                                                                                                                10,994                    218         4,965     16,177
                                         FVOCI                                                                                                                   411                      –             –        411
                                       Investments in jointly controlled corporations and associates [1]                                                             –                    –         832          832
                                       Investment properties                                                                                                         –                    –        7,870      7,870
                                       Derivative instruments                                                                                                       6               2,327             16      2,349
                                       Assets held for sale [2]                                                                                                  239                1,006           907       2,152
                                       Other assets                                                                                                              242                3,239             19      3,500
                                                                                                                                                             11,892              193,290          19,109    224,291


                                       Liabilities
                                       Investment contract liabilities                                                                                               –             88,919               –    88,919
                                       Derivative instruments                                                                                                       5               1,338              8      1,351
                                       Limited-life and redeemable fund units                                                                                       3                   15         1,815      1,833
                                       Other liabilities                                                                                                             –                 443            83         526
                                                                                                                                                                    8              90,715          1,906     92,629
                                       [1] Represents investments in jointly controlled corporations and associates held by entities that meet the definition of a venture capital organization, which have been
                                           elected to be measured at FVPL.
                                       [2] Assets held for sale measured at fair value includes shares of $46 million and trading account assets of $2,106 million.


                                       There were no significant transfers between Level 1 and Level 2 in these periods.




                                             A  118                                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




NOTE 19 FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT (continued)




                                                                                                                                                                                                PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
Additional information about assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis for which the Corporation and
its subsidiaries have utilized Level 3 inputs to determine fair value is presented below.
                                                                             Shares and investments
                                                                                 in jointly controlled
                                                             Mortgage              corporations and                                     Limited-life
                                                                                                                                               and      Assets         Other
                                       Bonds            and other loans                     associates
For the nine months ended                                                                                 Investment Derivatives,      redeemable      held for        assets
September 30, 2024                      FVPL          FVPL         FVOCI          FVPL     [1]
                                                                                                 FVOCI     properties         net        fund units       sale    (liabilities)        Total

Balance, beginning of year               252         4,248               –       5,797               –         7,870              8          (1,815)      907             (64)    17,203
  Total gains (losses)
    Net earnings                           (4)         297               –         443               –           (112)           (7)            (81)         –             40          576
    Other comprehensive
     income [2]                             –          169               –           40              –            178             –             (20)         –             23          390
  Business acquisition                      –             –              –             –             –               –            –            (108)         –             61           (47)
  Purchases                               21              –              –       1,247               –            287            (2)              –          –               –     1,553
  Sale of discontinued
    operations                              –             –              –             –             –               –            –               –       (907)              –         (907)
  Issues                                    –          460             19              –             –               –            –            (430)         –               –           49
  Sales                                   (21)            –              –         (372)             –           (106)            –               –          –               –         (499)
  Settlements                               –         (156)              –             –             –               –           (2)             69          –               –          (89)
  Transfers out of Level 3                (71)            –              –            (3)            –               –            –               –          –               –          (74)
  Other                                     –           (20)             –           17              –              (9)           –               –          –               –          (12)
Balance, end of period                   177         4,998             19        7,169               –         8,108             (3)         (2,385)         –             60     18,143

[1] Includes investments in mutual and segregated funds where there are redemption restrictions. The fair value is based on observable, quoted prices.
[2] Amount of other comprehensive income for FVPL investments, investment properties, limited-life and redeemable fund units, and other assets and liabilities represents
    the unrealized gains (losses) on foreign exchange.



                                                                             Shares and investments
                                                                                 in jointly controlled
                                                             Mortgage              corporations and                                     Limited-life
                                                                                                                                               and      Assets         Other
                                       Bonds            and other loans                     associates
For the year ended                                                                                        Investment Derivatives,      redeemable      held for        assets
December 31, 2023                       FVPL          FVPL         FVOCI          FVPL [1]       FVOCI     properties         net        fund units       sale    (liabilities)        Total

Balance, beginning of year               195         3,476              –        4,692               2         8,344             23         (1,577)          –           840      15,995
  Total gains (losses)
    Net earnings                            6          354              –          306               –           (507)           (3)          (190)         25               7            (2)
    Other comprehensive
     income [2]                             –           52              –           (30)           18              53             –               2        (14)               –          81
  Purchases                               68              –             –        1,445               –           191             (3)              –         12             24      1,737
  Issues                                    –          578              –              –             –               –            –           (472)          –                –         106
  Sales                                  (17)             –             –         (690)            (20)          (211)            –               –        (67)             (2)    (1,007)
  Settlements                               –         (150)             –              –             –               –           (9)           168           –                –           9
  Other [3]                                 –           (62)            –            74              –               –            –            254        951            (933)          284
Balance, end of year                     252         4,248              –        5,797               –         7,870             8          (1,815)       907             (64)    17,203

[1] Includes investments in mutual and segregated funds where there are redemption restrictions. The fair value is based on observable, quoted prices.
[2] Amount of other comprehensive income for FVPL investments, investment properties, limited-life and redeemable fund units, and other assets and liabilities represents
    the unrealized gains (losses) on foreign exchange.
[3] Includes amounts reclassified to assets held for sale as a result of the agreement to sell Putnam Investments (Note 3).

Transfers into Level 3 are due primarily to decreased observability of inputs in valuation methodologies or the placement of
redemption restrictions on investments in mutual and segregated funds. Transfers out of Level 3 are due primarily to
increased observability of inputs in valuation methodologies as evidenced by corroboration of market prices with multiple
pricing vendors or the lifting of redemption restrictions on investments in mutual and segregated funds.




                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                                A  119
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




                                       NOTE 19 FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT (continued)




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       Significant unobservable inputs used at period-end in measuring assets categorized as Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy are
                                       presented below.
                                                                                                                                                                                 Interrelationship between key
                                                                                                        Significant                                                              unobservable inputs and fair value
                                       Type of asset            Valuation approach                      unobservable input                Input value                            measurement
                                       Investment properties    Investment property valuations     Discount rate                          Range of 4.2% – 12.4%                  A decrease in the discount
                                                                are generally determined using                                                                                   rate would result in an
                                                                property valuation models based                                                                                  increase in fair value.
                                                                on expected capitalization rates                                                                                 An increase in the discount
                                                                and models that discount                                                                                         rate would result in a
                                                                expected future net cash flows.                                                                                  decrease in fair value.
                                                                The determination of the fair      Reversionary rate                      Range of 4.3% – 8.0%                   A decrease in the
                                                                value of investment property                                                                                     reversionary rate would
                                                                requires the use of estimates such                                                                               result in an increase in fair
                                                                as future cash flows (such as                                                                                    value.
                                                                future leasing assumptions,
                                                                                                                                                                                 An increase in the
                                                                rental rates, capital and
                                                                                                                                                                                 reversionary rate would
                                                                operating expenditures) and
                                                                                                                                                                                 result in a decrease in fair
                                                                discount, reversionary and
                                                                                                                                                                                 value.
                                                                overall capitalization rates
                                                                applicable to the asset based      Vacancy rate                           Weighted average of                    A decrease in the expected
                                                                on current market rates.                                                  5.1%                                   vacancy rate would
                                                                                                                                                                                 generally result in an
                                                                                                                                                                                 increase in fair value.
                                                                                                                                                                                 An increase in the expected
                                                                                                                                                                                 vacancy rate would
                                                                                                                                                                                 generally result in
                                                                                                                                                                                 a decrease in fair value.
                                       Mortgage and             The valuation approach for          Discount rate                         Range of 4.4% – 6.1%                   A decrease in the discount
                                       other loans – equity-    equity-release mortgages is to                                                                                   rate would result in an
                                       release mortgages        use an internal valuation model to                                                                               increase in fair value.
                                       (FVPL)                   determine the projected asset                                                                                    An increase in the discount
                                                                cash flows, including the cost of                                                                                rate would result in a
                                                                the no-negative-equity guarantee                                                                                 decrease in fair value.
                                                                for each individual loan, to
                                                                aggregate these across all loans
                                                                and to discount those cash flows
                                                                back to the valuation date. The
                                                                projection is done monthly until
                                                                expected redemption of the loan
                                                                either voluntarily or on the
                                                                death/entering into long-term
                                                                care of the loanholders.
                                       Shares and               The determination of the fair       Discount rate                         Various                                A decrease in the discount
                                       investments in jointly   value of shares requires the use of                                                                              rate would result in an
                                       controlled               estimates such as future cash                                                                                    increase in fair value.
                                       corporations and         flows, discount rates, projected                                                                                 An increase in the discount
                                       associates (FVPL)        earnings multiples, or recent                                                                                    rate would result in a
                                                                transactions.                                                                                                    decrease in fair value.
                                       Limited-life and         The determination of the fair       Discount rate                         Various                                A decrease in the discount
                                       redeemable fund units    value of the limited-life and                                                                                    rate would result in an
                                                                redeemable fund units is based                                                                                   increase in fair value.
                                                                on the fair value of the underlying                                                                              An increase in the discount
                                                                fund’s investments.                                                                                              rate would result in a
                                                                                                                                                                                 decrease in fair value.




                                            A  120                                     P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




NOTE 20 SEGMENTED INFORMATION




                                                                                                                                   PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
The Corporation is an international management and holding company. Its core holdings are leading insurance, retirement,
wealth management and investment businesses, including a portfolio of alternative asset investment platforms.
As a holding company, the Corporation evaluates the performance of each operating segment based on its contribution to
the earnings attributable to participating shareholders. The contribution to the earnings attributable to participating
shareholders from Lifeco, IGM Financial, GBL, Sagard, Power Sustainable and other, represents the Corporation’s share of
their net earnings.
The Corporation’s reportable segments include Lifeco and IGM Financial due to their quantitative contribution, and the
Corporation also considers GBL as a reportable segment. Together, they represent the Corporation’s investments in publicly
traded operating companies. As well, the Corporation considers the Holding company to be a reportable segment.
 Lifeco is a financial services holding company with interests in life insurance, health insurance, retirement and investment
   services, asset management, and reinsurance businesses, primarily in Canada, the United States and Europe.
 IGM Financial is a leading wealth and asset management company supporting advisors and the clients they serve in
   Canada, and institutional investors globally.
 GBL is indirectly held through Parjointco. GBL is a Belgian investment holding company and leading investor in Europe. Its
   portfolio is comprised of a portfolio of listed, private and alternative investments composed of global companies, which
   are leaders in their sectors.
 Holding company comprises the corporate activities of the Corporation and Power Financial, on a combined basis, and
   presents the investment activities of the Corporation including its investments in consolidated entities. The Holding
   company activities present the Holding company’s assets and liabilities, including cash, investments, debentures and non-
   participating shares. The Holding company cash flows are primarily comprised of dividends received, income from
   investments and income (loss) from cash and cash equivalents, less operating expenses, financing charges, income taxes
   and non-participating and participating share dividends.
The Corporation’s asset management activities through the investment platforms, Sagard and Power Sustainable, together
with their investing activities, are presented on a combined basis in another category, Alternative asset investment platforms
and other, as they do not qualify as reportable segments.
Alternative asset investment platforms and other are comprised of the results of:
    Alternative asset management businesses, Sagard and Power Sustainable;
    Investments managed by Sagard and Power Sustainable on behalf of the Corporation;
    Entities held through the alternative asset managers which are consolidated; and
    Standalone businesses representing a subsidiary, a jointly controlled corporation and an associate which are managed
     to realize value over time.
Effect of consolidation represents the reconciliation between the measurement basis used for the presentation of the Holding
company with the consolidated financial statements, as well as the intersegment elimination for investments under common
control and other consolidation entries.
The segmented assets present the activities of the holding company, including its investments in consolidated entities, Lifeco
and IGM, as well as other controlled entities, using the equity method of accounting as a measurement basis. These entities
are consolidated in the Corporation’s consolidated balance sheets. Common equity interests in Lifeco, IGM, and alternative
asset investment platforms and other (intersegment investments) are included in their respective segment’s assets.




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4   A  121
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




                                       NOTE 20 SEGMENTED INFORMATION (continued)




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       CONSOLIDATED NET EARNINGS
                                                                                                                                                                                      Alternative
                                                                                                                                                                                            asset
                                                                                                                                                                                      investment
                                                                                                                                                                      Holding      platforms and             Effect of
                                       Three months ended September 30, 2024                                      Lifeco              IGM               GBL          company                other       consolidation       Total

                                       Segment revenue
                                       Insurance revenue [1]                                                      5,292                   –                 –                 –                    –                –     5,292
                                       Net investment income [2]                                                  2,241                  7                  –                 7               99                  11      2,365
                                       Changes in fair value through profit or loss [2]                           6,906                  2                  –                (2)              54                  (16)    6,944
                                       Fee income [3][4]                                                          1,806               870                   –                 –              121                  (58)    2,739
                                       Other [3]                                                                       –                  –                 –                 –              200                    –       200
                                       Total segment revenue                                                    16,245                879                   –                 5              474                  (63)   17,540

                                       Other insurance and investment results
                                       Insurance service expenses [1]                                           (4,099)                   –                 –                 –                    –                –     (4,099)
                                       Net expense from reinsurance contracts [1]                                  (413)                  –                 –                 –                    –                –      (413)
                                       Net investment result from insurance activities [2][5]                   (8,757)                   –                 –                 –                    –                –     (8,757)
                                       Net investment result from insurance contracts on
                                         account of segregated fund policyholders                                      –                  –                 –                 –                    –                –           –
                                       Total other insurance and investment results                            (13,269)                   –                 –                 –                    –                –    (13,269)

                                       Other expenses
                                       Operating and administrative expenses [4]                                  1,865               592                   –               38               718                  (58)    3,155
                                       Financing charges                                                             98                33                   –               14                55                    2       202
                                       Total other expenses                                                       1,963               625                   –               52               773                  (56)    3,357
                                       Earnings before investments in jointly controlled
                                         corporations and associates, and income taxes                            1,013               254                   –              (47)             (299)                  (7)      914
                                       Share of earnings (losses) of investments in
                                         jointly controlled corporations and associates                                8               57                (62)                 –                   6               (31)       (22)
                                       Earnings before income taxes                                               1,021               311                (62)              (47)             (293)                 (38)      892
                                       Income taxes                                                                  131               71                   –                 –                   (5)              (4)      193
                                       Net earnings from continuing operations                                       890              240                (62)              (47)             (288)                 (34)      699
                                       Net loss from discontinued operations                                           –                  –                 –                 –                    –                –           –
                                       Net gain from disposal of discontinued operations                               –                  –                 –                 –                    –                –           –
                                       Net earnings                                                                  890              240                (62)              (47)             (288)                 (34)      699

                                       Attributable to
                                        Non-controlling interests                                                    323              107                   –               35              (116)                 (34)      315
                                        Non-participating shareholders                                                 –                  –                 –               13                     –                –         13
                                        Participating shareholders [6][7]                                            567              133                (62)              (95)             (172)                   –       371
                                                                                                                     890              240                (62)              (47)             (288)                 (34)      699
                                       [1] Included within insurance service result in the statements of earnings.

                                       [2] Included within net investment result in the statements of earnings.
                                       [3] Included within fee income and other revenues in the statements of earnings.
                                       [4] Dealer compensation expenses at IGM are included in operating and administrative expenses.

                                       [5] Includes net finance income (expenses) from insurance contracts, net finance income (expenses) from reinsurance contracts and changes in investment contract liabilities.
                                       [6] The contribution from Lifeco, IGM, GBL and alternative asset investment platforms and other to net earnings attributable to participating shareholders of the Corporation
                                           includes the effect of consolidation.
                                       [7] The contribution from Lifeco and IGM includes an allocation for the results of investments under common control based on their respective interests.




                                             A  122                                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




NOTE 20 SEGMENTED INFORMATION (continued)




                                                                                                                                                                                               PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
CONSOLIDATED NET EARNINGS
                                                                                                                                               Alternative
                                                                                                                                                     asset
                                                                                                                                               investment
                                                                                                                                  Holding   platforms and         Effect of
Three months ended September 30, 2023                                         Lifeco              IGM               GBL          company             other   consolidation             Total

Segment revenue
Insurance revenue [1]                                                        5,110                   –                 –                –               –                –         5,110
Net investment income [2]                                                    2,271                   9                 –              21              77               13          2,391
Changes in fair value through profit or loss [2]                            (5,457)                  –                 –              11              42               (10)       (5,414)
Fee income [3][4]                                                            1,450               881                   –                –             73               (29)        2,375
Other [3]                                                                          –                 –                 –                –            194                 –             194
Total segment revenue                                                        3,374               890                   –              32             386               (26)        4,656

Other insurance and investment results
Insurance service expenses [1]                                              (3,921)                  –                 –                –               –                –        (3,921)
Net expense from reinsurance contracts [1]                                     (401)                 –                 –                –               –                –          (401)
Net investment result from insurance activities [2][5]                       3,836                   –                 –                –               –                –         3,836
Net investment result from insurance contracts on
  account of segregated fund policyholders                                         –                 –                 –                –               –                –                 –
Total other insurance and investment results                                   (486)                 –                 –                –               –                –          (486)

Other expenses
Operating and administrative expenses [4]                                    1,660               617                   –              50             347               (20)        2,654
Financing charges                                                              103                 41                  –              14              42                 2             202
Total other expenses                                                         1,763               658                   –              64             389               (18)        2,856
Earnings before investments in jointly controlled
  corporations and associates, and income taxes                              1,125               232                   –             (32)              (3)              (8)        1,314
Share of earnings (losses) of investments in
  jointly controlled corporations and associates                                   –               38               315                 –              (9)             (17)            327
Earnings before income taxes                                                 1,125               270                315              (32)             (12)             (25)        1,641
Income taxes                                                                   137                 60                  –               1                3               (3)            198
Net earnings from continuing operations                                        988               210                315              (33)             (15)             (22)        1,443
Net loss from discontinued operations                                           (31)                 –                 –                –               –                –              (31)
Net earnings                                                                   957               210                315              (33)             (15)             (22)        1,412

Attributable to
 Non-controlling interests                                                     345                 73                  –              34               (6)             (22)            424
 Non-participating shareholders                                                    –                 –                 –              13                –                –               13
 Participating shareholders [6][7]                                             612               137                315              (80)              (9)               –             975
                                                                               957               210                315              (33)             (15)             (22)        1,412
[1] Included within insurance service result in the statements of earnings.

[2] Included within net investment result in the statements of earnings.
[3] Included within fee income and other revenues in the statements of earnings.
[4] Dealer compensation expenses at IGM are included in operating and administrative expenses.
[5] Includes net finance income (expenses) from insurance contracts, net finance income (expenses) from reinsurance contracts and changes in investment contract liabilities.
[6] The contribution from Lifeco, IGM, GBL and alternative asset investment platforms and other to net earnings attributable to participating shareholders of the Corporation
    includes the effect of consolidation.
[7] The contribution from Lifeco and IGM includes an allocation for the results of investments under common control based on their respective interests.




                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                                A  123
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




                                       NOTE 20 SEGMENTED INFORMATION (continued)




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       CONSOLIDATED NET EARNINGS
                                                                                                                                                                                     Alternative
                                                                                                                                                                                           asset
                                                                                                                                                                                     investment
                                                                                                                                                                      Holding     platforms and            Effect of
                                       Nine months ended September 30, 2024                                       Lifeco              IGM               GBL          company               other      consolidation       Total

                                       Segment revenue
                                       Insurance revenue [1]                                                    15,815                    –                 –                 –                   –               –    15,815
                                       Net investment income [2]                                                  6,962                28                   –               40               369                30      7,429
                                       Changes in fair value through profit or loss [2]                           4,657                  7                  –                 7              128                (36)    4,763
                                       Fee income [3][4]                                                          5,272            2,530                    –                 –              387              (144)     8,045
                                       Other [3]                                                                       –                  –                 –                 –              558                  –       558
                                       Total segment revenue                                                    32,706             2,565                    –               47            1,442               (150)    36,610

                                       Other insurance and investment results
                                       Insurance service expenses [1]                                          (12,223)                   –                 –                 –                   –               –    (12,223)
                                       Net expense from reinsurance contracts [1]                               (1,184)                   –                 –                 –                   –               –     (1,184)
                                       Net investment result from insurance activities [2][5]                   (9,848)                   –                 –                 –                   –               –     (9,848)
                                       Net investment result from insurance contracts on
                                         account of segregated fund policyholders                                      –                  –                 –                 –                   –               –           –
                                       Total other insurance and investment results                            (23,255)                   –                 –                 –                   –               –    (23,255)

                                       Other expenses
                                       Operating and administrative expenses [4]                                  5,595            1,744                    –             126             1,631               (134)     8,962
                                       Financing charges                                                             299               97                   –               41               160                  8       605
                                       Total other expenses                                                       5,894            1,841                    –             167             1,791               (126)     9,567
                                       Earnings before investments in jointly controlled
                                         corporations and associates, and income taxes                            3,557               724                   –             (120)             (349)               (24)    3,788
                                       Share of earnings (losses) of investments in
                                         jointly controlled corporations and associates                              36               160                 13                  –               14              (108)       115
                                       Earnings before income taxes                                               3,593               884                 13              (120)             (335)             (132)     3,903
                                       Income taxes                                                                  529              202                   –                 –               (12)              13        732
                                       Net earnings from continuing operations                                    3,064               682                 13              (120)             (323)             (145)     3,171
                                       Net loss from discontinued operations                                       (115)                  –                 –                 –                   –               –      (115)
                                       Net gain from disposal of discontinued operations                             44                   –                 –                 –                   –               –         44
                                       Net earnings                                                               2,993               682                 13              (120)             (323)             (145)     3,100

                                       Attributable to
                                        Non-controlling interests                                                 1,115               280                   –             105               (104)             (145)     1,251
                                        Non-participating shareholders                                                 –                  –                 –               39                    –               –         39
                                        Participating shareholders [6][7]                                         1,878               402                 13              (264)             (219)                 –     1,810
                                                                                                                  2,993               682                 13              (120)             (323)             (145)     3,100
                                       [1] Included within insurance service result in the statements of earnings.

                                       [2] Included within net investment result in the statements of earnings.
                                       [3] Included within fee income and other revenues in the statements of earnings.
                                       [4] Dealer compensation expenses at IGM are included in operating and administrative expenses.

                                       [5] Includes net finance income (expenses) from insurance contracts, net finance income (expenses) from reinsurance contracts and changes in investment contract liabilities.
                                       [6] The contribution from Lifeco, IGM, GBL and alternative asset investment platforms and other to net earnings attributable to participating shareholders of the Corporation
                                           includes the effect of consolidation.
                                       [7] The contribution from Lifeco and IGM includes an allocation for the results of investments under common control based on their respective interests.




                                             A  124                                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




NOTE 20 SEGMENTED INFORMATION (continued)




                                                                                                                                                                                               PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
CONSOLIDATED NET EARNINGS
                                                                                                                                               Alternative
                                                                                                                                                     asset
                                                                                                                                               investment
                                                                                                                                  Holding   platforms and         Effect of
Nine months ended September 30, 2023                                          Lifeco              IGM               GBL          company             other   consolidation             Total

Segment revenue
Insurance revenue [1]                                                      15,228                    –                 –                –               –                –        15,228
Net investment income [2]                                                    6,418               204                   –              33             185             (145)         6,695
Changes in fair value through profit or loss [2]                            (4,553)                 (1)                –              25             112               (17)       (4,434)
Fee income [3][4]                                                            4,316             2,595                   –                –            213               (80)        7,044
Other [3]                                                                          –                 –                 –                –            522                 –             522
Total segment revenue                                                      21,409              2,798                   –              58           1,032             (242)        25,055

Other insurance and investment results
Insurance service expenses [1]                                             (11,879)                  –                 –                –               –                –       (11,879)
Net expense from reinsurance contracts [1]                                  (1,158)                  –                 –                –               –                –        (1,158)
Net investment result from insurance activities [2][5]                         (612)                 –                 –                –               –                –          (612)
Net investment result from insurance contracts on
  account of segregated fund policyholders                                         –                 –                 –                –               –                –                 –
Total other insurance and investment results                               (13,649)                  –                 –                –               –                –       (13,649)

Other expenses
Operating and administrative expenses [4]                                    4,992             1,953                   –             147           1,081               (57)        8,116
Financing charges                                                              322               102                   –              41             108                 6             579
Total other expenses                                                         5,314             2,055                   –             188           1,189               (51)        8,695
Earnings before investments in jointly controlled
  corporations and associates, and income taxes                              2,446               743                   –            (130)           (157)            (191)         2,711
Share of earnings (losses) of investments in
  jointly controlled corporations and associates                                 15              149                424               99              12               (91)            608
Earnings before income taxes                                                 2,461               892                424              (31)           (145)            (282)         3,319
Income taxes                                                                   223               161                   –              42               (5)             (15)            406
Net earnings from continuing operations                                      2,238               731                424              (73)           (140)            (267)         2,913
Net loss from discontinued operations                                          (121)                 –                 –                –               –                –          (121)
Net earnings                                                                 2,117               731                424              (73)           (140)            (267)         2,792

Attributable to
 Non-controlling interests                                                     783               394                   –             103              (49)           (267)             964
 Non-participating shareholders                                                    –                 –                 –              39                –                –               39
 Participating shareholders [6][7]                                           1,334               337                424             (215)             (91)               –         1,789
                                                                             2,117               731                424              (73)           (140)            (267)         2,792
[1] Included within insurance service result in the statements of earnings.

[2] Included within net investment result in the statements of earnings.
[3] Included within fee income and other revenues in the statements of earnings.
[4] Dealer compensation expenses at IGM are included in operating and administrative expenses.
[5] Includes net finance income (expenses) from insurance contracts, net finance income (expenses) from reinsurance contracts and changes in investment contract liabilities.
[6] The contribution from Lifeco, IGM, GBL and alternative asset investment platforms and other to net earnings attributable to participating shareholders of the Corporation
    includes the effect of consolidation.
[7] The contribution from Lifeco and IGM includes an allocation for the results of investments under common control based on their respective interests.




                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                                A  125
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




                                       NOTE 20 SEGMENTED INFORMATION (continued)




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       TOTAL ASSETS AND LIABILITIES
                                                                                                                                                                                   Alternative
                                                                                                                                                                                         asset
                                                                                                                                                                                   investment
                                                                                                                                                                    Holding     platforms and            Effect of
                                       September 30, 2024                                                       Lifeco              IGM               GBL          company               other      consolidation       Total

                                       Cash and cash equivalents                                               8,887                640                   –           1,356                662              (317)     11,228
                                       Investments                                                          226,720               5,534                   –              131            1,915                209     234,509
                                       Investments in Lifeco, IGM and alternative asset
                                         investment platforms and other                                           974             1,941                   –          22,057                     –        (24,972)           –
                                       Investments in jointly controlled corporations
                                         and associates                                                           471             3,178             3,829                   –           1,399               (412)      8,465
                                       Other assets                                                           44,861              3,932                   –              319           16,115               (152)     65,075
                                       Goodwill and intangible assets                                         16,152              3,918                   –                 1           1,338                   1     21,410
                                       Investments on account of
                                         segregated fund policyholders                                      481,856                     –                 –                 –                   –               –    481,856
                                       Total assets [1]                                                     779,921             19,143              3,829            23,864            21,429            (25,643)    822,543

                                       Insurance and investment contract liabilities                        240,980                     –                 –                 –                   –               –    240,980
                                       Obligation to securitization entities                                         –            4,839                   –                 –                   –               –      4,839
                                       Power Corporation’s debentures and
                                         other debt instruments                                                      –                  –                 –              647                    –               –       647
                                       Non-recourse debentures and
                                         other debt instruments                                                9,112              2,400                   –              250            3,180                 (88)    14,854
                                       Other liabilities                                                      16,482              4,307                   –           1,039            15,662               (631)     36,859
                                       Insurance and investment contracts on account
                                         of segregated fund policyholders                                   481,856                     –                 –                 –                   –               –    481,856
                                       Total liabilities                                                    748,430             11,546                    –           1,936            18,842               (719)    780,035


                                                                                                                                                                                   Alternative
                                                                                                                                                                                         asset
                                                                                                                                                                                   investment
                                                                                                                                                                    Holding     platforms and            Effect of
                                       December 31, 2023                                                        Lifeco              IGM               GBL          company               other      consolidation       Total

                                       Cash and cash equivalents                                               7,742                545                   –           1,218                639              (207)      9,937
                                       Investments                                                          217,868               5,260                   –              107            2,017                110     225,362
                                       Investments in Lifeco, IGM and alternative asset
                                         investment platforms and other                                           833             1,301                   –          21,527                     –        (23,661)           –
                                       Investments in jointly controlled corporations
                                         and associates                                                           367             3,070             3,717                   3           1,392               (397)      8,152
                                       Assets held for sale                                                    4,467                    –                 –                 –                   –               –      4,467
                                       Other assets                                                           43,264              4,599                   –              282            9,439               (300)     57,284
                                       Goodwill and intangible assets                                         15,928              3,901                   –                 2           1,490                  (1)    21,320
                                       Investments on account of
                                         segregated fund policyholders                                      422,956                     –                 –                 –                   –               –    422,956
                                       Total assets [1]                                                     713,425             18,676              3,717            23,139            14,977            (24,456)    749,478

                                       Insurance and investment contract liabilities                        233,307                     –                 –                 –                   –               –    233,307
                                       Liabilities held for sale                                               2,407                    –                 –                 –                   –               –      2,407
                                       Obligation to securitization entities                                         –            4,688                   –                 –                   –               –      4,688
                                       Power Corporation’s debentures and
                                         other debt instruments                                                      –                  –                 –              647                    –               –       647
                                       Non-recourse debentures and
                                         other debt instruments                                                9,046              2,400                   –              250            3,017                 (88)    14,625
                                       Other liabilities                                                      15,663              4,855                   –              986            8,509               (430)     29,583
                                       Insurance and investment contracts on account
                                         of segregated fund policyholders                                   422,956                     –                 –                 –                   –               –    422,956
                                       Total liabilities                                                    683,379             11,943                    –           1,883            11,526               (518)    708,213
                                       [1] Total assets of the Lifeco and IGM operating segments include the allocation of goodwill and certain consolidation adjustments.




                                             A  126                                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




NOTE 20 SEGMENTED INFORMATION (continued)




                                                                                                                                                                                              PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
                                                                                                                                                Alternative
                                                                                                                                                      asset
                                                                                                                                                investment
                                                                                                                                   Holding   platforms and         Effect of
Nine months ended September 30, 2024                                                             Lifeco              IGM          company             other   consolidation          Total

Operating activities                                                                            2,751                794            1,284            (113)          (1,255)         3,461
Financing activities                                                                            (1,770)             (332)          (1,459)            405            1,464         (1,692)
Investing activities                                                                              (403)             (367)             313            (275)            (319)        (1,051)
Effect of changes in exchange rates on
  cash and cash equivalents                                                                        192                  –                –               6                –             198
Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                                                   770                95              138              23             (110)             916
Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year                                                    8,117                545            1,218             639             (207)        10,312
Cash and cash equivalents, end of period                                                        8,887                640            1,356             662             (317)        11,228


                                                                                                                                                Alternative
                                                                                                                                                      asset
                                                                                                                                                investment
                                                                                                                                   Holding   platforms and         Effect of
Nine months ended September 30, 2023 [1]                                                         Lifeco              IGM          company             other   consolidation          Total

Operating activities                                                                            3,085                609            1,116              11           (1,102)         3,719
Financing activities                                                                            (2,952)              494           (1,478)          1,234            1,079         (1,623)
Investing activities                                                                              (131)           (1,619)             560          (1,005)              77         (2,118)
Effect of changes in exchange rates on
  cash and cash equivalents                                                                         34                  –                –               1               (2)            33
Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                                                    36              (516)             198             241               52              11
Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year                                                    7,290             1,073             1,277             493             (285)         9,848
Cash and cash equivalents from continuing and
  discontinued operations, end of period                                                        7,326                557            1,475             734             (233)         9,859
Less: Cash and cash equivalents from
  discontinued operations, end of period                                                          (348)                 –                –               –                –          (348)
Cash and cash equivalents from continuing operations,
  end of period                                                                                 6,978                557            1,475             734             (233)         9,511
[1] The Corporation has reclassified certain comparative figures to conform to the current period’s presentation. These classifications had no impact on the equity or net earnings
    of the Corporation.




                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                                A  127
Page intentionally left blank.




     A  128                      P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
                        Great-West Lifeco Inc.
                                                   PART B




Management’s Discussion and Analysis
PAGE B 2



Financial Statements and Notes
PAGE B 48




                                                                                                     PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
Please note that the bottom of each page in Part B contains two different page
numbers. A page number with the preﬁx “B” refers to the number of such page
in this document and the page number without any preﬁx refers to the number
of such page in the original document issued by Great-West Lifeco Inc.



The attached documents concerning Great-West Lifeco Inc. are documents
prepared and publicly disclosed by such subsidiary, and are available under
such subsidiary’s profile on SEDAR+, at www.sedarplus.ca. Certain statements
in the attached documents, other than statements of historical fact, are forward-
looking statements based on certain assumptions and reﬂect the current
expectations of the subsidiary as set forth therein. Forward-looking statements
are provided for the purposes of assisting the reader in understanding the
subsidiary’s ﬁnancial performance, ﬁnancial position and cash ﬂows as at and
for the periods ended on certain dates and to present information about the
subsidiary’s management’s current expectations and plans relating to the
future and the reader is cautioned that such statements may not be appropriate
for other purposes.

By its nature, forward-looking information is subject to inherent risks and
uncertainties that may be general or speciﬁc and which give rise to the possibility
that expectations, forecasts, predictions, projections or conclusions will not
prove to be accurate, that assumptions may not be correct and that objectives,
strategic goals and priorities will not be achieved.

For further information provided by the subsidiary as to the material factors that
could cause actual results to differ materially from the content of forward-looking
statements, the material factors and assumptions that were applied in making
the forward-looking statements, and the subsidiary’s policy for updating the
content of forward-looking statements, please see the attached documents,
including the section entitled Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking
Information. The reader is cautioned to consider these factors and assumptions
carefully and not to put undue reliance on forward-looking statements.




P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4   B  1
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis



                                                                        MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

                                                                        FOR THE PERIOD ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024

                                                                                   DATED: NOVEMBER 6, 2024
                                  This Management’s Discussion and Analysis (MD&A) presents management’s view of the financial condition, financial
                                  performance and cash flows of Great-West Lifeco Inc. (Lifeco or the Company) for the three and nine months ended
                                  September 30, 2024 and includes a comparison to the corresponding periods in 2023, to the three months ended June 30, 2024,
                                  and to the Company’s financial condition as at December 31, 2023, as applicable. This MD&A provides an overall discussion,
                                  followed by analysis of the performance of Lifeco's four major reportable segments: Canada, United States (U.S.), Europe, and
                                  Capital and Risk Solutions.

                                  TABLE OF CONTENTS
                                      Basis of Presentation and Summary of Accounting Policies                                   Liquidity and Capital Management
                                  2   Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Information                             29       Liquidity
                                  3   Cautionary Note Regarding Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios                  30       Cash Flows
                                                                                                                        30       Commitments/Contractual Obligations
                                      Consolidated Operating Results                                                    31       Capital Management and Adequacy
                                  4   Financial Highlights                                                              32       Return on Equity
                                  5 2024 Developments                                                                   32       Ratings
                                  6 Base and Net Earnings
                                  10 Taxes                                                                                       Risk Management and Control Practices
                                  11 Lifeco Value Drivers                                                               33       Risk Management and Control Practices




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                                                                                                        33       Exposures and Sensitivities
                                      Segmented Operating Results
                                  14 Canada                                                                                      Accounting Policies
                                  17 United States                                                                      35       International Financial Reporting Standards
                                  19 Europe
                                  22 Capital and Risk Solutions                                                                  Other Information
                                  23 Lifeco Corporate                                                                   35       Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios
                                                                                                                        42       Glossary
                                      Consolidated Financial Position                                                   45       Disclosure Controls and Procedures
                                  24 Assets                                                                             45       Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
                                  26 Liabilities                                                                        45       Transactions with Related Parties
                                  28 Lifeco Capital Structure                                                           45       Quarterly Financial Information
                                                                                                                        46       Translation of Foreign Currency
                                                                                                                        46       Additional Information

                                  Basis of Presentation and Summary of Material Accounting Policies
                                  The condensed consolidated financial statements of Lifeco, which are the basis for data presented in this report, have been
                                  prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as issued by the International Accounting
                                  Standards Board (IASB) unless otherwise noted and are presented in millions of Canadian dollars unless otherwise indicated.
                                  This MD&A should be read in conjunction with the Company's condensed consolidated interim unaudited financial
                                  statements for the period ended September 30, 2024. Refer also to the "Accounting Policies" section of this MD&A and the
                                  Annual MD&A and audited consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2023.




                                                                                                               Great-West Lifeco Inc. Third Quarter 2024 Management's Discussion and Analysis   1


                                        B  2                                       P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
Management's Discussion and Analysis



Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Information
This MD&A contains forward-looking information. Forward-looking information includes statements that are predictive in nature, depend upon or
refer to future events or conditions, or include words such as "will", "may", "expects", "anticipates", "intends", "plans", "believes", "estimates",
"objective", "target", "potential" and other similar expressions or negative versions thereof. Forward-looking information includes, without limitation,
statements about the Company and its operations, business (including business mix), financial condition, expected financial performance (including
revenues, earnings or growth rates, medium-term financial objectives and base earnings objectives for the Empower business), strategies and
prospects, expected costs and benefits of acquisitions and divestitures (including timing of integration activities and timing and extent of revenue and
expense synergies), expected expenditures or investments (including but not limited to investment in technology infrastructure and digital
capabilities and solutions and investments in strategic partnerships), value creation and realization and growth opportunities, expected dividend
levels, expected cost reductions and savings, expected capital management activities and use of capital, estimates of risk sensitivities affecting capital
adequacy ratios, anticipated global economic conditions, potential impacts of catastrophe events, potential impacts of geopolitical conflicts and the
impact of regulatory developments on the Company’s business strategy and growth objectives.
Forward-looking statements are based on expectations, forecasts, estimates, predictions, projections and conclusions about future events that were
current at the time of the statements and are inherently subject to, among other things, risks, uncertainties and assumptions about the Company,
economic factors and the financial services industry generally, including the insurance, mutual fund and retirement solutions industries. They are
not guarantees of future performance, and the reader is cautioned that actual events and results could differ materially from those expressed or
implied by forward-looking statements. Many of these assumptions are based on factors and events that are not within the control of the Company
and there is no assurance that they will prove to be correct. In particular, in setting its objective to achieve base earnings growth in the Empower
business of 15-20% in 2024, management has assumed pre-tax revenue synergies related to the Prudential acquisition of US$20 million by the end of
2024 and that the performance of equity, interest rate and credit markets during the relevant period is consistent with management’s expectations,
which take into account current market information and assume no credit impairments. In arriving at our assessment of the Company’s potential
exposure to Pillar Two income taxes and our expectation regarding the impact on our effective income tax rate and base earnings, management has
relied on its interpretation of the relevant legislation. It has also assumed a starting point of its current mix of business and base earnings growth
consistent with management’s base earnings objectives disclosed in this MD&A. In all cases, whether or not actual results differ from forward-looking
information may depend on numerous factors, developments and assumptions, including, without limitation, the ability to integrate and leverage
acquisitions and achieve anticipated benefits and synergies, the achievement of expense synergies and client retention targets from the acquisition of
the Prudential retirement business, the Company’s ability to execute strategic plans and adapt or recalibrate these plans as needed, the Company’s
reputation, business competition, assumptions around sales, pricing, fee rates, customer behaviour (including contributions, redemptions,




                                                                                                                                                                               PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
withdrawals and lapse rates), mortality and morbidity experience, expense levels, reinsurance arrangements, global equity and capital markets
(including continued access to equity and debt markets and credit instruments on economically feasible terms), geopolitical tensions and related
economic impacts, interest and foreign exchange rates, inflation levels, liquidity requirements, investment values and asset breakdowns, hedging
activities, financial condition of industry sectors and individual issuers that comprise part of the Company’s investment portfolio, credit ratings, taxes,
impairments of goodwill and other intangible assets, technological changes, breaches or failure of information systems and security (including cyber
attacks), assumptions around third-party suppliers, changes in local and international laws and regulations, changes in accounting policies and the
effect of applying future accounting policy changes, changes in actuarial standards, unexpected judicial or regulatory proceedings, catastrophic
events, continuity and availability of personnel and third-party service providers, unplanned changes to the Company’s facilities, customer and
employee relations, levels of administrative and operational efficiencies, and other general economic, political and market factors in North America
and internationally.
The reader is cautioned that the foregoing list of assumptions and factors is not exhaustive, and there may be other factors listed in other filings with
securities regulators, including factors set out in the "Risk Management and Control Practices" and "Summary of Critical Accounting Estimates"
sections of this document and in the Company's annual information form dated February 14, 2024 under "Risk Factors", which, along with other
filings, is available for review at www.sedarplus.com. The reader is also cautioned to consider these and other factors, uncertainties and potential
events carefully and not to place undue reliance on forward-looking information.
Other than as specifically required by applicable law, the Company does not intend to update any forward-looking information whether as a result of
new information, future events or otherwise.

Important Note Regarding Sustainability Disclosure
Certain forward-looking statements in the Company's filings relate to the Company’s climate-related and diversity-related measures, objectives,
goals, priorities, strategies and commitments or actions that will be taken to achieve them. The climate-related statements include statements with
respect to achieving net-zero GHG emissions for its operating and financing activities by 2050, the Company’s initial interim net zero goals for
operations and investments, the Company’s plan to review and revise initial interim net zero goals as appropriate, the causes and potential impacts of
climate change globally, and the Company’s approach to identifying and managing climate-related risks and opportunities. The diversity-related
statements include statements with respect to growing representation of women and underrepresented minorities in management. The forward-
looking information in this update is presented for the purpose of assisting our stakeholders in understanding how we currently intend to address
climate-related and diversity-related governance, strategy, risks, opportunities, and objectives, and is not appropriate for other purposes.
Any commitments, objectives, goals, ambitions or targets discussed here, including but not limited to the Company’s net-zero related goals
(including interim net zero goals) and diversity-related measures, are aspirational. They may need to change or be recalibrated as data improve and
as climate science, regulatory requirements and market practices regarding standards, methodologies, metrics and measurements evolve. Our
climate risk analysis and net-zero strategy remain under development, and the data underlying our analysis and strategy remain subject to evolution
over time and the scope of assets to be included in our 2050 net zero related goals, remains under review. The Company does not currently have a
comprehensive transition plan in place to achieve its net zero-related goals and ambitions and the timing for developing such a plan and its scope
and achievability remain uncertain. Moreover, the data needed to define the Company’s plan to achieve those goals and ambitions is limited in
quality and availability and is inconsistent across the sectors the Company chooses to focus on. We are also continuing to develop our diversity-
related data. There is a strong possibility that our expectations, forecasts, estimates, predictions and conclusions may not prove to be accurate and
our assumptions may prove to be incorrect, and there is a material risk we will not achieve our climate-related and diversity-related goals, objectives,
ambitions, strategies and commitments. In addition, many of the assumptions, standards, metrics and measurements used in preparing these
forward-looking statements are not audited or independently verified, have limited comparability and continue to evolve.



                                                                                          Great-West Lifeco Inc. Third Quarter 2024 Management's Discussion and Analysis   2


                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                             B  3
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis



                                  Any goals, objectives, priorities, ambitions, commitments or targets discussed in the Company's filings, may also need to change or be recalibrated to
                                  meet our other strategic objectives and the reasonable expectations of our stakeholders, including expectations around financial performance. As a
                                  financial services company, our primary purpose is to provide our clients and customers with solutions to meet their financial security needs and to
                                  deliver on the promises we make to them. Our ability to fulfil this corporate purpose depends in large part on effective and responsible capital
                                  allocation and the ability to create value within the boundaries of our stakeholders’ expectations, including expectations around financial
                                  performance. The path to achieving net zero and our climate-related objectives will require significant investment, resources, systems and
                                  technologies by third parties we do not control. Faced with a wide range of stakeholder interests, we will need to effectively manage trade-offs and
                                  make choices about how to deploy financial and human capital. These choices could include prioritizing other strategic objectives over our climate-
                                  related goals in pursuit of fulfilling our primary purpose, delivering value to our stakeholders and meeting expectations around financial
                                  performance. As our business, our industry and climate science evolve over time, we may need to adjust our climate-related goals and our approach
                                  to meeting them. We will also need to remain thoughtful about the regulatory and business environment of the jurisdictions in which we operate, as
                                  our ability to achieve our climate goals is contingent on the success of our partners and communities.
                                  We caution readers not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements because numerous factors (many of which are beyond the control of
                                  the Company) may cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by forward-looking information and impact the
                                  Company’s ability to achieve its climate-related and diversity-related goals, objectives, priorities, ambitions, strategies and targets. These factors
                                  include, without limitation, the transition to a low-carbon economy, the need for more and better climate data and standardization of climate-related
                                  measurement methodologies, our ability to gather and verify data, our ability to develop indicators to effectively monitor our advancements and
                                  assess and manage climate-related risks, the need for active and continued action by stakeholders (including governmental and non-governmental
                                  organizations, our counterparties and other businesses and individuals), trade-offs and choices we make that prioritize other strategic objectives and
                                  financial performance over our climate-related objectives, the ability of clients, regulators and suppliers to meet and report on their publicly stated
                                  emissions and commitments, the viability of third-party decarbonization scenarios, the availability of carbon offset and renewable energy
                                  instruments on economically feasible terms, compliance with our policies and procedures, our ability to recruit and retain key personnel in a
                                  competitive environment for talent, technological advancements, the evolution of consumer behaviour, varying decarbonization efforts across
                                  economies, the challenges of balancing emission reduction objectives with an orderly, just and inclusive transition and geopolitical factors that
                                  impact global energy needs, the legal and regulatory environment, and regulatory compliance considerations. In relation to our climate-related
                                  objectives, goals, objectives, priorities, ambitions, strategies and targets, there are limitations and uncertainties inherent in climate science, climate
                                  risk analysis and reporting. The Company has made good faith approximations and assumptions in establishing its interim Scope 1 and 2 reduction
                                  goals and initial reduction goals for Scope 3 financed emissions. However, there are many factors that are the subject of ongoing climate science and
                                  that we cannot foresee or accurately predict which will impact our ability to achieve those goals.




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  Cautionary Note Regarding Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios
                                  This MD&A contains some non-Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP) financial measures and non-GAAP ratios as defined in National
                                  Instrument 52-112 “Non-GAAP and Other Financial Measures Disclosure”. Terms by which non-GAAP financial measures are identified include, but
                                  are not limited to, "base earnings (loss)", "base earnings (loss) (US$)", "base earnings: insurance service result", "base earnings: net investment
                                  result", "assets under management" and "assets under administration". Terms by which non-GAAP ratios are identified include, but are not limited
                                  to, “base earnings per common share (EPS)”, “base return on equity (ROE)”, "base dividend payout ratio" and “effective income tax rate – base
                                  earnings – common shareholders”. Non-GAAP financial measures and ratios are used to provide management and investors with additional
                                  measures of performance to help assess results where no comparable GAAP (IFRS) measure exists. However, non-GAAP financial measures and
                                  ratios do not have standard meanings prescribed by GAAP (IFRS) and are not directly comparable to similar measures used by other companies.
                                  Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section in this MD&A for the appropriate reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial
                                  measures to measures prescribed by GAAP as well as additional details on each measure and ratio.




                                                                                                                     Great-West Lifeco Inc. Third Quarter 2024 Management's Discussion and Analysis   3


                                       B  4                                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
Management's Discussion and Analysis



Consolidated Operating Results

    Selected consolidated financial information
                                                                                       As at or for the three months ended                           For the nine months ended
                                                                                    Sept. 30                 June 30               Sept. 30           Sept. 30            Sept. 30
    (in Canadian $ millions, except per share amounts)                               2024                     2024                  2023               2024                2023
    Base earnings1                                                             $          1,061        $          1,038        $        950      $           3,077 $                2,696
    Net earnings from continuing operations2                                                859                   1,005                 936                  2,895                  2,119
    Net earnings - common shareholders                                                      859                   1,005                 905                  2,824                  1,998
      Per common share
        Basic:
          Base earnings3                                                                    1.14                   1.11                 1.02                  3.30                   2.89
          Net earnings from continuing operations                                           0.92                   1.08                 1.01                  3.10                   2.28
          Net earnings                                                                      0.92                   1.08                 0.97                  3.03                   2.15
        Dividends paid                                                                    0.555                   0.555               0.520                  1.665                  1.560
        Book value2                                                                       25.78                   25.36               24.01
    Base return on equity3                                                                  17.3 %                 17.2 %               16.4 %
    Return on equity - continuing operations2                                               15.6 %                 16.2 %               11.9 %
    Base dividend payout ratio3                                                             48.7 %                 50.0 %               51.0 %
    Dividend payout ratio2                                                                  60.3 %                 51.4 %               53.5 %
    Financial leverage ratio4                                                                 29 %                    29 %               31 %

    Total assets per financial statements                                      $        779,741        $        749,562        $     680,010




                                                                                                                                                                                                PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
    Total assets under management1                                                   1,004,183                  961,501            1,032,857
    Total assets under administration1                                               3,110,284               2,929,042             2,628,364

    Total contractual service margin (net of reinsurance
      contracts held)                                                          $          13,517       $         13,008        $      13,054

    Total equity                                                               $          31,311       $         30,870        $      29,529

    Canada Life Assurance Company consolidated LICAT
      Ratio5                                                                                134 %                  130%                128%

1
     This metric is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details.
2
     Refer to the "Glossary" section of this document for additional details on the composition of this measure.
3
     This metric is a non-GAAP ratio. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details.
4
     The calculation for financial leverage ratio includes the after-tax non-participating contractual service margin (CSM) balance in the denominator, excluding CSM associated with
     segregated fund guarantees. This reflects that the CSM represents future profit and is considered available capital under LICAT. These ratios are estimates based on available data.
5
     The Life Insurance Capital Adequacy Test (LICAT) Ratio is based on the consolidated results of The Canada Life Assurance Company, Lifeco's major Canadian operating subsidiary.
     The LICAT Ratio is calculated in accordance with the Office of Superintendent of Financial Institutions' guideline - Life Insurance Capital Adequacy Test. Refer to the "Capital
     Management and Adequacy" section of this document for additional details.




                                                                                                   Great-West Lifeco Inc. Third Quarter 2024 Management's Discussion and Analysis           4


                                     P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                             B  5
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis



                                  2024 Developments
                                  •   Total assets under administration exceeded $3 trillion for the first time with growth across each of Lifeco's operating
                                      segments of 15% in Europe, 10% in Canada, 7% in the U.S. and 2% in Capital and Risk Solutions from December 31, 2023.
                                  •   In the third quarter of 2024, the Company completed certain assumption reviews and model refinements related to
                                      insurance contract liabilities which resulted in a positive economic impact. Within the Company's financial statements,
                                      this is observed through an increase to contractual service margin on non-participating business of $305 million and a
                                      negative impact to net earnings of $203 million. These assumption changes improved the capital position of the Company,
                                      increasing the Canada Life LICAT ratio by two points.
                                  •   The Company offers property catastrophe coverage to reinsurance companies and as a result, the Company is exposed to
                                      potential claims arising from major weather events and other catastrophic events, primarily hurricanes, windstorms and
                                      earthquakes. Current preliminary estimates of insured losses arising from recent catastrophe events do not reach the level
                                      where any significant claims would be anticipated. In addition, the Company continues to monitor potential impacts of
                                      recent geopolitical conflicts, which are not expected to have a material effect on results.
                                  •   Under International Pillar Two tax reform, the Organization for Economic Co-Operation and Development (OECD)
                                      introduced a 15% Global Minimum Tax (GMT) regime that has been adopted by all countries in which the Company has
                                      significant operations, other than the U.S. Canada enacted GMT legislation on June 20, 2024 which applies retroactively to
                                      January 1, 2024. Other countries where the Company has significant operations, including Barbados, Germany, Ireland
                                      and the U.K. had previously enacted GMT legislation, effective January 1, 2024.
                                      The GMT is complex in nature and applies to Lifeco as part of a larger related group of companies. The Company currently
                                      expects GMT in Barbados, Ireland and Isle of Man, jurisdictions where the statutory tax rates are below 15%. In the third
                                      quarter of 2024, the Company recognized a GMT current tax expense of $23 million ($89 million for the nine months ended
                                      September 30, 2024), primarily related to its operations in Barbados and Ireland.




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  •   In the United States, on January 1, 2024, Lifeco completed the previously announced sale of Putnam Investments to
                                      Franklin Resources, Inc., operating as "Franklin Templeton", in exchange for Franklin Templeton common shares, cash,
                                      and contingent consideration of up to US$375 million over a five to seven-year period. In the first quarter of 2024, the
                                      Company recorded a net loss of $115 million reflecting closing costs as well as a $44 million final gain on sale within
                                      discontinued operations. Lifeco retains its controlling interest in PanAgora Asset Management, a leading quantitative asset
                                      manager. The Company currently holds approximately 31,600,000 Franklin Templeton shares and will hold a majority of
                                      these shares until at least January 1, 2029. The shares are held at fair value with changes in fair market value flowing
                                      through other comprehensive income (OCI).
                                      In addition to the sale, Lifeco, along with Power Corporation of Canada and Franklin Templeton, entered into a strategic
                                      relationship to distribute Franklin Templeton products for the benefit of clients, distribution partners, and shareholders.




                                                                                                           Great-West Lifeco Inc. Third Quarter 2024 Management's Discussion and Analysis   5


                                      B  6                                     P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
Management's Discussion and Analysis



Base and Net Earnings
Consolidated base earnings and net earnings of Lifeco include the base earnings and net earnings of Canada Life (and its
operating subsidiaries), Empower and PanAgora Asset Management, together with Lifeco’s Corporate operating results. Net
earnings also include the earnings from Putnam Investments reported as discontinued operations.
For a further description of base earnings, refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document.

                                                                                             For the three months ended                                  For the nine months ended
                                                                                    Sept. 30                 June 30               Sept. 30              Sept. 30          Sept. 30
                                                                                     2024                     2024                  2023                  2024              2023
    Base earnings (loss)1
      Canada                                                                   $                317 $                  322 $              296        $           941 $                857
      United States                                                                             359                    324                262                    969                  745
      Europe                                                                                    195                    206                206                    598                  564
      Capital and Risk Solutions                                                                210                    190                198                    595                  558
       Lifeco Corporate                                                                         (20)                      (4)                 (12)                  (26)              (28)
    Lifeco base earnings1                                                      $             1,061 $                 1,038 $              950        $         3,077 $              2,696

    Items excluded from base earnings
      Market experience relative to expectations2                              $                 41 $                    28 $             153        $           176 $                (94)
      Realized OCI gains / (losses) from asset rebalancing                                        —                      —                    —                     —                (121)
       Assumption changes and management actions2                                              (203)                     39               (106)                 (165)                (103)
       Other non-market related impacts3                                                        (40)                  (100)                   (61)              (193)                (259)
    Items excluded from Lifeco base earnings                                   $               (202) $                 (33) $                 (14) $            (182) $              (577)




                                                                                                                                                                                                  PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
    Net earnings (loss) from continuing operations2
      Canada                                                                   $                460 $                  335 $              414        $         1,148 $                795
      United States                                                                             307                    274                244                    814                  575
      Europe                                                                                    115                    201                 25                    503                  167
       Capital and Risk Solutions                                                                  9                   155                265                    424                  618
       Lifeco Corporate                                                                          (32)                   40                 (12)                    6                   (36)
    Lifeco net earnings from continuing operations2                            $                859 $                1,005 $              936 $                2,895 $              2,119
      Net earnings (loss) from discontinued operations                                            —                      —                    (31)              (115)                (121)
      Net gain from disposal of discontinued operations                                           —                      —                    —                     44                 —
    Lifeco net earnings - common shareholders                                  $                859 $                1,005 $              905        $         2,824 $              1,998

1
     This metric is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details.
2
     Refer to the "Glossary" section of this document for additional details on the composition of this measure.
3
     Included in other non-market related impacts are business transformation impacts (including restructuring and integration costs as well as acquisition and divestiture costs),
     amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets and tax legislative changes impact.

Base Earnings
Base earnings for the third quarter of 2024 of $1,061 million ($1.14 per common share) increased by $111 million or 12% from
$950 million ($1.02 per common share) a year ago reflecting continued pre-tax growth and higher earnings on surplus from all
segments, partially offset by the impact of the GMT in the Capital and Risk Solutions and Europe segments. Base earnings
growth was driven by net fee and spread income growth from higher equity markets and the addition of Investment Planning
Counsel (IPC) and Value Partners, higher investment earnings driven by the impact of trading activity and improved credit
experience, as well as favourable claims experience in the U.S. life reinsurance business. These items were partially offset by
unfavourable group mortality experience in the Europe segment.
For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, Lifeco's base earnings were $3,077 million ($3.30 per common share)
compared to $2,696 million ($2.89 per common share) a year ago. The increase was primarily due to strong group health
experience and organic growth in the Canada segment, growth in the structured business in the Capital and Risk Solutions
segment as well as the same reasons discussed for the in-quarter results.




                                                                                                   Great-West Lifeco Inc. Third Quarter 2024 Management's Discussion and Analysis             6


                                     P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                             B  7
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis



                                  Net Earnings
                                  Lifeco's net earnings from continuing operations for the three month period ended September 30, 2024 of $859 million ($0.92
                                  per common share) decreased by $77 million or 8% compared to $936 million ($1.01 per common share) a year ago. The
                                  decrease was primarily due to the impact of relative interest rate movements, including spread movements, and negative fair
                                  value impacts of assumption changes and management actions. These items were partially offset by higher base earnings and
                                  the impact of reductions in commercial property values in the Europe segment in the prior year. The results from discontinued
                                  operations for the third quarter of 2024 were nil compared to a net loss of $31 million a year ago.
                                  For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, Lifeco's net earnings from continuing operations were $2,895 million ($3.10
                                  per common share) compared to $2,119 million ($2.28 per common share) a year ago. The increase was primarily due to
                                  favourable non-fixed income experience in the Canada segment and for the same reasons discussed for the in-quarter results.
                                  The prior year period included the following items that did not repeat in 2024: a provision related to Empower's sale of
                                  substantially all of its individual life and annuity business in 2019; and realized OCI losses related to asset rebalancing in the
                                  surplus account in the Europe segment. The results from discontinued operations for the nine months ended September 30
                                  included a net loss of $115 million as well as a $44 million final gain on sale compared to a net loss of $121 million a year ago.
                                  Lifeco's net earnings from continuing operations for the three month period ended September 30, 2024 of $859 million ($0.92
                                  per common share) decreased by $146 million or 15% compared to $1,005 million ($1.08 per common share) in the previous
                                  quarter. The decrease was primarily due to unfavourable fair value impacts of actuarial assumption changes and management
                                  actions, partially offset by favourable non-fixed income experience relative to expectations and higher base earnings. The
                                  results from discontinued operations as discussed for the year-over-year results were nil and were comparable to the previous
                                  quarter.
                                  Items Excluded from Base Earnings
                                  Market Experience Relative to Expectations




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                                                                                                  For the three months ended                                     For the nine months ended
                                                                                                         Sept. 30                June 30                 Sept. 30                 Sept. 30        Sept. 30
                                                                                                          2024                    2024                    2023                     2024            2023
                                  Public equity market impacts                                      $                 22 $                     1 $                   (15) $                49 $            (13)
                                  Real estate and other non-fixed income asset impacts                               (10)                    (26)                  (129)                  (95)           (309)
                                  Interest rate and other impacts                                                     29                      53                    297                  222              228
                                  Total market experience relative to expectations                  $                 41 $                    28 $                  153      $           176 $               (94)

                                  Market experience relative to expectations, which are reflected in the net investment result of the Company's consolidated
                                  statement of earnings, positively impacted net earnings by $41 million in the third quarter of 2024, compared to a positive
                                  impact of $153 million in the third quarter of 2023.
                                  In-quarter impacts reflect interest rate movements including spread movements, higher returns than expected on public equity
                                  assets, and lower returns than expected on real estate assets which are partially offset by higher returns than expected on other
                                  non-fixed income assets. The positive interest rate and other impacts result primarily arose from liabilities decreasing by more
                                  than their supporting assets in the Canada and Capital and Risk Solutions segments, driven by risk-free rate decreases; the
                                  impacts in the Canada segment were due to short-term rates decreasing more than long-term rates. The positive public equity
                                  market impacts arose primarily from higher returns than expected in the Canada segment. The lower returns than expected on
                                  real estate and other non-fixed income assets arose on real estate assets in the U.K. in the Europe segment and in the Canada
                                  segment, partially offset by higher returns than expected on other non-fixed income assets in the Canada and the U.S.
                                  segments.
                                  For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, market experience relative to expectations positively impacted net earnings by
                                  $176 million which compares favourably to a negative impact of $94 million for the same period in 2023. The 2024 year-to-date
                                  positive impact was primarily due to interest rate movements, partially offset by lower returns than expected on real estate
                                  assets.
                                  In order to mitigate the Company's exposure to interest rate fluctuations, the Company follows disciplined processes for
                                  matching asset and liability cash flows. As a result, the impact of changing interest rates is mostly mitigated in the current
                                  period, with the impact of changes in fair values of bonds backing insurance contract liabilities mostly offset by a
                                  corresponding change in the insurance contract liabilities. However, differences in the interest rate sensitivity in the value of
                                  assets and the value of insurance and investment contract liabilities leads to a sensitivity to interest rate movements in net
                                  earnings under IFRS 17, Insurance Contracts and IFRS 9, Financial Instruments due to the Company’s asset liability
                                  management strategies and accounting policy choices. These choices include consideration of the impact on regulatory
                                  capital, which can result in increased net earnings sensitivity, but decreased capital sensitivity. For example, the Company’s
                                  asset liability management strategy uses public equities and other non-fixed income assets as a component of general fund


                                                                                                                     Great-West Lifeco Inc. Third Quarter 2024 Management's Discussion and Analysis             7


                                       B  8                                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
Management's Discussion and Analysis


assets supporting liabilities, which leads to interest rate exposure in net earnings. The classification of financial assets under
IFRS 9, which are valued at amortized cost and held in the general fund assets supporting liabilities (for example, mortgage
assets in the U.K.), also contributes to interest rate exposure in net earnings. Furthermore, sensitivities to interest rate
movements vary depending upon the geography where the changes occur and the level of change in interest rates by term.
For a further description of the Company's sensitivity to equity market and interest rate fluctuations, including sensitivity
disclosures as a result of current market conditions, refer to "Risk Management", note 6 to the Company's condensed
consolidated interim unaudited financial statements for the period ended September 30, 2024.
Assumption Changes and Management Actions
Under IFRS 17, assumption changes on insurance risks and certain management actions directly impact CSM, for contracts
which have CSM. The impact of assumption changes and certain management actions on CSM are measured at locked-in
rates, for contracts measured under the General Measurement Model.
Net earnings impacts arise from the fair value impact of measuring assumption changes impacting CSM at fair value (relative to
the impacts on CSM measured at locked-in rates), as well as assumption changes on financial risks on certain products and
assumption changes on insurance risks on contracts which do not have CSM (including short-term insurance contracts).
The table below summarizes how assumption changes and management actions impact CSM and earnings under IFRS 17.

                                                                                        Products with CSM                                                Products without CSM

    Type of business                                  Non-participating insurance and                      Pass through and fee-based                     Short-term business
                                                            longevity business                                 insurance business
    Products                                          • Term life / universal life                    • Segregated funds                          • Group life and health
                                                      • Disability / critical illness                 • Participating insurance                   • Structured and P&C reinsurance
                                                      • Payout annuities                                                                          • Liabilities for incurred claims
                                                      • Life reinsurance
                                                      • Longevity swaps




                                                                                                                                                                                              PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
    Financial                                         • Insurance assumptions – locked-               • Insurance assumptions
                                 CSM1                   in rates impact2                              • Financial assumptions
    statement
    impact of                                         • Insurance assumptions – fair                                                              • Insurance assumptions
    assumption                 Earnings                 value impact2                                                                             • Financial assumptions
    changes                                           • Financial assumptions

1
     If there is no CSM balance, then the impact of both insurance and financial assumption changes flows through earnings.
2
     As current discount rates are generally higher than locked-in rates (as locked-in rates were mostly set as at January 1, 2022), a favourable change in insurance assumptions would
     increase the CSM and result in a negative earnings impact in the period.

The following table shows the net earnings and CSM impacts of assumption changes and management actions in the third
quarter of 2024 and the same quarter in 2023.
                                                                         Net earnings impact (post-tax)
                                                                      Fair value
                                                                    impact of CSM
                                                       CSM1          assumption
                Assumptions                           impacts          changes                Other            Total                                Description
    For the three months ended
    September 30, 2024
    Longevity                                     $         727 $                   (245) $            4 $           (241) Updates to reflect trends in longevity experience,
                                                                                                                           primarily on portfolios in the Capital and Risk Solutions
                                                                                                                           segment and in the U.K. in the Europe segment
    Mortality                                                 44                     (67)            (14)             (81) Updates to reflect trends in mortality, primarily on the
                                                                                                                           U.S. life reinsurance portfolio in the Capital and Risk
                                                                                                                           Solutions segment
    Policyholder behaviour                                 (413)                      79             (15)              64 Updates to reflect renewal experience on term insurance
                                                                                                                          in the Canada segment
    Other                                                    (53)                     10              45               55 Other updates, including financial and expense
                                                                                                                          assumptions
    Total                                         $         305 $                   (223) $           20 $           (203)

    For the three months ended
    September 30, 2023
    Total                                         $         188 $                    (53) $          (53) $          (106)

1
     Excludes participating policies.




                                                                                                      Great-West Lifeco Inc. Third Quarter 2024 Management's Discussion and Analysis      8


                                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                             B  9
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis


                                  For the three months ended September 30, 2024, the Company completed certain assumption reviews and model refinements
                                  related to insurance contract liabilities which resulted in a positive economic impact. Within the Company's financial
                                  statements, this is observed through an increase in CSM of $305 million and a negative impact to net earnings of $203 million
                                  on non-participating business. The negative earnings impact is primarily due to negative $223 million of fair value impacts on
                                  assumption changes impacting CSM. Other earnings impacts arising from assumption changes increased net earnings by $20
                                  million.
                                  In the Canada segment, the CSM was negatively impacted by $382 million and net earnings were positively impacted by $106
                                  million, primarily due to updates to policyholder behaviour assumptions on term insurance, financial assumption changes,
                                  and assumption changes on short-term products without CSM. In the Capital and Risk Solutions segment, CSM was positively
                                  impacted by $481 million and net earnings were negatively impacted by $235 million, primarily due to updated longevity
                                  assumptions and life mortality assumptions. In the Europe segment, CSM was positively impacted by $167 million and net
                                  earnings were negatively impacted by $51 million, primarily due to updated longevity assumptions, partially offset by updated
                                  expense assumptions. In the U.S. segment, CSM was positively impacted by $39 million and net earnings were negatively
                                  impacted by $23 million, primarily due to updates to policyholder behaviour and longevity assumptions.
                                  This compares to a decrease in CSM of $8 million and a positive net earnings impact of $39 million on non-participating
                                  business in the previous quarter, and an increase in CSM of $188 million and a negative net earnings impact of $106 million on
                                  non-participating business for the same period in 2023.
                                  For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, assumption changes and management actions resulted in an increase of $287
                                  million in CSM and a negative net earnings impact of $165 million on non-participating business, primarily due to the same
                                  reasons discussed for the in-quarter results. This compares to an increase in CSM of $166 million and a negative $103 million
                                  for the same period in 2023.
                                  The assumption changes will have a modest positive impact on base earnings from the beginning of the third quarter of 2024
                                  onwards. In the third quarter of 2024, the impact on CSM recognized for services provided is positive $1 million, with offsets




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  between segments (negative $13 million in Canada, positive $1 million in the U.S., positive $4 million in Europe and positive $9
                                  million in Capital and Risk Solutions; all pre-tax). Other impacts include a modest positive impact on insurance experience
                                  gains and losses.
                                  Assumption and model reviews for the Company's segregated fund business will be completed in the fourth quarter of 2024.
                                  Other Items Excluded from Base Earnings
                                  For the third quarter of 2024, other items excluded from base earnings were negative $40 million compared to negative $61
                                  million a year ago as business transformation costs decreased $21 million compared to the same period in the prior year,
                                  primarily due to restructuring costs in Europe from the same quarter last year that did not repeat.
                                  For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, other items excluded from base earnings were negative $193 million compared
                                  to negative $259 million a year ago as business transformation costs decreased $73 million compared to the same period in the
                                  prior year. This is primarily due to the same reasons discussed for the in-quarter results as well as the completion of integration
                                  costs related to the Prudential acquisition in the U.S. segment during the second quarter of 2024. These items were partially
                                  offset by provisions for restructuring costs in the Canada segment.
                                  Foreign Currency
                                  The average currency translation rate for the third quarter of 2024 increased for the British pound, the euro and the U.S. dollar,
                                  compared to the third quarter of 2023. For the three months ended September 30, 2024, the overall impact of currency
                                  movement on the Company's base earnings was an increase of $15 million (increase of $37 million year-to-date) compared to
                                  translation rates a year ago. The overall impact of currency movement on the Company’s net earnings was an increase of $5
                                  million (increase of $27 million year-to-date) compared to translation rates a year ago.
                                  From June 30, 2024 to September 30, 2024, the market rates at the end of the reporting period used to translate the British
                                  pound and the euro assets and liabilities to the Canadian dollar increased, while the U.S. dollar decreased. The movements in
                                  end-of-period exchange rates impact the translation of foreign operations, including related hedging activities, resulting in
                                  post-tax unrealized foreign exchange gains of $103 million in-quarter, recorded in other comprehensive income.
                                  Translation rates for the reporting period and comparative periods are detailed in the "Translation of Foreign Currency"
                                  section.




                                                                                                             Great-West Lifeco Inc. Third Quarter 2024 Management's Discussion and Analysis   9


                                       B  10                                     P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
Management's Discussion and Analysis



Taxes
The Company's effective income tax rate on earnings attributable to common shareholders and total Lifeco earnings are
presented below.

    Effective Income Tax Rates                                                              For the three months ended                            For the nine months ended
                                                                                   Sept. 30                 June 30               Sept. 30          Sept. 30             Sept. 30
                                                                                    2024                     20242                 2023              2024                 2023
    Base earnings - common shareholders1                                                   16.3 %                 19.3 %               12.8 %              17.8 %                 13.2 %
    Net earnings - common shareholders2                                                    16.1 %                 19.4 %               12.8 %              16.9 %                 10.8 %
    Net earnings - total Lifeco                                                            12.8 %                 17.4 %               12.2 %              14.7 %                  9.1 %

1
     This metric is a non-GAAP ratio. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details.
2
     Global Minimum Tax legislation was enacted in Canada on June 20, 2024 and applies retroactively to January 1, 2024. The effective tax rate for the second quarter of 2024 reflects the
     retroactive application of Global Minimum Tax to the first quarter of 2024, primarily in respect of Barbados where the Global Minimum Tax was contingent upon Canada's enactment.
     The Company's effective income tax rate for net earnings - common shareholders for the second quarter of 2024 would have been 16.7% had the Global Minimum Tax been enacted in
     the first quarter of 2024.

The Company's effective income tax rate is generally lower than the statutory income tax rate of 28.0% due to benefits related to
non-taxable investment income and lower income tax in certain foreign jurisdictions.
Under International Pillar Two tax reform, the Organization for Economic Co-Operation and Development (OECD) introduced
a 15% Global Minimum Tax (GMT) regime that has been adopted by all countries in which the Company has significant
operations, other than the U.S. Canada enacted GMT legislation on June 20, 2024 which applies retroactively to January 1, 2024.
Other countries where the Company has significant operations, including Barbados, Germany, Ireland and the U.K. had
previously enacted GMT legislation, effective January 1, 2024.
The GMT is complex in nature and applies to Lifeco as part of a larger related group of companies. The Company currently




                                                                                                                                                                                              PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
expects GMT in Barbados, Ireland and Isle of Man, jurisdictions where the statutory tax rates are below 15%. In the third
quarter of 2024, the Company recognized a GMT current tax expense of $23 million ($89 million for the nine months ended
September 30, 2024), primarily related to its operations in Barbados and Ireland.
The impact of the GMT on the Company's effective income tax rate on earnings attributable to common shareholders and total
Lifeco earnings are presented below.
                                                                                                                                             For the three            For the nine
                                                                                                                                             months ended            months ended
    Impact of GMT on Effective Income Tax Rates                                                                                              Sept. 30, 2024          Sept. 30, 2024
    Base earnings - common shareholders1                                                                                                                  3.4 %                    2.9 %
    Net earnings - common shareholders                                                                                                                    2.2 %                    2.5 %
    Net earnings - total Lifeco                                                                                                                           2.3 %                    2.5 %

1
     This metric is a non-GAAP ratio. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details.

In the third quarter of 2024, the effective income tax rate on base earnings for the common shareholders of 16.3% was up from
12.8% in the third quarter of 2023, primarily due to the GMT. In the third quarter of 2024, the effective income tax rate on net
earnings for the common shareholders of 16.1% was up from 12.8% in the third quarter of 2023, primarily due to the GMT and
jurisdictional mix of earnings.
In the third quarter of 2024, the Company's overall effective income tax rate of 12.8% was comparable to 12.2% in the third
quarter of 2023, as the increase due to the GMT and jurisdictional mix of earnings was offset by higher non-taxable investment
income.
For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the effective income tax rate on base earnings for the common shareholders of
17.8% was up from 13.2% in the same period last year, primarily due to the GMT and jurisdictional mix of earnings. For the nine
months ended September 30, 2024, the effective income tax rate on net earnings for the common shareholders of 16.9% was up
from 10.8% in the same period last year due to the same reasons discussed above for the year-to-date base earnings effective
income tax rate.
For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company's overall effective income tax rate of 14.7% was up from 9.1% in
the same period last year, primarily due to the GMT and jurisdictional mix of earnings.
Refer to note 14 of the Company's condensed consolidated interim unaudited financial statements for the period ended
September 30, 2024 for further details.




                                                                                                 Great-West Lifeco Inc. Third Quarter 2024 Management's Discussion and Analysis         10


                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                            B  11
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis



                                  Lifeco Value Drivers
                                  The Company has a diversified mix of business across its reportable operating segments and accordingly supplements its
                                  analysis of results with reporting and disclosures by business type or “value driver”. The Company focuses on three key value
                                  drivers for its business that extend across its reportable operating segments:
                                  •       Workplace Solutions
                                  •       Wealth & Asset Management
                                  •       Insurance & Risk Solutions
                                  Lifeco Base Earnings by Value Driver
                                                                                                                                For the three months ended                                    For the nine months ended
                                                                                                                       Sept. 30                June 30                 Sept. 30                Sept. 30          Sept. 30
                                                                                                                        2024                    2024                    2023                    2024              2023
                                      Base earnings (loss)1
                                      Workplace Solutions                                                         $               520 $                   512 $                   463     $            1,485 $        1,362
                                      Wealth & Asset Management                                                                   167                     157                     157                    467            395
                                      Insurance & Risk Solutions                                                                  358                     335                     346                  1,045          1,015
                                      Corporate                                                                                     16                      34                     (16)                    80               (76)
                                      Lifeco base earnings1                                                       $            1,061 $                 1,038 $                    950     $            3,077 $        2,696

                                      Lifeco net earnings from continuing operations2                             $               859 $                1,005 $                    936     $            2,895 $        2,119

                                  1
                                       This metric is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details.
                                  2
                                       Refer to the "Glossary" section of this document for additional details on the composition of this measure.




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  The information in the table above is a summary of base earnings by the Company's value drivers. Additional commentary
                                  regarding base earnings by value drivers is included, as applicable, in the sections below.
                                  Workplace Solutions
                                  The Company has built millions of trusted relationships with customers through Workplace Solutions. These relationships are
                                  based on the consistent delivery of health and wellness benefits, as well as retirement solutions that are delivered at scale
                                  through employer sponsored plans as a core part of the business. The Company is also building lifetime customer relationships
                                  through a focus on deepening the advice and solutions to better meet customers' retirement, investment and wellness needs.
                                  Selected Financial Results
                                                                                                                                For the three months ended                                    For the nine months ended
                                                                                                                       Sept. 30                June 30                 Sept. 30                Sept. 30          Sept. 30
                                                                                                                        2024                    2024                    2023                    2024              2023
                                      Base earnings (loss)1                                                       $               520 $                   512 $                   463     $            1,485 $        1,362
                                      Retirement net cash flows2,3                                                           (18,393)                 (4,936)                 (8,999)                 (32,143)        5,298
                                      Fee and other income                                                                     1,221                   1,226                   1,033                   3,572          3,119
                                      Group life and health book premiums2                                                   17,802                   17,395                 17,048

                                  1
                                       This metric is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details.
                                  2
                                       Refer to the "Glossary" section of this document for additional details on the composition of this measure.
                                  3
                                       Results for the periods ended September 30, 2024 do not include $54.4 billion (US$40.0 billion) in transfers related to the Plan Management Corporation (PMC) acquisition in the U.S.
                                       segment.

                                  Base earnings
                                  Workplace Solutions base earnings for the third quarter of 2024 of $520 million increased by $57 million or 12% compared to
                                  the same quarter last year. The increase was primarily due to increased net fee and spread income driven by business growth,
                                  higher equity markets and realized expense synergies in Empower Defined Contribution, partially offset by unfavourable group
                                  mortality experience in the Europe segment.
                                  For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, Workplace Solutions base earnings of $1,485 million increased by $123 million
                                  or 9% compared to the same period last year. The increase was primarily due to the same reasons discussed for the in-quarter
                                  results, as well as strong long-term disability and health experience driven by management actions and organic growth in the
                                  Canada segment.




                                                                                                                                   Great-West Lifeco Inc. Third Quarter 2024 Management's Discussion and Analysis             11


                                            B  12                                                       P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
Management's Discussion and Analysis



Net cash flows
Net cash outflows for the third quarter of 2024 were $18.4 billion, compared to net cash outflows of $9.0 billion for the same
quarter last year. The current year period excludes $54.4 billion (US$40 billion) in net transfers related to Empower's recent
acquisition of Plan Management Corporation (PMC). The increase in net outflows was primarily due to net higher value
participant redemptions of assets under administration in Empower Defined Contribution in the current year. Average account
balances of participants have increased due to market growth over the past year, resulting in increased distributions, which
have outpaced contributions.
For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, net cash outflows were $32.1 billion compared to net cash inflows of $5.3
billion for the same period last year, primarily due to the same reason discussed for the in-quarter results, as well as a large plan
redemption that was partially offset by another large plan addition in Empower Defined Contribution. Large plan sales can be
highly variable from period to period and tend to be lower margin, but nevertheless contribute to covering fixed overhead
costs.
Fee and other income
Fee and other income for the third quarter of 2024 of $1,221 million increased by $188 million compared to the same quarter
last year, primarily due to the impact of higher equity market levels and growth in the business in Empower Defined
Contribution, and growth in administrative services only (ASO) fees in the Canada segment.
For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, fee and other income of $3,572 million increased by $453 million compared to
the same period last year, primarily due to the same reasons discussed for the in-quarter results, as well as adjustments related
to the Prudential acquisition in the U.S. segment in the second quarter of 2024.
Group life and health book premiums
Group life and health book premiums at September 30, 2024 were $17,802 million, an increase of $407 million compared to
June 30, 2024, primarily due to organic growth of in-force business in the Canada and Europe segments, recognition of prior




                                                                                                                                                                                            PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
period Canada federal government's Public Service Health Care Plan (PSHCP) sales, and the impact of currency movement.
Wealth & Asset Management
In partnership with over 106,000 advisor relationships globally at the start of 2024, the Company is delivering targeted and
sophisticated solutions supported by personalized advice to meet customers’ most complex personal wealth needs. The
approach is enabled through investments in technology platforms and in market leading managed solutions to help advisors
continue to meet the evolving needs of customers.
Selected Financial Results
                                                                                         As at or for the three months ended                          For the nine months ended
                                                                                      Sept. 30                June 30              Sept. 30            Sept. 30             Sept. 30
                                                                                       2024                    2024                 2023                2024                 2023
    Base earnings (loss)1                                                        $               167 $                   157 $             157    $             467 $               395
    Wealth net cash flows2                                                                    4,783                   3,784                466                8,786                8,605
    Fee and other income                                                                         569                     550               407                1,647                1,163
    CSM, segregated fund products3                                                            3,567                   3,348              3,120

1
     This metric is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details.
2
     Refer to the "Glossary" section of this document for additional details on the composition of this measure.
3
     The U.S. segment does not have a material CSM balance and has been excluded.

Base earnings
Wealth & Asset Management base earnings for the third quarter of 2024 of $167 million increased by $10 million or 6%
compared to the same quarter last year. The increase was primarily due to higher net fee and spread income driven by higher
equity markets, as well as the addition of IPC and Value Partners in the Canada segment.
For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, Wealth & Asset Management base earnings of $467 million increased by $72
million or 18% compared to the same period last year. The increase was primarily due to the same reasons discussed for the in-
quarter results.
Net cash flows
Net cash inflows for the third quarter of 2024 were $4,783 million compared to net inflows of $466 million for the same quarter
last year, primarily due to higher institutional asset management flows in Ireland in the Europe segment driven by a large client
rebalancing, higher inflows in Empower Personal Wealth as well as the addition of IPC and Value Partners and higher
individual wealth sales in the Canada segment.
For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, net cash inflows were $8,786 million compared to net cash inflows of $8,605
million for the same period last year, primarily due to higher institutional asset management flows in Ireland in the Europe

                                                                                                  Great-West Lifeco Inc. Third Quarter 2024 Management's Discussion and Analysis       12


                                     P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                            B  13
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis


                                  segment driven by a large client rebalancing and strategic allocation decision and the additions of IPC and Value Partners and
                                  higher individual wealth sales in the Canada segment. These items were partially offset by lower inflows in Empower Personal
                                  Wealth.
                                  Fee and other income
                                  Fee and other income for the third quarter of 2024 of $569 million increased by $162 million compared to the same quarter last
                                  year, primarily due to the addition of IPC and Value Partners in the Canada segment, higher equity market levels and overall
                                  growth in the business in Empower Personal Wealth and higher management fees from higher average assets under
                                  administration in the Europe segment.
                                  For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, fee and other income of $1,647 million increased by $484 million compared to
                                  the same period last year, primarily due to the same reasons discussed for the in-quarter results.
                                  CSM, segregated fund products
                                  CSM for segregated fund products at September 30, 2024 of $3,567 million increased by $219 million compared to June 30,
                                  2024, primarily due to the impact of market movements and assumption changes. Refer to the "Assumption Changes and
                                  Management Actions" section of this document for additional details.
                                  Insurance & Risk Solutions
                                  The Company has a strong and stable insurance base which helps produce capital that is invested in areas of opportunity for
                                  growth. Additionally, with its sophisticated risk and capital management expertise, the Company is helping organizations
                                  manage their risks and deliver sustainable customer solutions. By leveraging this expertise, Lifeco is diversifying its portfolio,
                                  offsetting or counterbalancing risks and creating value for stakeholders including strong financial performance.
                                  Selected Financial Results
                                                                                                                       As at or for the three months ended                                 For the nine months ended




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                                                                                                    Sept. 30                June 30                 Sept. 30                Sept. 30         Sept. 30
                                                                                                                     2024                    2024                    2023                    2024             2023
                                      Base earnings (loss)1                                                    $               358 $                   335 $                   346     $           1,045 $        1,015
                                      New business non-participating CSM, excluding segregated
                                        fund products2                                                                         180                       82                    125                  389             269
                                      Non-participating CSM, excluding segregated fund
                                        products2                                                                           6,703                   6,163                   5,988

                                  1
                                       This metric is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details.
                                  2
                                       The U.S. segment does not have a material CSM balance and has been excluded.

                                  Base earnings
                                  Insurance & Risk Solutions base earnings for the third quarter of 2024 of $358 million increased by $12 million or 3% compared
                                  to the same quarter last year. The increase was primarily due to favourable claims experience in the U.S. life business in the
                                  Capital and Risk Solutions segment and the impact of trading activity in the Europe segment. These items were partially offset
                                  by the impact of the GMT in the Capital and Risk Solutions and Europe segments.
                                  For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, Insurance & Risk Solutions base earnings of $1,045 million increased by $30
                                  million or 3% compared to the same period last year. The increase was primarily due to growth in the structured business and
                                  improved claims experience in the U.S. life business in the Capital and Risk Solutions segment as well as improved mortality
                                  experience in the Canada segment, partially offset by the impact of the GMT in the Capital and Risk Solutions and Europe
                                  segments.
                                  New business non-participating CSM, excluding segregated fund products
                                  Insurance & Risk Solutions new business non-participating CSM, excluding segregated fund products, for the third quarter of
                                  2024 of $180 million increased by $55 million compared to the same quarter last year, primarily due to strong contributions
                                  from the U.K. in the Europe segment.
                                  For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, Insurance & Risk Solutions new business non-participating CSM, excluding
                                  segregated fund products, of $389 million increased by $120 million compared to the same period last year, primarily due to
                                  strong contributions from the U.K. in the Europe segment and the Capital and Risk Solutions segment.
                                  Non-participating CSM, excluding segregated fund products
                                  Non-participating CSM, excluding segregated fund products, at September 30, 2024 of $6,703 million increased by $540 million
                                  compared to June 30, 2024, primarily due to the impact of assumption changes and currency movement as well as strong
                                  contributions of CSM from new business in the Europe and Capital and Risk Solutions segments. Refer to the "Assumption
                                  Changes and Management Actions" section of this document for additional details on the impact of assumption changes.



                                                                                                                                Great-West Lifeco Inc. Third Quarter 2024 Management's Discussion and Analysis          13


                                           B  14                                                     P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
Management's Discussion and Analysis



Segmented Operating Results

The segmented operating results of Lifeco, including the comparative figures, are presented on an IFRS basis after capital
allocation. Consolidated operating results for Lifeco comprise the net earnings of Canada Life (and its operating subsidiaries),
Empower and the discontinued operations of Putnam, together with Lifeco's corporate results. The following sections analyze
the performance of Lifeco's four major reportable segments: Canada, United States (U.S.), Europe and Capital and Risk
Solutions.
Translation of Foreign Currency
For the United States, Europe and Capital and Risk Solutions segments, foreign currency assets and liabilities are translated
into Canadian dollars at the market rate at the end of the financial period. All income and expense items are translated at an
average rate for the period.

Canada
The Canada segment of Lifeco includes the operating results of the Canadian businesses operated by Canada Life, together
with an allocation of a portion of Lifeco's corporate results.
2024 Developments
•   Subsequent to the third quarter of 2024, on October 4, 2024, Canada Life announced that it had signed a new, independent
    distribution agreement with Primerica Life Insurance Company of Canada (Primerica Canada). This distribution
    agreement will give Primerica Canada's advisors access to a curated selection of Canada Life's segregated fund shelf,
    extending the market reach of Canada Life's existing distribution and help the underserved mass market. The training and
    onboarding of Primerica Canada's advisors will be phased, beginning in 2025.
•   Subsequent to the third quarter of 2024, on October 1, 2024, Canada Life Investment Management Ltd. (CLIML) and




                                                                                                                                                                            PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
    Counsel Portfolio Services Inc. (Counsel), a subsidiary of Investment Planning Counsel (IPC) amalgamated. Bringing these
    two investment fund management companies together into one centre of excellence will allow Canada Life to unlock new
    growth opportunities, achieve economies of scale and improve operational effectiveness.
•   Canada Life has administered dental benefits for employees of the federal public service since 1987. As previously
    announced, Canada Life was also selected to administer the dental plan for retired public servants. The Government of
    Canada agreed to harmonize the implementation dates of these two plans to November 1, 2024 to improve the experience
    for all plan members.




                                                                                     Great-West Lifeco Inc. Third Quarter 2024 Management's Discussion and Analysis    14


                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                            B  15
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis



                                  Selected Financial Information - Canada
                                                                                                                               For the three months ended                                    For the nine months ended
                                                                                                                     Sept. 30                 June 30                Sept. 30                 Sept. 30            Sept. 30
                                                                                                                      2024                     2024                   2023                     2024                2023
                                      Base earnings (loss)1
                                        Workplace Solutions                                                     $                181 $                   190 $                   191 $                  561 $             514
                                        Individual Wealth Management                                                              61                      59                      49                    172               156
                                        Insurance & Annuities                                                                     65                      58                      58                    181               164
                                        Corporate                                                                                 10                      15                       (2)                   27                23
                                      Base earnings (loss)1                                                     $                317 $                   322 $                   296     $               941 $            857
                                        Items excluded from base earnings                                                        143                      13                     118                     207              (62)
                                      Net earnings - common shareholders                                        $                460 $                   335 $                   414     $             1,148 $            795
                                      Sales2
                                        Group Life & Health                                                     $               283 $                   124 $                 1,913      $               566 $          2,201
                                        Group Retirement                                                                        694                     787                     617                    2,242            2,008
                                        Individual Wealth Management                                                          3,964                   4,577                   2,100                   13,006            6,932
                                        Insurance & Annuities3                                                                   169                     147                     152                    470               462
                                                         2
                                      Net cash flows
                                        Group Retirement                                                        $                 20 $                    64 $                  (161) $                  337 $            414
                                        Individual Wealth Management                                                            (157)                   (402)                   (427)                   (835)          (1,388)
                                      Net cash flows2                                                           $               (137) $                 (338) $                 (588) $                 (498) $          (974)
                                      Fee and other income
                                        Workplace Solutions                                                     $                268 $                   264 $                   233     $              795 $             701




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                        Individual Wealth Management                                                             203                     202                      88                    595               270
                                        Individual Insurance                                                                      —                        1                      —                       1                —
                                        Corporate                                                                                  9                       7                       7                      23               23
                                      Fee and other income                                                      $                480 $                   474 $                   328     $             1,414 $            994
                                      Group life and health book premiums2                                      $           15,189 $                14,896 $                14,700

                                      Total assets                                                              $          222,018 $               212,101 $              191,837
                                        Other assets under management2,4                                                    14,092                  13,293                  7,460
                                      Total assets under management1                                                       236,110                 225,394                199,297
                                        Other assets under administration2                                                  62,832                  60,100                  27,759
                                      Total assets under administration1                                        $          298,942 $               285,494 $              227,056

                                      Contractual service margin
                                        Insurance & Annuities - Non-Participating                               $                706 $                1,124 $                 1,149
                                        Individual Wealth Management - Segregated Funds                                       2,003                   1,895                   1,797
                                        Insurance & Annuities - Participating                                                 2,969                   3,232                   3,385
                                      Contractual service margin                                                $             5,678 $                 6,251 $                 6,331
                                  1
                                       This metric is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details.
                                  2
                                       Refer to the "Glossary" section of this document for additional details on the composition of this measure.
                                  3
                                       Comparative results for Q1 2024 and Q2 2024 have been restated by $(1) million and $(14) million, respectively.
                                  4
                                       At September 30, 2024, Canada Life had $7.3 billion of proprietary mutual fund assets held by retail clients ($7.1 billion at December 31, 2023). $3.7 billion ($3.3 billion as at December
                                       31, 2023) of these assets are consolidated as investments on account of segregated fund policyholders on the Company's balance sheet.

                                  Base and net earnings
                                  In the third quarter of 2024, the Canada segment's base earnings of $317 million increased by $21 million or 7% compared to
                                  the same quarter last year, reflecting higher net fee and spread income driven by the addition of IPC and Value Partners and
                                  higher equity markets, and higher expected investment earnings driven by improved credit experience and higher earnings on
                                  surplus. These items were partially offset by lower CSM recognized for services provided in Insurance and Annuities driven by
                                  the impact of assumption changes. Refer to the "Assumption Changes and Management Actions" section of this document for
                                  additional details.
                                  In the third quarter of 2024, net earnings of $460 million increased by $46 million compared to the same quarter last year. Items
                                  excluded from base earnings were positive $143 million compared to positive $118 million for the same quarter last year.
                                  Market experience relative to expectations was positive $43 million in the third quarter of 2024 compared to positive $147
                                  million for the same quarter last year, primarily due to less favourable impacts of risk-free interest rate movements and
                                  unfavourable credit spread impacts compared to favourable credit spread impacts in the prior year, partially offset by higher

                                                                                                                                   Great-West Lifeco Inc. Third Quarter 2024 Management's Discussion and Analysis              15


                                           B  16                                                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
Management's Discussion and Analysis


non-fixed income experience compared to the prior year. Assumption changes and management actions were positive $106
million compared to negative $24 million for the same quarter last year. Refer to the "Assumption Changes and Management
Actions" section of this document for additional details.
For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, base earnings of $941 million increased by $84 million or 10% compared to the
same period last year, primarily due to strong long-term disability and health experience in Workplace Solutions partially
driven by pricing and management actions, organic growth in Workplace Solutions in-force block earnings, higher net fee and
spread income driven by the addition of IPC and Value Partners and higher equity markets and improved mortality experience
in Insurance and Annuities. These items were partially offset by lower CSM recognized for services provided in Insurance and
Annuities driven by the impact of assumption changes, higher service restoration expense in Workplace Solutions, and a
favourable tax item from 2023 in Individual Wealth Management which did not repeat.
For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, net earnings of $1,148 million increased by $353 million compared to the same
period last year. Items excluded from base earnings were positive $207 million compared to negative $62 million for the same
period last year. Market experience relative to expectations was positive $135 million compared to negative $25 million for the
same period last year, primarily due to additional favourable impacts of risk-free interest rate movements compared to prior
year and favourable non-fixed income experience compared to an unfavourable impact in the prior year. Assumption changes
and management actions were positive $113 million compared to negative $21 million for the same period last year. Refer to
the "Assumption Changes and Management Actions" section of this document for additional details.
For the third quarter of 2024, net loss attributable to the participating account was $2 million compared to net earnings of $20
million for the same quarter last year, primarily due to less favourable tax impacts, partially offset by higher earnings on
surplus.
For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the net earnings attributable to the participating account was $75 million
compared to net earnings of $21 million for the same period last year, primarily due to higher earnings on surplus and
favourable tax impacts.




                                                                                                                                                                            PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
Sales
Group life and health sales for the third quarter of 2024 of $283 million decreased by $1,630 million compared to the same
quarter last year, primarily due to the addition of the Canada federal government's Public Service Health Care Plan (PSHCP)
last year. Group retirement sales for the third quarter of 2024 of $694 million increased by $77 million compared to the same
quarter last year, primarily due to higher asset retention. Individual wealth management sales for the third quarter of 2024 of
$3,964 million increased by $1,864 million compared to the same quarter last year, primarily due to strong segregated fund and
third party mutual fund sales as well as the addition of IPC and Value Partners. Insurance and annuities sales for the third
quarter of 2024 of $169 million increased by $17 million compared to the same quarter last year, primarily due to strong
participating life product sales.
For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same period last year, group life and health sales of $566
million decreased by $1,635 million, group retirement sales of $2,242 million increased by $234 million, individual wealth
management sales of $13,006 million increased by $6,074 million, and insurance and annuities sales of $470 million increased
by $8 million. These movements were primarily due to the same reasons discussed for the in-quarter results.
Group life and health book premiums
Group life and health book premiums at September 30, 2024 were $15,189 million, an increase of $293 million compared to
June 30, 2024, primarily due to organic growth of in-force business and reflecting the impact of the Canada federal
government's PSHCP sales from the prior year.
Net cash flows
In the third quarter of 2024, net cash outflows were $137 million compared to net cash outflows of $588 million for the same
quarter last year, primarily due to the additions of IPC and Value Partners, higher individual wealth sales, and higher group
retirement deposits.
For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, net cash outflows were $498 million compared to net cash outflows of $974
million for the same period last year, primarily due to the same reasons discussed for the in-quarter results.
Fee and other income
Fee and other income for the third quarter of 2024 of $480 million increased by $152 million compared to the same quarter last
year, primarily due to the addition of IPC and Value Partners.
For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, fee and other income of $1,414 million increased by $420 million compared to
the same period last year, primarily due to the same reasons discussed for the in-quarter results.




                                                                                     Great-West Lifeco Inc. Third Quarter 2024 Management's Discussion and Analysis    16


                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                            B  17
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis



                                  Contractual service margin
                                  Contractual service margin at September 30, 2024 was $5,678 million, a decrease of $573 million compared to June 30, 2024,
                                  primarily due to the impact of assumption changes in the third quarter of 2024. Refer to the "Assumption Changes and
                                  Management Actions" section of this document for additional details.

                                  United States
                                  The United States segment operating results for Lifeco include the results of Empower Annuity Insurance Company of America
                                  (Empower), PanAgora Asset Management and the results of the legacy insurance businesses in the U.S. branch of Canada Life,
                                  together with an allocation of a portion of Lifeco's corporate results. Items not associated directly with or allocated to Empower
                                  and PanAgora Asset Management are included in the Corporate business unit. Those include a retained block of life insurance,
                                  predominately participating policies, which are now administered by Protective Life, as well as a closed life retrocession block.
                                  The U.S. segment also includes the results of Putnam Investments classified as discontinued operations.
                                  2024 Developments
                                  •   On September 23, 2024, Empower acquired Plan Management Corporation (PMC), the creator of OptionTrax, a digital
                                      equity plan administration and service provider. With the completion of the acquisition, Empower’s retirement services
                                      expanded to employers who offer equity compensation programs as well as enhanced financial planning services offered
                                      through the Empower Personal Wealth business. The acquisition increased Empower’s client base by an additional 300
                                      employers with approximately US$62 billion in plan value. The purchase consideration was funded with existing resources
                                      and deferred consideration subject to achievement of target growth objectives. Empower expects to incur integration
                                      expenses of US$20 million pre-tax and transaction costs of approximately US$1 million pre-tax. The integration is expected
                                      to be completed by June of 2026. Empower anticipates realizing revenue synergies through the financial planning services
                                      offered through Empower Personal Wealth business. This acquisition is not expected to have a material impact on the
                                      Company's financial position.
                                  •   As of June 30, 2024, with the successful completion of system migrations of the full-service retirement services business of




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                      Prudential, Empower achieved US$180 million pre-tax run rate synergies following the acquisition on April 1, 2022,
                                      consistent with expectations. Revenue synergies of US$20 million are expected on a run-rate basis by the end of 2024 and
                                      are expected to grow to US$50 million by the end of 2026.
                                      Overall, acquired Prudential retention targets have been exceeded.
                                  •   In the United States, on January 1, 2024, Lifeco completed the previously announced sale of Putnam Investments to
                                      Franklin Resources, Inc., operating as "Franklin Templeton", in exchange for Franklin Templeton common shares, cash,
                                      and contingent consideration of up to US$375 million over a five to seven-year period. In the first quarter of 2024, the
                                      Company recorded a net loss of $115 million reflecting closing costs as well as a $44 million final gain on sale within
                                      discontinued operations. Lifeco retains its controlling interest in PanAgora Asset Management, a leading quantitative asset
                                      manager. The Company currently holds approximately 31,600,000 Franklin Templeton shares and will hold a majority of
                                      these shares until at least January 1, 2029. The shares are held at fair value with changes in fair market value flowing
                                      through other comprehensive income (OCI).
                                      In addition to the sale, Lifeco, along with Power Corporation of Canada and Franklin Templeton, entered into a strategic
                                      relationship to distribute Franklin Templeton products for the benefit of clients, distribution partners, and shareholders.




                                                                                                           Great-West Lifeco Inc. Third Quarter 2024 Management's Discussion and Analysis   17


                                       B  18                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
Management's Discussion and Analysis



    Selected Financial Information - United States
                                                                                              For the three months ended                                For the nine months ended
                                                                                     Sept. 30                June 30               Sept. 30              Sept. 30         Sept. 30
                                                                                      2024                    2024                  2023                  2024             2023
    Base earnings (loss) (US$)1
      Empower Defined Contribution                                              $               215 $                   185 $             163       $           562 $                504
      Empower Personal Wealth                                                                     44                      39                  38                121                   95
      Asset Management                                                                            (2)                      1                  (2)                   (4)                (7)
      Corporate                                                                                     7                     11                  (4)                   32                (36)
    Base earnings (loss) (US$)1                                                 $               264 $                   236 $             195 $                  711 $               556
      Items excluded from base earnings (US$)                                                    (39)                    (36)              (13)                 (114)               (126)
    Net earnings from continuing operations (US$)2                              $               225 $                   200 $             182       $           597 $                430

    Base earnings (loss) (C$)1                                                  $               359 $                   324 $             262       $           969 $                745
    Net earnings from continuing operations (C$)2                               $               307 $                   274 $             244       $           814 $                575
                          2
    Net flows (US$)
      Empower Defined Contribution3                                             $          (13,746) $               (3,757) $           (6,976) $            (24,522) $            2,700
      Empower Personal Wealth                                                                 2,363                  1,614               1,881                 5,263                6,866
      Asset Management                                                                       (1,495)                  (643)             (1,486)               (3,938)              (2,782)
    Net flows (US$)2                                                            $          (12,878) $               (2,786) $           (6,581) $            (23,197) $            6,784
                      2
    Net flows (C$)                                                              $          (17,514) $               (3,817) $           (8,818) $            (31,501) $            9,186

    Fee and other income (US$)




                                                                                                                                                                                              PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
      Empower Defined Contribution                                              $               655 $                   659 $             569       $         1,914 $              1,687
      Empower Personal Wealth                                                                   130                     120               104                   368                  289
      Asset Management                                                                           19                      23                20                    63                   62
      Corporate                                                                                  —                        1                —                         3                 —
    Fee and other income (US$)                                                  $               804 $                   803 $             693       $         2,348 $              2,038
    Fee and other income (C$)                                                   $             1,094 $                1,099 $              928       $         3,194 $              2,736

    Total assets (US$)                                                          $         242,010 $               233,467 $           218,344
      Continuing operations - other assets under
      management2                                                                           99,756                 94,081             100,045
      Discontinued operations - other assets under
      management2                                                                                 —                       —           112,519
    Total assets under management1                                                        341,766                 327,548             430,908
      Other assets under administration2                                                1,503,158              1,382,648            1,144,242
    Total assets under administration (US$)1                                    $       1,844,924 $            1,710,196 $          1,575,150
    Total assets under administration (C$)1                                     $       2,490,648 $            2,342,969 $          2,142,204
1
     This metric is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details.
2
     Refer to the "Glossary" section of this document for additional details on the composition of this measure.
3
     Results for the periods ended September 30, 2024 do not include $54.4 billion (US$40.0 billion) in transfers related to the Plan Management Corporation (PMC) acquisition.
     Note: The United States segment does not have a material CSM balance.

Base earnings and net earnings from continuing operations
In the third quarter of 2024, net earnings from continuing operations increased by US$43 million to US$225 million compared
to the same quarter last year. Base earnings of US$264 million increased by US$69 million in the third quarter of 2024 when
compared to the same quarter last year, primarily due to an increase in fee income driven by growth in the business and higher
equity markets as well as higher earnings on surplus assets. This was partially offset by higher crediting rates resulting in lower
spreads as well as higher operating expenses attributed to growth in the business.
Items excluded from base earnings were negative US$39 million in the third quarter of 2024 compared to negative US$13
million for the same quarter last year, primarily due to unfavourable actuarial assumption changes (refer to the "Assumption
Changes and Management Actions" section of this document for additional details) and the non-recurrence of favourable
hedge ineffectiveness related to the Guaranteed Lifetime Withdrawal Benefit in the prior year, partially offset by the non-
recurrence of integration expenses associated with the Prudential acquisition in the prior year.




                                                                                                  Great-West Lifeco Inc. Third Quarter 2024 Management's Discussion and Analysis         18


                                     P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                            B  19
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis


                                  For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, net earnings from continuing operations increased by US$167 million to
                                  US$597 million compared to the same period last year. Base earnings of US$711 million increased by US$155 million compared
                                  to the same period last year, primarily due to the same reasons discussed for the in-quarter results.
                                  For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, items excluded from base earnings were negative US$114 million compared to
                                  negative US$126 million for the same period last year, primarily due to the non-recurrence of a 2023 provision related to
                                  Empower's sale of substantially all of its individual life and annuity business in 2019. This was partially offset by the same
                                  reasons discussed for the in-quarter results.
                                  Net flows
                                  In the third quarter of 2024, net outflows were US$12.9 billion, compared to net outflows of US$6.6 billion for the same quarter
                                  last year. The current year period excludes US$40 billion in net transfers related to the PMC acquisition. The increase in net
                                  outflows was primarily due to net higher value participant redemptions of assets under administration in Empower Defined
                                  Contribution. Average account balances of participants have increased due to market growth over the past year, resulting in
                                  increased distributions, which have outpaced contributions. The number of participants at the end of the third quarter of 2024
                                  has increased from the end of the third quarter of 2023 and from the end of the second quarter of 2024.
                                  For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, net outflows were US$23.2 billion compared to net inflows of US$6.8 billion for
                                  the same period last year, primarily due to the same reasons discussed for the in-quarter results as well as a large plan
                                  termination in the first quarter of 2024. Large plan sales and terminations can be highly variable from period to period and tend
                                  to result in lower margins but nonetheless contribute to covering fixed overhead costs.
                                  Fee and other income
                                  Fee income is derived primarily from assets under management, assets under administration, shareholder servicing fees,
                                  administration and recordkeeping services, investment advisory services, investment management fees, performance fees,
                                  transfer agency and other service fees, as well as underwriting and distribution fees.




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  Fee and other income for the third quarter of 2024 of US$804 million increased by US$111 million compared to the same
                                  quarter last year. The increase was primarily driven by higher equity market levels and overall growth in the business.
                                  For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, fee and other income of US$2,348 million increased by US$310 million
                                  compared to the same period last year. The increase was primarily due to the same reasons discussed for the in-quarter results
                                  and adjustments related to Prudential fee income.

                                  Europe
                                  The Europe segment is comprised of three distinct business units: Workplace Solutions, Individual Wealth & Asset
                                  Management and Insurance & Annuities. The segment serves customers in the United Kingdom (U.K.), Ireland and Germany.
                                  The Company operates under the Canada Life brand in the U.K. and Germany and under the Irish Life brand in Ireland along
                                  with other acquired brands within the broker market in Ireland.
                                  2024 Developments
                                  •   In the third quarter of 2024, Canada Life U.K. wrote two large bulk annuity sales, aggregating to $1.1 billion, the biggest
                                      single quarter since the third quarter of 2021.
                                  •   Irish Life' s digital portal, MyIrishLife, received Silver in the Best Search Campaign category at the Ashville Media Group
                                      Digital Media Awards in Ireland, a testament to Irish Life's innovative lead generation efforts. This prestigious award, open
                                      to applications across sectors, underscores the competitive edge and broad appeal of MyIrishLife.
                                  •   Subsequent to the third quarter of 2024, on October 21, 2024, Irish Life Health announced the launch of three Minor Injury
                                      Clinics newly branded as Irish Life Health ExpressCare clinics with medical services provided by a third party. This will
                                      continue Irish Life's Future of Health proposition work and connects Irish Life's digital services with these physical
                                      locations. This demonstrates Irish Life's vision to be the driving force of Ireland’s financial, physical and mental well-being.




                                                                                                            Great-West Lifeco Inc. Third Quarter 2024 Management's Discussion and Analysis   19


                                       B  20                                     P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
Management's Discussion and Analysis



Selected Financial Information - Europe
                                                                                             For the three months ended                                For the nine months ended
                                                                                    Sept. 30                 June 30               Sept. 30             Sept. 30          Sept. 30
                                                                                     2024                     2024                  2023                 2024              2023
    Base earnings (loss)1
      Workplace Solutions                                                      $                 47 $                    68 $                 53   $           158 $                 171
      Individual Wealth & Asset Management                                                       49                      44                   59               136                   118
      Insurance & Annuities                                                                      93                      93                   93               285                   305
      Corporate                                                                                   6                       1                    1                19                    (30)
    Base earnings (loss)1                                                      $                195 $                  206 $              206      $           598 $                 564
      Items excluded from base earnings                                                          (80)                     (5)             (181)                 (95)                (397)
    Net earnings - common shareholders                                         $                115 $                  201 $                  25   $           503 $                 167
         2
    Sales
      Workplace Solutions                                                      $               381 $                   389 $               568     $         1,181 $                1,747
      Individual Wealth & Asset Management                                                   9,499                   8,401               5,270              23,204                 18,687
      Insurance & Annuities                                                                  1,539                     716               1,421               3,815                  2,635
    Net cash flows2
      Workplace Solutions                                                      $               282 $                   147 $              510      $           838 $                1,197
      Individual Wealth & Asset Management                                                   3,759                   2,856                363                7,804                  4,494
      Insurance & Annuities                                                                     20                       1                 21                   41                     63
    Net cash flows2                                                            $             4,061 $                 3,004 $              894      $         8,683 $                5,754
    Fee and other income




                                                                                                                                                                                              PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
       Workplace Solutions                                                     $                 62 $                   59 $               38 $                172 $                 153
       Individual Wealth & Asset Management                                                     163                    153                153                  467                   422
       Insurance & Annuities and Corporate                                                        4                      5                  (1)                 15                     1
    Fee and other income                                                       $                229 $                  217 $              190      $           654 $                 576
                                                       2
    Group life and health book premiums                                        $             2,613 $                 2,499 $             2,348

    Total assets                                                               $          221,707 $              208,588 $            182,742
      Other assets under management2                                                       75,679                 69,755               56,300
    Total assets under management1                                                        297,386                278,343              239,042
      Other assets under administration2,3                                                 14,006                  13,213              11,579
    Total assets under administration1                                         $          311,392 $              291,556 $            250,621

    Contractual service margin
      Insurance & Annuities - Non-Participating                                $             3,713 $                 3,337 $             3,104
      Individual Wealth & Asset Management - Segregated
         Funds                                                                               1,564                   1,453               1,323
    Contractual service margin                                                 $             5,277 $                 4,790 $             4,427
1
     This metric is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details.
2
     Refer to the "Glossary" section of this document for additional details on the composition of this measure.
3
     At September 30, 2024, other assets under administration excludes $17.8 billion of assets managed for other business units within the Lifeco group of companies ($16.1 billion at
     June 30, 2024 and $11.3 billion at September 30, 2023).

Base and net earnings
In the third quarter of 2024, the Europe segment's net earnings of $115 million increased by $90 million compared to the same
quarter last year. Base earnings of $195 million decreased by $11 million compared to the same quarter last year, primarily due
to unfavourable group mortality experience in the U.K., a change to certain tax estimates from the prior year in Germany that
did not repeat and a higher effective tax rate due to the implementation of the GMT. These items were partially offset by higher
fee income in the U.K. and Ireland as well as favourable impacts of trading activity in the U.K.
Items excluded from base earnings for the third quarter of 2024 were negative $80 million compared to negative $181 million
for the same quarter last year. Market experience relative to expectations was negative $23 million compared to negative $128
million for the same quarter last year, primarily due to reductions in commercial property values in the prior year that did not
repeat. Assumption changes and management actions were negative $51 million compared to negative $37 million for the
same period last year. Refer to the "Assumption Changes and Management Actions" section of this document for additional
details.



                                                                                                  Great-West Lifeco Inc. Third Quarter 2024 Management's Discussion and Analysis         20


                                     P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                            B  21
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis


                                  For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, net earnings of $503 million increased by $336 million compared to the same
                                  period last year. Base earnings of $598 million increased by $34 million compared to the same period last year, primarily due to
                                  higher CSM recognized for services provided, growth in surplus income and higher fee income. These items were partially
                                  offset by unfavourable group experience in the U.K., a change to certain tax estimates from the prior year in Germany that did
                                  not repeat and a higher effective tax rate due to the implementation of the GMT.
                                  For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, items excluded from base earnings were negative $95 million compared to
                                  negative $397 million for the same period last year. Market experience relative to expectations was negative $27 million
                                  compared to negative $183 million for the same quarter last year, primarily due to the same reasons discussed for the in-
                                  quarter results. Prior year results included realized OCI losses of $121 million that did not repeat related to asset rebalancing in
                                  the surplus account. Assumption changes and management actions were negative $53 million compared to negative $33
                                  million for the same period last year. Refer to the "Assumption Changes and Management Actions" section of this document for
                                  additional details.
                                  For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the impact of the GMT was negative $28 million on net earnings and negative
                                  $32 million on base earnings.
                                  Sales
                                  Individual wealth and asset management sales for the third quarter of 2024 of $9,499 million increased by $4,229 million
                                  compared to the same quarter last year, primarily due to higher institutional management sales in Ireland driven by a large
                                  client rebalancing and strategic asset allocation decision and the impact of currency movement. Insurance and annuities sales
                                  for the third quarter of 2024 of $1,539 million increased by $118 million compared to the same quarter last year, primarily due
                                  to strong bulk annuity sales and the impact of currency movement, partially offset by lower individual annuity sales due to
                                  pricing competition in the market. Workplace Solutions sales for the third quarter of 2024 of $381 million decreased by $187
                                  million compared to the same quarter last year, primarily due to lower pension sales in Ireland.
                                  For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, individual wealth and asset management sales of $23,204 million increased by




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  $4,517 million compared to the same period last year, primarily due to the same reasons discussed for the in-quarter results.
                                  Insurance and annuities sales for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 of $3,815 million increased by $1,180 million
                                  compared to the same period last year, primarily due to strong bulk annuity sales and the impact of currency movement,
                                  partially offset by lower individual annuity and equity release mortgage sales. Workplace Solutions sales for the nine months
                                  ended September 30, 2024 of $1,181 million decreased by $566 million compared to the same period last year, primarily due to
                                  lower pension sales in Ireland partly offset by the impact of currency movement.
                                  Group life and health book premiums
                                  Group life and health book premiums at September 30, 2024 were $2.6 billion, an increase of $114 million compared to June 30,
                                  2024, primarily due to growth of in-force business and the impact of currency movement.
                                  Net cash flows
                                  In the third quarter of 2024, net cash inflows were $4.1 billion compared to net cash inflows of $0.9 billion for the same quarter
                                  last year. The increase was primarily due to higher institutional management sales in Ireland mainly driven by a large client
                                  rebalancing and strategic asset allocation decision and the impact of currency movement, partially offset by lower net inflows
                                  in Workplace Solutions driven by reduced pension sales in Ireland.
                                  For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, net cash inflows were $8.7 billion compared to net cash inflows of $5.8 billion
                                  for the same period last year. The increase was primarily due to the same reasons discussed for the in-quarter results.
                                  Fee and other income
                                  Fee and other income for the third quarter of 2024 of $229 million increased by $39 million compared to the same quarter last
                                  year, primarily due to higher management fees from higher average assets under administration.
                                  For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, fee and other income of $654 million increased by $78 million compared to the
                                  same period last year, primarily due to the same reason discussed for the in-quarter results.
                                  Contractual service margin
                                  Contractual service margin at September 30, 2024 of $5,277 million increased by $487 million compared to June 30, 2024,
                                  primarily due to strong contributions of CSM from new business for non-participating products, positive actuarial assumption
                                  changes, higher market impacts from reduction in interest rates and higher fund prices as well as the impact of currency
                                  movement. Refer to the "Assumption Changes and Management Actions" section of this document for additional details on the
                                  impact of actuarial assumption changes on CSM.




                                                                                                            Great-West Lifeco Inc. Third Quarter 2024 Management's Discussion and Analysis   21


                                       B  22                                     P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
Management's Discussion and Analysis



Capital and Risk Solutions
The Capital and Risk Solutions segment includes Lifeco's reinsurance business and an allocation of a portion of Lifeco's
corporate results. Capital and Risk Solutions also includes the results for the Company's legacy international businesses.
At Lifeco, the Capital and Risk Solutions offerings are generally included in the Insurance & Risk Solutions value driver. The
segment's surplus earnings and an allocation of corporate capital are included in Corporate.
2024 Developments
•       The Capital and Risk Solutions segment continued to grow by providing tailored solutions to customers while increasing
        diversification within the portfolio. In 2024, the Capital and Risk Solutions segment continues to expand its international
        presence in targeted new markets, while continuing to focus on core markets and product expansion in Europe and the US.
        During the third quarter of 2024, the Company entered into numerous transactions, primarily in the structured products
        segment, including two transactions in Australia.
•       The Company offers property catastrophe coverage to reinsurance companies and as a result, the Company is exposed to
        potential claims arising from major weather events and other catastrophic events, primarily hurricanes, windstorms and
        earthquakes. Current preliminary estimates of insured losses arising from recent catastrophe events do not reach the level
        where any significant claims would be anticipated. In addition, the Company continues to monitor potential impacts of
        recent geopolitical conflicts, which are not expected to have a material effect on results.
Selected Financial Information - Capital and Risk Solutions
                                                                                            For the three months ended                              For the nine months ended
                                                                                   Sept. 30                 June 30               Sept. 30           Sept. 30            Sept. 30
                                                                                    2024                     2024                  2023               2024                2023
    Base earnings (loss)1




                                                                                                                                                                                          PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
      Reinsurance                                                             $                200 $                  184 $              195    $             579 $                546
      Corporate                                                                                 10                      6                  3                   16                   12
    Base earnings (loss)1                                                     $                210 $                  190 $              198    $             595 $                558
      Items excluded from base earnings                                                       (201)                    (35)               67                 (171)                  60
    Net earnings - common shareholders                                        $                   9 $                 155 $              265    $             424 $                618

                  2
    Total assets                                                              $             9,302 $                 9,023 $             8,483

    Contractual service margin
      Reinsurance - Non-Participating                                         $             2,284 $                 1,702 $             1,735
      Reinsurance - Participating                                                               1                      23                  24
    Contractual service margin                                                $             2,285 $                 1,725 $             1,759

1
     This metric is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details.
2
     The Capital and Risk Solutions segment does not have assets under management or other assets under administration.

Base and net earnings
In the third quarter of 2024, the Capital and Risk Solutions segment's net earnings of $9 million decreased by $256 million
compared to the same quarter last year. Base earnings of $210 million increased by $12 million compared to the same quarter
last year as favourable claims experience in the U.S. life business and higher earnings on surplus were partially offset by the
impact of the GMT.
Items excluded from base earnings for the third quarter of 2024 were negative $201 million compared to positive $67 million for
the same quarter last year. Third quarter of 2024 items excluded from base earnings of negative $201 million primarily reflect
the net impact of annuity and life business assumption updates, partially offset by market movements. Assumption updates
also resulted in an increase to the contractual service margin from non-participating products of $481 million which will be
reflected into base earnings as CSM is recognized for services provided. Refer to the "Assumption Changes and Management
Actions" section of this document for additional details.
For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, net earnings of $424 million decreased by $194 million compared to the same
period last year. Base earnings of $595 million increased by $37 million compared to the same period last year as growth in the
structured business, higher earnings on surplus and improved experience, primarily driven by the U.S. life business, were
partially offset by the impact of the GMT.
For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, items excluded from base earnings were negative $171 million compared to
positive $60 million for the same period last year due to the same reasons discussed for the in-quarter results.




                                                                                                 Great-West Lifeco Inc. Third Quarter 2024 Management's Discussion and Analysis      22


                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                            B  23
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis


                                  For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the impact of the GMT was negative $60 million on net earnings and negative
                                  $77 million on base earnings, primarily related to operations in Barbados.
                                  Contractual service margin
                                  Contractual service margin at September 30, 2024 was $2,285 million, an increase of $560 million compared to June 30, 2024,
                                  primarily due to actuarial assumption changes, new business and the impact of currency movement, partially offset by CSM
                                  recognized for services provided. Refer to the "Assumption Changes and Management Actions" section of this document for
                                  additional details on the impact of actuarial assumption changes on CSM.

                                  Lifeco Corporate
                                  The Lifeco Corporate segment includes operating results for activities of Lifeco that are not associated with the major business
                                  units of the Company.
                                  Selected Financial Information - Lifeco Corporate
                                                                                                                           For the three months ended                                     For the nine months ended
                                                                                                                  Sept. 30                 June 30                Sept. 30                 Sept. 30         Sept. 30
                                                                                                                   2024                     2024                   2023                     2024             2023
                                      Base earnings (loss)1                                                  $                (20) $                   (4) $              (12)        $            (26) $           (28)
                                        Items excluded from base earnings                                                     (12)                     44                   —                        32               (8)
                                      Net earnings (loss) - common shareholders                              $                (32) $                   40 $               (12)        $               6 $           (36)

                                  1
                                       This metric is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details.

                                  In the third quarter of 2024, Lifeco Corporate had a net loss of $32 million compared to a net loss of $12 million for the same
                                  period last year. Base loss of $20 million increased by $8 million compared to the same quarter last year, primarily due to higher




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  performance-related expenses.
                                  Items excluded from base earnings for the third quarter of 2024 were negative $12 million compared to nil for the same quarter
                                  last year, primarily due to unfavourable market experience relative to expectations.
                                  For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, Lifeco Corporate had net earnings of $6 million compared to a net loss of $36
                                  million for the same period last year. Base loss of $26 million decreased by $2 million compared to the same period last year,
                                  primarily due to higher earnings on surplus, partially offset by higher performance-related expenses.
                                  For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, items excluded from base earnings were positive $32 million compared to
                                  negative $8 million for the same period last year. The increase was primarily due to the finalization of a prior year reinsurance
                                  recapture transaction in the second quarter of 2024 and less unfavourable market experience relative to expectations.




                                                                                                                                Great-West Lifeco Inc. Third Quarter 2024 Management's Discussion and Analysis          23


                                           B  24                                                     P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
Management's Discussion and Analysis



Consolidated Financial Position

Assets
    Assets under administration1
                                                                                                            United                                Capital and
                                                                                    Canada                  States                 Europe        Risk Solutions              Total
    As at September 30, 2024
    Assets
       Invested assets                                                        $           95,594       $         86,947       $       45,453     $           9,058     $           237,052
       Insurance contract assets                                                             435                    303                  345                    88                   1,171
       Reinsurance contract held assets                                                    1,217                 12,656                3,848                   122                  17,843
       Goodwill and intangible assets                                                      6,622                  6,262                3,088                    —                   15,972
       Other assets                                                                        5,657                 16,137                4,019                    34                  25,847
       Investments on account of segregated fund
          policyholders                                                                 112,493                204,409               164,954                     —                 481,856
    Total assets                                                                        222,018                326,714               221,707                 9,302                 779,741
      Other assets under management2                                                     14,092                134,671                75,679                    —                  224,442
    Total assets under management1                                                      236,110                461,385               297,386                 9,302           1,004,183
      Other assets under administration2                                                 62,832              2,029,263                14,006                    —            2,106,101
    Total assets under administration1                                        $         298,942        $     2,490,648        $      311,392     $           9,302     $     3,110,284

    As at December 31, 2023
    Assets
       Invested assets                                                        $           89,382       $         86,715       $       41,981     $           8,732     $           226,810




                                                                                                                                                                                             PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
       Insurance contract assets                                                             400                    291                  331                   171                   1,193
       Reinsurance contract held assets                                                    1,243                 12,243                3,713                   133                  17,332
       Goodwill and intangible assets                                                      6,545                  6,151                3,037                    —                   15,733
       Other assets                                                                        4,964                 16,192                3,531                    52                  24,739
       Assets held for sale3                                                                    —                  4,467                    —                    —                   4,467
       Investments on account of segregated fund
          policyholders                                                                 101,250                179,770               141,936                     —                 422,956
    Total assets                                                                        203,784                305,829               194,529                 9,088                 713,230
      Continuing operations - other assets under
        management2                                                                       13,056               143,997                63,525                     —                 220,578
      Discontinued operations - other assets under
         management2,4                                                                          —              161,566                      —                    —                 161,566
    Total assets under management1                                                      216,840                611,392               258,054                 9,088           1,095,374
      Other assets under administration2                                                  55,635             1,689,455                12,076                     —           1,757,166
    Total assets under administration1                                        $         272,475        $     2,300,847        $      270,130     $           9,088     $     2,852,540

1
     This metric is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details.
2
     Refer to the "Glossary" section of this document for additional details on the composition of this measure.
3
     On May 31, 2023, Lifeco announced an agreement to sell Putnam Investments to Franklin Templeton. Beginning Q2 2023, the related assets were classified as assets held for sale. The
     transaction closed on January 1, 2024.
4
     At Q4 2023, other assets under management related to Putnam Investments were classified as discontinued operations - other assets under management.

Total assets under administration at September 30, 2024 exceeded $3.0 trillion for the first time increasing by $257.7 billion
compared to December 31, 2023, primarily due to the impact of equity market movement as well as currency movement in the
U.S. and Europe segments, partially offset by the divestiture of Putnam Investments.
Invested Assets
The Company manages its general fund assets to support the cash flow, liquidity and profitability requirements of the
Company's insurance and investment products. The Company's investment policies are designed to be prudent and
conservative, so that assets are not unduly exposed to concentration, credit or market risks. Within the framework of the
Company’s policies, the Company implements strategies and reviews and adjusts them on an ongoing basis considering
liability cash flows and capital market conditions. The majority of investments of the general fund are in medium-term and
long-term fixed-income investments, primarily bonds and mortgages, reflecting the characteristics of the Company’s liabilities.




                                                                                                  Great-West Lifeco Inc. Third Quarter 2024 Management's Discussion and Analysis        24


                                     P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                            B  25
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis



                                  Bond portfolio
                                  It is the Company's policy to acquire primarily investment grade bonds subject to prudent and well-defined investment
                                  policies. Modest investments in below investment grade rated securities may occur while not changing the overall discipline
                                  and conservative approach to the investment strategy. The total bond portfolio, including short-term investments, was $162.1
                                  billion or 68% of invested assets at September 30, 2024 compared to $157.1 billion or 69% at December 31, 2023. The increase
                                  in the bond portfolio was primarily due to an increase in fair values resulting from a decrease in bond yields across all
                                  geographies. The overall quality of the bond portfolio remained high, with 98% of the portfolio rated investment grade and 69%
                                  rated A or higher.
                                  Bond credit ratings reflect bond rating agency activity up to September 30, 2024. Management continues to closely monitor
                                  bond rating agency activity and general market conditions.
                                      Bond portfolio quality
                                                                                                                                        As at September 30, 2024                          As at December 31, 2023
                                         AAA                                                                                        $          23,238                     14 % $              24,298            15 %
                                         AA                                                                                                    31,021                     19                  31,435            20
                                         A                                                                                                     58,497                     36                  54,807            35
                                         BBB                                                                                                   46,939                     29                  44,811            29
                                         BB or lower                                                                                             2,407                      2                     1,700         1
                                      Total                                                                                         $        162,102                     100 % $                157,051       100 %

                                  Mortgage portfolio
                                  It is the Company’s practice to acquire high quality commercial mortgages meeting strict underwriting standards and
                                  diversification criteria. The Company has a well-defined risk-rating system, which it uses in its underwriting and credit
                                  monitoring processes for commercial loans. The majority of the commercial mortgages held in the Europe segment are




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  classified as amortized cost and therefore there are no fair value movements recorded on these holdings. Equity release
                                  mortgages are originated in the Europe segment following well-defined lending criteria and held in the Canada, Europe and
                                  Capital and Risk Solutions segments. Equity release mortgages are loans provided to people who want to continue living in
                                  their homes while accessing some of the underlying equity value in their homes. Loans are typically repaid when the borrower
                                  dies or moves into long-term care.

                                                                                                                As at September 30, 2024                                           As at December 31, 2023
                                      Mortgage loans by type                              Insured1              Non-insured         Total                                           Total
                                        Single family residential                    $              280     $              1,054        $             1,334                   3% $       1,511           4%
                                        Multi-family residential                                  2,515                    6,880                      9,395                  24          9,372          24
                                        Equity release                                               —                     4,865                      4,865                  12          4,203          11
                                         Commercial                                                   —                   23,891                    23,891                   61                  23,328        61
                                      Total                                          $            2,795     $             36,690        $           39,485                 100 % $               38,414       100 %

                                  1
                                       Insured mortgages include mortgages where insurance is provided by a third party and protects the Company in the event that the borrower is unable to fulfill their mortgage
                                       obligations.

                                  The total mortgage portfolio was $39.5 billion or 17% of invested assets at September 30, 2024, compared to $38.4 billion or 17%
                                  of invested assets at December 31, 2023. At September 30, 2024, total insured loans were $2.8 billion or 7% of the mortgage
                                  portfolio, compared to $2.9 billion or 8% at December 31, 2023.
                                  Derivative Financial Instruments
                                  During the third quarter of 2024, there were no major changes to the Company's policies and procedures with respect to the
                                  use of derivative financial instruments. The Company’s derivative transactions are generally governed by the International
                                  Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (ISDA) Master Agreement, which provide for legally enforceable set-off and close-out
                                  netting of exposure to specific counterparties in the event of an early termination of a transaction, which includes, but is not
                                  limited to, events of default and bankruptcy. In the event of an early termination, the Company is permitted to set off
                                  receivables from a counterparty against payables to the same counterparty, in the same legal entity, arising out of all included
                                  transactions. The Company’s ISDA Master Agreement may include Credit Support Annex provisions, which require both the
                                  pledging and accepting of collateral in connection with its derivative transactions.
                                  At September 30, 2024, total financial collateral, including initial margin and overcollateralization, received on derivative assets
                                  was $1.6 billion ($1.7 billion at December 31, 2023) and pledged on derivative liabilities was $1.6 billion ($0.8 billion at
                                  December 31, 2023). Collateral received on derivatives assets decreased and collateral pledged on derivatives liabilities
                                  increased in 2024, primarily driven by the impact of the U.S. dollar strengthening against the Canadian dollar on cross-
                                  currency swaps that pay U.S. and receive Canadian dollars.

                                                                                                                             Great-West Lifeco Inc. Third Quarter 2024 Management's Discussion and Analysis         25


                                              B  26                                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
Management's Discussion and Analysis


During the nine-month period ended September 30, 2024, the outstanding notional amount of derivative contracts increased
by $6.9 billion to $58.8 billion, primarily due to increases in volume of regular hedging activities.
The Company’s exposure to derivative counterparty credit risk, which reflects the current fair value of those instruments in a
gain position, decreased to $1.9 billion at September 30, 2024 from $2.2 billion at December 31, 2023. The decrease was
primarily driven by the impact of the U.S. dollar strengthening against the Canadian dollar on cross-currency swaps that pay
U.S. and receive Canadian dollars. There were no changes to derivative counterparty ratings during the third quarter of 2024
and all had investment grade ratings as of September 30, 2024.

Liabilities

    Total Liabilities
                                                                                                                                  As at September 30,
                                                                                                                                          2024             As at December 31, 2023
    Insurance contract liabilities                                                                                           $                 153,349     $              144,388
    Investment contract liabilities                                                                                                             87,631                     88,919
    Reinsurance contract held liabilities                                                                                                          830                         648
    Other general fund liabilities                                                                                                              24,764                     24,061
    Liabilities held for sale1                                                                                                                      —                               2,407
    Insurance contracts on account of segregated fund policyholders                                                                             65,226                             60,302
    Investment contracts on account of segregated fund policyholders                                                                           416,630                            362,654
    Total                                                                                                                    $                 748,430     $                      683,379
1
     On May 31, 2023, Lifeco announced an agreement to sell Putnam Investments to Franklin Templeton. Beginning Q2 2023, the related liabilities were classified as liabilities held for
     sale. The transaction closed on January 1, 2024.




                                                                                                                                                                                                PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
Total liabilities increased by $65.1 billion to $748.4 billion at September 30, 2024 from December 31, 2023.
Insurance contract liabilities increased by $9.0 billion. The increase was primarily due to market movements and the impact of
currency movements.
Investment contract liabilities decreased by $1.3 billion. The decrease was primarily due to normal business movements,
partially offset by market movements and the impact of currency movements.
Other general fund liabilities increased by $0.7 billion. The increase was primarily due to increases in other liabilities and
derivative financial instruments.
Investment and insurance contracts on account of segregated fund policyholders increased by $58.9 billion, primarily due to
the combined impact of market value gains and investment income of $48.3 billion and the positive impact of currency
movement of $9.3 billion.
Insurance and investment contract liabilities represent the amounts that, together with estimated future premiums and
investment income, will be sufficient to pay estimated future benefits, dividends and expenses on policies in-force. Insurance
and investment contract liabilities are determined using generally accepted actuarial practices, according to standards
established by the Canadian Institute of Actuaries. Also, refer to the "Summary of Critical Accounting Estimates" section of the
Company's Annual MD&A for the period ended December 31, 2023 for additional information.




                                                                                                 Great-West Lifeco Inc. Third Quarter 2024 Management's Discussion and Analysis            26


                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                             B  27
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis



                                  Insurance Contract Liabilities and Assets
                                      Insurance contract liabilities and assets1
                                                                                                           Insurance contracts not under PAA method
                                                                                           Estimates of                Risk                                                                                            Total net
                                                                                          present value           adjustment for                                                             Contracts                insurance
                                                                                          of future cash           non-financial  Contractual                                               under PAA                  contract
                                                                                               flows                   risk      service margin                          Total                method                  liabilities
                                      As at September 30, 2024
                                      Canada                                             $            103,223 $                 1,844 $                 5,678 $             110,745 $                    9,675 $           120,420
                                      United States                                                    19,157                     136                     277                19,570                          2              19,572
                                      Europe                                                           44,974                   1,092                   5,277                51,343                      3,859              55,202
                                      Capital and Risk Solutions                                          572                   2,084                   2,285                 4,941                        256               5,197
                                      Total                                              $            167,926 $                 5,156 $               13,517 $              186,599 $                13,792 $              200,391

                                      As at December 31, 2023
                                      Canada                                             $             95,943 $                 1,935 $                 5,872 $             103,750 $                    9,267 $           113,017
                                      United States                                                    18,187                     136                     276                18,599                          1              18,600
                                      Europe                                                           40,615                   1,064                   4,718                46,397                      3,614              50,011
                                      Capital and Risk Solutions                                        1,029                   2,162                   1,769                 4,960                        225               5,185
                                      Total                                              $            155,774 $                 5,297 $               12,635 $              173,706 $                13,107 $              186,813

                                  1
                                       Insurance contract liabilities and assets presented in the above tables also include insurance contracts on account of segregated fund policyholders and reinsurance contract held
                                       assets and liabilities.

                                  At September 30, 2024, total net insurance contract liabilities were $200.4 billion, an increase of $13.6 billion from




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  December 31, 2023. The increase in net insurance contract liabilities was primarily due to market movements and the impact of
                                  currency movements, partially offset by normal business movements.
                                  Contractual Service Margin
                                  The CSM of a group of insurance contracts represents the unearned profit that the Company expects to recognize in the future
                                  as it provides services under those contracts. On initial recognition of a group of insurance contracts, if the total of the
                                  fulfilment cash flows, any derecognized assets for insurance acquisition cash flows and any cash flows arising at that date is a
                                  net inflow, then the group is classified as non-onerous. For non-onerous contracts, the CSM is measured as the equal and
                                  opposite amount of the net inflow, which results in no income or expenses arising on initial recognition.
                                  If the total is a net outflow, then the group of insurance contracts is onerous. In this case, the net outflow is recognized as a loss
                                  in the current period. A loss component is created to depict any losses recognized in the current period, which determines the
                                  amounts that are subsequently recognized in future periods as reversals on onerous groups.

                                      Contractual service margin continuity1
                                                                                              Non-Participating (excluding Segregated Funds)
                                                                                                                                             Capital
                                                                                                           United                           and Risk
                                                                                        Canada             States             Europe        Solutions             Total          Seg Funds                Par              Total
                                      CSM beginning of period,                      $        1,159     $          24      $     3,255      $       1,745      $       6,183      $       3,298       $     3,154       $    12,635
                                      December 31, 2023
                                        Impact of new insurance business                       28                 —                295                 66                389               128                  86             603
                                        Expected movements from asset                          23                 —                  58                33                114               177                  142            433
                                          returns & locked-in rates
                                        CSM recognized for services                            (85)                 (4)           (209)              (126)              (424)              (307)            (114)              (845)
                                           provided
                                        Insurance experience gains/losses                      (47)                 (2)             (22)                (7)              (78)              (102)                 —             (180)
                                      Organic CSM movement                          $          (81) $               (6) $          122     $           (34) $               1    $         (104) $              114    $            11
                                        Impact of markets                                       —                 —                  —                  —                  —               297                  117            414
                                        Impact of changes in assumptions                      (372)               35               140                472                275                 12             (181)              106
                                        and management actions
                                        Currency impact                                         —                   1              196                101                298                 49                  4             351
                                      Total CSM movement                            $         (453) $             30      $        458     $          539     $          574     $         254       $          54     $       882
                                      CSM end of period, September
                                      30, 2024                                      $         706      $          54      $     3,713      $       2,284      $       6,757      $       3,552       $     3,208       $    13,517

                                  1
                                       The CSM shown in the above table is presented net of reinsurance contracts held and includes CSM attributed to insurance contract assets and insurance contract liabilities.



                                                                                                                                  Great-West Lifeco Inc. Third Quarter 2024 Management's Discussion and Analysis                     27


                                              B  28                                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
Management's Discussion and Analysis



At September 30, 2024, total contractual service margin on non-participating business excluding segregated funds was $6.8
billion, an increase of $574 million from December 31, 2023. The increase was mainly driven by currency impacts of $298
million, and the impact of assumption changes and management actions of $275 million.
At September 30, 2024, total contractual service margin was $13.5 billion, an increase of $882 million from December 31, 2023.
The increase was mainly driven by impacts of market movements of $414 million, currency impacts of $351 million and the
impact of assumption changes and management actions of $106 million.
Refer to the "Assumption Changes and Management Actions" section of this document for additional details.

Lifeco Capital Structure
In establishing the appropriate mix of capital required to support the operations of the Company and its subsidiaries,
management utilizes a variety of debt, equity and other hybrid instruments considering both the short and long-term capital
needs of the Company.
Debentures and Other Debt Instruments
At September 30, 2024, debentures and other debt instruments increased by $66 million to $9,112 million compared to
December 31, 2023, primarily due to the impact of currency movement.
Share Capital and Surplus
Share capital outstanding at September 30, 2024 was $10,257 million, which comprises $6,037 million of common shares and
$2,720 million of preferred shares and $1,500 million Limited Recourse Capital Notes (LRCN Series 1). Preferred shares
included $2,470 million of non-cumulative First Preferred Shares and $250 million of non-cumulative 5-year rate reset First
Preferred Shares.
The Company renewed its normal course issuer bid (NCIB) effective January 29, 2024 for one year to purchase and cancel up to




                                                                                                                                                                           PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
20,000,000 of its common shares at market prices in order to mitigate the dilutive effect of stock options granted under the
Company's Stock Option Plan and for other capital management purposes. Effective March 5, 2024, the Company entered into
an automatic share purchase plan (ASPP). The ASPP is intended to facilitate repurchases of common shares under the NCIB,
including at times when the Company would ordinarily not be permitted to make purchases due to regulatory restrictions or
self-imposed blackout periods. All purchases of common shares made under the ASPP are included in determining the number
of common shares purchased under the NCIB. Any common shares purchased by the Corporation pursuant to the NCIB will
be cancelled.
During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company repurchased and subsequently cancelled 2,700,000 common
shares under the current NCIB at an average cost per share of $42.32.




                                                                                    Great-West Lifeco Inc. Third Quarter 2024 Management's Discussion and Analysis    28


                       P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                            B  29
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis



                                  Liquidity and Capital Management

                                  Liquidity
                                      Total Liquid Assets

                                                                                                                                             On-balance sheet                   Non-liquid/
                                                                                                                                                  assets                         Pledged                Net liquid assets
                                      As at September 30, 2024
                                      Cash, cash equivalents and short-term bonds
                                        Cash and cash equivalents                                                                            $                 8,887       $                      203   $          8,684
                                        Short-term bonds1                                                                                                      4,751                              167              4,584
                                        Sub-total                                                                                            $                13,638       $                      370   $         13,268

                                      Other assets and marketable securities
                                        Government bonds1                                                                                    $               39,263        $                9,632       $         29,631
                                        Corporate bonds1                                                                                                    118,088                        56,847                 61,241
                                        Stocks                                                                                                               18,470                         5,348                 13,122
                                        Mortgage loans                                                                                                       39,485                        36,690                  2,795
                                        Sub-total                                                                                            $              215,306        $              108,517       $        106,789

                                      Total                                                                                                  $              228,944        $              108,887       $        120,057

                                      As at December 31, 2023
                                      Cash, cash equivalents and short-term bonds




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                        Cash and cash equivalents                                                                            $                 7,742       $                       12   $          7,730
                                        Short-term bonds1                                                                                                      5,876                               —               5,876
                                        Sub-total                                                                                            $                13,618       $                       12   $         13,606

                                      Other assets and marketable securities
                                        Government bonds1                                                                                    $               38,369        $                10,639      $         27,730
                                        Corporate bonds1                                                                                                    112,806                         53,800                59,006
                                        Stocks                                                                                                               15,733                          4,134                11,599
                                        Mortgage loans                                                                                                       38,414                        35,500                  2,914
                                        Sub-total                                                                                            $              205,322        $              104,073       $        101,249

                                      Total                                                                                                  $              218,940        $              104,085       $        114,855

                                  1
                                       Total short-term bonds, government bonds and corporate bonds as at September 30, 2024 was $162.1 billion ($157.1 billion at December 31, 2023). Refer to the consolidated balance
                                       sheet in the Company's September 30, 2024 condensed consolidated interim unaudited financial statements for on-balance sheet bonds amounts.

                                  The Company’s liquidity requirements are largely self-funded, with short-term obligations being met by internal funds and
                                  maintaining levels of liquid investments adequate to meet anticipated liquidity needs. The Company holds cash, cash
                                  equivalents and short-term bonds at the Lifeco holding company level and with the Lifeco consolidated subsidiary companies.
                                  At September 30, 2024, the Company and its operating subsidiaries held liquid cash, cash equivalents and short-term bonds of
                                  $13.3 billion ($13.6 billion at December 31, 2023) and other liquid assets and marketable securities of $106.8 billion ($101.2
                                  billion at December 31, 2023). Included in the cash, cash equivalents and short-term bonds at September 30, 2024 was $1.1
                                  billion ($0.5 billion at December 31, 2023) held at the Lifeco holding company level which includes cash at Great-West Lifeco
                                  U.S. LLC, the Company's U.S. holding company. In addition, the Company maintains committed lines of credit with Canadian
                                  chartered banks for potential unanticipated liquidity needs, if required. Refer to note 6(b) in the Company’s September 30,
                                  2024 condensed consolidated interim unaudited financial statements for additional detail.
                                  The Company does not have a formal common shareholder dividend policy. The Company maintains a target dividend payout
                                  ratio range of 45% to 55% of base earnings that is considered in dividend decisions. Dividends on outstanding common shares
                                  of the Company are declared and paid at the sole discretion of the Board of Directors of the Company. The decision to declare a
                                  dividend on the common shares of the Company takes into account a variety of factors including the level of earnings,
                                  adequacy of capital and availability of cash resources.




                                                                                                                               Great-West Lifeco Inc. Third Quarter 2024 Management's Discussion and Analysis           29


                                              B  30                                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
Management's Discussion and Analysis


As a holding company, the Company’s ability to pay dividends and, in part, its ability to deploy capital is dependent upon the
Company receiving dividends from its operating subsidiaries. The Company’s operating subsidiaries are subject to regulation
in a number of jurisdictions, each of which maintains its own regime for determining the amount of capital that must be held in
connection with the different businesses carried on by the operating subsidiaries. The requirements imposed by the regulators
in any jurisdiction may change from time to time, and thereby impact the ability of the operating subsidiaries to pay dividends
to the Company. In the third quarter of 2024, the Company's main operating subsidiaries made cash payments to the holding
company in the form of dividends in the amount of $0.8 billion which was comparable to the average of the previous four
quarters.
Liquidity risk is assessed and mitigated through prudent product design and contract terms; and by maintaining a high quality,
diversified investment portfolio with sufficient liquidity to meet policyholder and financing obligations under normal and
stress conditions. Refer to the "Liquidity Risk" section of the Company's Annual MD&A for the period ended December 31, 2023
for additional information.

Cash Flows
    Cash flows
                                                                                            For the three months ended                          For the nine months ended
                                                                                                   September 30                                        September 30
                                                                                               2024                        20231                 2024                      20231
    Cash flows relating to the following activities:
    Operations                                                                        $                  963      $                 533     $            2,751     $               3,085
    Financing                                                                                            (593)                      (692)               (1,770)                    (2,952)
    Investment                                                                                            (84)                       (46)                 (403)                      (131)
                                                                                                         286                        (205)                  578                            2
    Effects of changes in exchange rates on cash and cash




                                                                                                                                                                                                PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
       equivalents                                                                                         19                       102                    192                            34
    Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents in the period                                       305                        (103)                  770                            36
    Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period                                                     8,582                       7,429                 8,117                     7,290
    Cash and cash equivalents from continuing and
      discontinued operations, end of period                                          $                8,887      $                7,326    $            8,887     $               7,326
    Cash and cash equivalents from discontinued operations, end
      of period2                                                                                           —                        348                      —                        348
    Cash and cash equivalents from continuing operations,
      end of period                                                                   $                8,887      $                6,978    $            8,887     $               6,978
1
     The Company has reclassified certain comparative figures to conform to the current period's presentation. These classifications had no impact on the equity or net earnings of the
     Company.
2
     On January 1, 2024, Lifeco completed the sale of Putnam Investments to Franklin Templeton. Beginning in Q2 2023, the cash flows related to the discontinued operations have been
     presented separately.

The principal source of funds for the Company on a consolidated basis is cash provided by operating activities, including
insurance revenue, net investment income and fee income. These funds are used primarily to pay policy benefits, policyholder
dividends and claims, as well as operating expenses and commissions. The operations category on the statement of cash flows
also includes transfers and withdrawals by clients that are funded in part by the sale of assets for cash. Cash flows generated by
operations are mainly invested to support future liability cash requirements. Cash flows related to financing activities include
the issuance and repayment of capital instruments and associated dividends and interest payments.
In the third quarter of 2024, cash and cash equivalents increased by $305 million from June 30, 2024. Cash flows provided by
operations during the third quarter of 2024 were $963 million, an increase of $430 million compared to the third quarter of
2023. The increase was primarily due to favourable fair value adjustments, partially offset by net purchases of portfolio
investments in the current quarter compared to net sales of portfolio investments for the same quarter last year as well as lower
net earnings after taxes. Cash flows used by financing activities of $593 million were primarily used for payment of dividends to
common and preferred shareholders. Cash flows used by investment activities were $84 million.
For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, cash and cash equivalents increased by $770 million from December 31, 2023.
Cash flows provided by operations were $2,751 million, a decrease of $334 million compared to the same period last year,
primarily due to lower net sales of portfolio investments, partially offset by higher net earnings after taxes. Cash flows used by
financing activities of $1,770 million were primarily used for the same reasons discussed for the in-quarter results. Cash flows
used by investment activities were $403 million primarily related to the sale of Putnam Investments classified as discontinued
operations.

Commitments/Contractual Obligations
Commitments/contractual obligations have not changed materially from December 31, 2023.

                                                                                                 Great-West Lifeco Inc. Third Quarter 2024 Management's Discussion and Analysis            30


                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                             B  31
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis



                                  Capital Management and Adequacy
                                  The Board of Directors reviews and approves an annual capital plan as well as capital transactions undertaken by management
                                  pursuant to the plan. The capital plan is designed to ensure that the Company maintains adequate capital, taking into account
                                  the Company's strategy, risk profile and business plans. The Company has established policies and procedures designed to
                                  identify, measure and report all material risks. Management is responsible for establishing capital management procedures for
                                  implementing and monitoring the capital plan. In addition to undertaking capital transactions, the Company uses and
                                  provides traditional and structured reinsurance to support capital and risk management.
                                  At the holding company level, the Company monitors the amount of consolidated capital available and the amounts deployed
                                  in its various operating subsidiaries. The amount of capital deployed in any particular company or country is dependent upon
                                  local regulatory requirements as well as the Company’s internal assessment of capital requirements in the context of its
                                  operational risks and requirements and strategic plans. The Company’s practice is to maintain the capitalization of its
                                  regulated operating subsidiaries at a level that will exceed the relevant minimum regulatory capital requirements in the
                                  jurisdictions in which they operate. The capitalization decisions of the Company and its operating subsidiaries also give
                                  consideration to the impact such actions may have on the opinions expressed by various credit rating agencies that provide
                                  financial strength and other ratings to the Company.
                                  In Canada, OSFI has established a regulatory capital adequacy measurement for life insurance companies incorporated under
                                  the Insurance Companies Act (Canada) and their subsidiaries, known as the Life Insurance Capital Adequacy Test (LICAT).
                                  The LICAT Ratio is calculated in accordance with the 2024 OSFI Guideline - Life Insurance Capital Adequacy Test.
                                  The LICAT Ratio compares the regulatory capital resources of a company to its required capital. The required capital is
                                  calibrated so that a life insurer can both withstand severe stress events and support the continuity of existing business. The
                                  LICAT guideline uses a risk-based approach for measuring specific life insurer risks and for aggregating the results to calculate
                                  the amount of a life insurer's capital requirements.




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  OSFI has established a Supervisory Target Total Ratio of 100% and a Supervisory Minimum Total Ratio of 90%. Lifeco's major
                                  Canadian operating subsidiary, Canada Life, is operating well above these supervisory ratios.
                                  Canada Life's consolidated LICAT Ratio at September 30, 2024 was 134%. The LICAT Ratio does not take into account any
                                  impact from $1.1 billion of liquidity at the Lifeco holding company level at September 30, 2024 ($1.0 billion at June 30, 2024).
                                  The following provides a summary of the LICAT information and ratios for Canada Life:

                                      LICAT Ratio
                                                                                                                                                                                               Sept. 30            Dec. 31
                                                                                                                                                                                                2024                2023
                                       Tier 1 Capital                                                                                                                                     $           20,278   $     18,285
                                       Tier 2 Capital                                                                                                                                                  5,288          5,223
                                       Total Available Capital                                                                                                                                        25,566         23,508
                                       Surplus Allowance & Eligible Deposits                                                                                                                           5,277          5,406
                                      Total Capital Resources                                                                                                                             $           30,843   $    28,914

                                      Required Capital                                                                                                                                    $           22,939   $    22,525

                                      Total Ratio (OSFI Supervisory Target = 100%)1                                                                                                                    134 %           128 %
                                  1
                                       Total Ratio (%) = (Total Capital Resources / Required Capital)

                                  The LICAT Ratio increased by six points from 128% at December 31, 2023 to 134% at September 30, 2024. In-quarter growth of
                                  four points from June 30, 2024 was as a result of a two point lift resulting from assumption changes in the period and the
                                  contribution of earnings in the period.
                                  In the U.S, the National Association of Insurance Commissioners has established Risk-Based Capital (RBC) as a regulatory
                                  capital adequacy measurement. Empower, Lifeco’s U.S. operating company, reports its RBC ratio annually to U.S. Insurance
                                  Regulators. The RBC ratio is for information only and is not intended as a means to rank insurers generally or for any other
                                  purpose. The reported December 31, 2023 ratio was 522%. At September 30, 2024, the ratio is estimated to continue to be above
                                  500%.
                                  OSFI Regulatory Capital Initiatives
                                  OSFI will introduce revised capital requirements for Segregated Fund Guarantee Risk with its 2025 LICAT Guideline, effective
                                  January 1, 2025.



                                                                                                                                   Great-West Lifeco Inc. Third Quarter 2024 Management's Discussion and Analysis             31


                                           B  32                                                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
Management's Discussion and Analysis



Return on Equity (ROE)
                                                                                                                                   Sept. 30             June 30               Sept. 30
                                                                                                                                    2024                 2024                  2023
    Base Return on Equity1 by Segment
      Canada                                                                                                                            16.5 %                16.4 %                 16.5 %
      United States                                                                                                                     14.5 %                13.3 %                 11.4 %
      Europe                                                                                                                            16.4 %                17.3 %                 17.3 %
      Capital and Risk Solutions                                                                                                        48.4 %                50.8 %                 44.7 %
    Total Lifeco Base Return on Equity                                                                                                  17.3 %                17.2 %                 16.4 %

    Return on Equity - Continuing Operations2 by Segment
      Canada                                                                                                                            17.4 %                17.0 %                 16.9 %
      United States3                                                                                                                    11.8 %                11.1 %                  8.8 %
      Europe                                                                                                                            14.6 %                13.2 %                  3.0 %
      Capital and Risk Solutions                                                                                                        37.2 %                55.5 %                 37.5 %
    Total Lifeco Return on Equity - Continuing Operations3                                                                              15.6 %                16.2 %                 11.9 %
1
     This metric is a non-GAAP ratio. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details.
2
     Refer to the "Glossary" section of this document for additional details on the composition of this measure.
3
     Comparative results have been restated to exclude amounts related to discontinued operations which were included in error in the corresponding figures presented in the Q4 2023
     MD&A.

The Company has a capital allocation methodology, which allocates financing costs in proportion to allocated capital. For the
Canada, Europe and Capital and Risk Solutions segments (essentially Canada Life), this allocation method generally tracks the
regulatory capital requirements, while for the United States, it tracks the financial statement carrying value of the business




                                                                                                                                                                                                  PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
units. Total leverage capital is consistently allocated across all business units in proportion to total capital resulting in a debt-
to-equity ratio in each business unit consistent with the consolidated Company.
Lifeco's base ROE as at September 30, 2024 increased by 0.9 percentage points compared to the same quarter last year. The
increase was driven by the U.S. and Capital and Risk Solutions segments, for which base ROEs increased by 3.1 and 3.7
percentage points, respectively.
Lifeco's ROE as at September 30, 2024 increased by 3.7 percentage points compared to the same quarter last year, primarily for
the same reasons as discussed for Lifeco's base ROE.

Ratings
Lifeco maintains ratings from five independent ratings companies. Credit ratings1 are intended to provide investors with an
independent measure of the credit quality of a corporation and securities of a corporation and are indicators of the likelihood
of payment and the capacity of a corporation to meet its obligations in accordance with the terms of each obligation.
In the third quarter of 2024, the existing credit ratings for Lifeco and its major operating subsidiaries were unchanged. The
Company continued to receive strong ratings relative to its North American peer group resulting from its conservative risk
profile, stable net earnings and strong capitalization.
For a complete listing of credit ratings for Great-West Lifeco and its major operating subsidiaries, please refer to the "Investor
Relations" section of the Company's website at www.greatwestlifeco.com.




1
     These ratings are not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold the securities of the Company or its subsidiaries and do not address market price or other factors that might determine
     suitability of a specific security for a particular investor. The ratings also may not reflect the potential impact of all risks on the value of securities and are subject to revision or
     withdrawal at any time by the rating agency.


                                                                                                  Great-West Lifeco Inc. Third Quarter 2024 Management's Discussion and Analysis            32


                                     P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                               B  33
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis



                                  Risk Management and Control Practices

                                  The Company’s Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) Framework facilitates the alignment of business strategy with risk
                                  appetite, informs and improves the deployment of capital; and supports the identification, mitigation and management of
                                  exposure to potential losses and risk. The Company’s Risk Function is responsible for developing and maintaining the Risk
                                  Appetite Framework (RAF), the supporting risk policies and risk limit structure, and provides independent risk oversight across
                                  the Company’s operations. The Board of Directors is ultimately accountable and responsible for the Company's risk
                                  governance and associated risk policies. These include the ERM Policy, which establishes the guiding principles of risk
                                  management, and the RAF, which reflects the levels and types of risk that the Company is willing to accept to achieve its
                                  business objectives.
                                  During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, there were no significant changes to the Company's risk management and
                                  control practices. Refer to the Company's 2023 Annual MD&A for a detailed description of the Company's risk management
                                  and control practices.

                                  Exposures and Sensitivities
                                  Insurance and Investment Contract Liabilities
                                  In determining the Company’s insurance contract liabilities, valuation assumptions are made regarding rates of mortality/
                                  morbidity, investment returns, levels of operating expenses, rates of policy termination and rates of utilization of elective policy
                                  options or provisions. When the assumptions are revised to reflect emerging experience or change in outlook, the result is a
                                  change in the value of liabilities which in turn affects the Company’s earnings.
                                  Financial Exposures and Sensitivities
                                  The following table illustrates the approximate impact to the Company’s shareholders' net earnings that would arise as a result




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  of changes to management’s best estimate of certain assumptions. A description of the methodologies used to calculate the
                                  Company's financial risk sensitivities is included in the "Summary of Critical Accounting Estimates" section of the Company's
                                  2023 Annual MD&A. For changes in financial assumptions, the sensitivity is shown net of the corresponding impact on
                                  earnings of the change in the value of liabilities and the value of assets supporting liabilities.
                                  The impact to shareholders' net earnings from an immediate 50 basis point increase or decrease in credit spreads is illustrated
                                  in the table below, with no change to the ultimate illiquidity premium. Actual impacts of credit spread changes will vary
                                  depending on the geographies where the changes occur, and the changes in credit spreads by term. A change in credit spreads
                                  may also lead to a change in the allowance for credit risk within the IFRS 17 discount rate, depending on prevailing market and
                                  credit conditions at the time; any potential earnings impacts that may arise from such a change are not reflected in the
                                  sensitivities below.
                                  On January 1, 2024, the Company completed the sale of Putnam Investments and currently holds approximately 31,600,000
                                  Franklin Templeton shares as part of the consideration, which are classified as fair value through other comprehensive income
                                  (FVOCI). The Company will hold a majority of these shares until at least January 1, 2029.




                                                                                                            Great-West Lifeco Inc. Third Quarter 2024 Management's Discussion and Analysis   33


                                       B  34                                     P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
Management's Discussion and Analysis



    Financial Exposures and Sensitivities
                                                                                 Net earnings                       Equity1                    CSM2                        LICAT3
                                                                             Sept. 30        Dec. 31        Sept. 30        Dec. 31     Sept. 30     Dec. 31       Sept. 30       Dec. 31
                                                                              2024            2023           2024            2023        2024         2023          2024           2023
    Investment returns:
       Change in risk free interest rates
           50 basis points increase                                         $       150 $          175 $           100 $            150 $     75 $         175      (1 point)        0 point
           50 basis points decrease                                                (175)          (225)           (150)            (225)    (125)         (250)      0 point         0 point
       Change in credit spreads
           50 basis points increase                                         $       225 $          300 $           275 $            350 $     50 $         175        0 point       1 point
           50 basis points decrease                                                (250)          (375)           (325)            (450)     (75)         (250)       0 point      (1 point)
       Change in publicly traded common stock values1
         20% increase                                                       $       125 $           225 $          550 $            525 $    550 $         525 (1 point)            0 point
         10% increase                                                                 50            100            275              250      275           275 < (1 point)          0 point
         10% decrease                                                                (50)          (100)          (275)            (250)    (300)         (300) < 1 point           0 point
         20% decrease                                                              (125)           (225)          (550)            (525)    (550)         (550) < (1 point)        (1 point)
      Change in other non-fixed income asset values
          10% increase                                                      $       450 $           400 $          475 $            450 $     — $            —    1 point     1 point
          5% increase                                                               225             200            225              225       —              — < 1 point < 1 point
          5% decrease                                                              (225)           (200)          (250)            (225)      —              — < (1 point) < (1 point)
          10% decrease                                                             (475)           (425)          (500)            (450)      —              —   (1 point) (1 point)


1
     The net impact of the sale of Putnam Investments and the receipt of Franklin Templeton common shares is reflected in the September 30, 2024 values in the table above. The Franklin




                                                                                                                                                                                                 PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
     Templeton common shares are measured at FVOCI and therefore unrealized gains and losses do not impact shareholders' net earnings. The after-tax impact on shareholders' equity
     of the Franklin Templeton common shares is approximately $70 million for every 10% change in the common stock equity value.
2
     The impacts to the total contractual service margin are pre-tax.
3
     LICAT sensitivities should be viewed as directional estimates only of the underlying sensitivities for the respective factors. Given the nature of these calculations, the Company cannot
     provide assurance that the actual impact on the Canada Life consolidated LICAT Ratio will be as indicated. LICAT sensitivities are rounded to the nearest point.

The sensitivities above reflect the immediate impacts on shareholders' net earnings, shareholders’ equity and the LICAT ratio
from market movements.
Actual impacts of interest rate changes will vary depending upon the geography where the changes occur. Net earnings are
positively impacted by a parallel increase in interest rates and credit spreads in Canada, U.K. and the U.S., and are positively
impacted by a parallel decrease in interest rates in the eurozone. Actual impacts of interest rate changes also vary by the level of
change in interest rates by term. Therefore, actual impacts from interest rate changes may differ from the estimated impact of
parallel movements in all geographies, which is presented above.
The potential impact on shareholders' net earnings of the Company does not take into account any future potential changes to
the Company's ultimate investment rate (UIR) assumptions. As at both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the
sensitivity of shareholders' net earnings of the Company to a 10 basis point increase or decrease in the UIR in all geographies
would be an increase of $25 million or a decrease of $25 million post-tax, respectively. In addition, as at September 30, 2024, the
sensitivity of the CSM of the Company to a 10 basis point increase or decrease in the UIR in all geographies would be an
increase of $50 million or a decrease of $50 million pre-tax, respectively. At December 31, 2023 the sensitivity of the CSM of the
Company to a 10 basis point increase or decrease in the UIR in all geographies would have been an increase of $75 million or a
decrease of $75 million pre-tax, respectively.
Refer to the "Accounting Policies - Summary of Critical Accounting Estimates" and "Capital Management and Adequacy"
sections of the Company's 2023 Annual MD&A for additional information on earnings and LICAT sensitivities.




                                                                                                  Great-West Lifeco Inc. Third Quarter 2024 Management's Discussion and Analysis            34


                                     P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                              B  35
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis



                                  International Financial Reporting Standards
                                  Due to the evolving nature of IFRS, there are a number of IFRS changes impacting the Company in 2024, as well as standards
                                  that could impact the Company in future reporting periods. The Company actively monitors future IFRS changes proposed by
                                  the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) to assess if the changes to the standards may have an impact on the
                                  Company's results or operations.
                                  Changes in Accounting Policies
                                  The Company adopted the amendments to International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) for IAS 7, Statement of Cash
                                  Flows, IFRS 7, Financial Instruments: Disclosures, and IFRS 16, Leases effective January 1, 2024. The adoption of these
                                  amendments did not have a material impact on the Company's financial statements.
                                  For additional detail, refer to note 2 of the Company’s condensed consolidated interim unaudited financial statements for the
                                  period ended September 30, 2024.

                                  Other Information

                                  Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios
                                  Non-GAAP Financial Measures
                                  The Company uses several non-GAAP financial measures to measure overall performance of the Company and to assess each
                                  of its business units. A financial measure is considered a non-GAAP measure for Canadian securities law purposes if it is
                                  presented other than in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) used for the Company's
                                  consolidated financial statements. The consolidated financial statements of the Company have been prepared in compliance
                                  with IFRS as issued by the IASB. Non-GAAP financial measures do not have a standardized meaning under GAAP and may not
                                  be comparable to similar financial measures presented by other issuers. Investors may find these financial measures useful in




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  understanding how management views the underlying business performance of the Company.
                                  Base earnings (loss)
                                  Base earnings (loss) reflect management’s view of the underlying business performance of the Company and provides an
                                  alternate measure to understand the underlying business performance compared to IFRS net earnings.
                                  Base earnings (loss) exclude the following items from IFRS reported net earnings:
                                  •   Market-related impacts, where actual market returns in the current period are different than longer-term expected returns;
                                  •   Assumption changes and management actions that impact the measurement of assets and liabilities;
                                  •   Business transformation impacts which include acquisition and divestiture costs and restructuring and integration costs;
                                  •   Material legal settlements, material impairment charges related to goodwill and intangible assets, impacts of income tax
                                      rate changes on the remeasurement of deferred tax assets and liabilities and other tax impairments, net gains, losses or
                                      costs related to the disposition or acquisition of a business; net earnings (loss) from discontinued operations;
                                  •   Realized gains (losses) on the sale of assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income (FVOCI);
                                  •   The direct equity and interest rate impacts on the measurement of surplus assets and liabilities;
                                  •   Amortization of acquisition related finite life intangible assets; and
                                  •   Other items that, when removed, assist in explaining the Company's underlying business performance.




                                                                                                            Great-West Lifeco Inc. Third Quarter 2024 Management's Discussion and Analysis   35


                                       B  36                                     P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
Management's Discussion and Analysis



    LLifeco
                                                                                              For the three months ended                            For the nine months ended
                                                                                       Sept. 30               June 30            Sept. 30               Sept. 30         Sept. 30
                                                                                        2024                   2024               2023                   2024             2023
        g
    Bases earnings                                                                 $           1,061 $               1,038 $            950         $        3,077 $             2,696
        g
    Items
        s excluded from Lifeco base earnings
        x
       Market experience relative to expectations (pre-tax)
        )                                                                          $               46 $                  45 $           191         $          227 $             (110)
              i
              t
            Income tax (expense) benefit                                                            (5)                 (17)            (38)                   (51)                 16
       Realized OCI gains / (losses) from asset rebalancing (pre-
         tax)                                                                                      —                      —                 —                      —             (158)
              Income tax (expense) benefit                                                         —                      —                 —                      —                37
      x
      )Assumption changes and management actions (pre-tax)                                      (235)                      2           (125)                  (230)              (121)
             i
           Income tax (expense) benefit
             t                                                                                     32                    37                 19                     65               18
       Business transformation impacts (pre-tax)1                                                   (7)                 (36)            (33)                  (110)              (203)
              Income tax (expense) benefit1                                                          3                     7                 8                     28               48
       Amortization of acquisition-related finite life intangibles
         (pre-tax)1                                                                               (47)                  (52)            (48)                  (149)              (140)
             Income tax (expense) benefit1                                                         11                    15              12                     38                 36
        e
        se legislative changes impact (pre-tax)1
      Tax                                                                                          —                      —               —                     —                   —
    g    s Income tax (expense) benefit1                                                           —                    (34)                —                      —                —
    s Total pre-tax items excluded from base earnings                              $            (243) $                 (41) $              (15)    $         (262) $             (732)
         x
      Impact of items excluded from base earnings on income
         e
         staxes                                                                                    41                      8                 1                     80             155




                                                                                                                                                                                           PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
    Net earnings from continuing operations                       $                              859 $               1,005 $            936         $        2,895 $             2,119
      Net    t
          earnings (loss) from discontinued operations (post-tax)                                 —                     —               (31)                  (115)               (121)
      Net gain from disposal of discontinued operations (post-
          tax)                                                                                     —                     —                  —                      44               —
        r
    Net searnings - common shareholders                                            $             859 $               1,005 $            905         $        2,824 $             1,998

1
     Included in other non-market related impacts.

    Canada
                                                                                               For the three months ended                           For the nine months ended
                                                                                        Sept. 30              June 30            Sept. 30               Sept. 30         Sept. 30
                                                                                         2024                  2024               2023                   2024             2023
    Base earnings                                                                  $              317 $                 322 $               296     $          941 $               857

    Items excluded from base earnings
       Market experience relative to expectations (pre-tax)                        $                58 $                  35 $              204     $          186 $                (35)
           Income tax (expense) benefit                                                           (15)                   (10)               (57)               (51)                  10
       Assumption changes and management actions (pre-tax)                                        147                      1                (34)               157                  (30)
              Income tax (expense) benefit                                                         (41)                    —                 10                (44)                   9
       Business transformation impacts (pre-tax)1                                                    (4)                   (9)                (1)              (36)                  (4)
              Income tax (expense) benefit1                                                           1                     2                —                      9                 1
       Amortization of acquisition-related finite life intangibles
         (pre-tax)1                                                                                  (4)                   (8)                (6)              (19)                 (18)
              Income tax (expense) benefit1                                                           1                     2                 2                     5                 5
    Net earnings - common shareholders                                             $              460 $                 335 $               414     $        1,148 $               795

1
     Included in other non-market related impacts.




                                                                                                Great-West Lifeco Inc. Third Quarter 2024 Management's Discussion and Analysis        36


                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                            B  37
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis



                                      United States
                                                                                                                      For the three months ended                                 For the nine months ended
                                                                                                               Sept. 30               June 30               Sept. 30                Sept. 30         Sept. 30
                                                                                                                2024                   2024                  2023                    2024             2023
                                      Base earnings                                                       $              359 $                  324 $                 262       $          969 $            745

                                      Items excluded from base earnings
                                        Market experience relative to expectations (pre-tax)              $                 (1) $                 (2) $                 27      $              6 $              18
                                            Income tax (expense) benefit                                                   —                      1                     (5)                 (1)                 (5)
                                        Assumption changes and management actions (pre-tax)                               (29)                    —                     —                  (29)                 —
                                            Income tax (expense) benefit                                                    6                     —                     —                    6                  —
                                        Business transformation impacts (pre-tax)1                                          (2)                  (27)                  (18)                (73)            (139)
                                               Income tax (expense) benefit1                                                 1                     5                      5                    18               34
                                        Amortization of acquisition-related finite life intangibles
                                          (pre-tax)1                                                                      (36)                   (39)                  (36)               (112)            (105)
                                               Income tax (expense) benefit1                                                 9                   12                       9                    30               27
                                      Net earnings from continuing operations                             $              307 $                  274 $                 244       $          814 $            575
                                        Net earnings (loss) from discontinued operations (post-tax)                       —                      —                    (31)                (115)            (121)
                                        Net gain from disposal of discontinued operations (post-
                                          tax)                                                                             —                      —                     —                      44               —
                                      Net earnings - common shareholders                                  $              307 $                  274 $                 213       $          743 $            454

                                  1
                                      Included in other non-market related impacts.




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                      Europe
                                                                                                                      For the three months ended                                 For the nine months ended
                                                                                                               Sept. 30               June 30               Sept. 30                Sept. 30         Sept. 30
                                                                                                                2024                   2024                  2023                    2024             2023
                                      Base earnings                                                       $              195 $                  206 $                 206       $          598 $            564

                                      Items excluded from base earnings
                                        Market experience relative to expectations (pre-tax)              $               (30) $                 13 $                (152)      $          (32) $          (207)
                                               Income tax (expense) benefit                                                  7                    (5)                   24                     5                24
                                        Realized OCI gains / (losses) from asset rebalancing (pre-
                                          tax)                                                                             —                      —                     —                      —           (158)
                                              Income tax (expense) benefit                                                 —                      —                     —                      —             37
                                        Assumption changes and management actions (pre-tax)                               (69)                    (2)                  (45)                (71)                 (40)
                                               Income tax (expense) benefit                                                18                     —                       8                    18                7
                                        Business transformation impacts (pre-tax)1                                          (1)                   —                    (14)                    (1)              (60)
                                               Income tax (expense) benefit1                                                 1                    —                       3                    1                13
                                        Amortization of acquisition-related finite life intangibles
                                          (pre-tax)1                                                                        (7)                   (5)                    (6)               (18)                 (17)
                                              Income tax (expense) benefit1                                                1                       1                    1                      3                4
                                        Tax legislative changes impact (pre-tax)1                                          —                     —                      —                      —                —
                                               Income tax (expense) benefit1                                               —                     (7)                    —                      —                —
                                      Net earnings - common shareholders                                  $              115 $                  201 $                   25      $          503 $            167

                                  1
                                      Included in other non-market related impacts.




                                                                                                                       Great-West Lifeco Inc. Third Quarter 2024 Management's Discussion and Analysis             37


                                          B  38                                             P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
Management's Discussion and Analysis



    Capital and Risk Solutions
                                                                                               For the three months ended                            For the nine months ended
                                                                                        Sept. 30              June 30              Sept. 30              Sept. 30         Sept. 30
                                                                                         2024                  2024                 2023                  2024             2023
    Base earnings                                                                  $              210 $                 190 $             198        $          595 $             558

    Items excluded from base earnings
       Market experience relative to expectations (pre-tax)                        $               34 $                    (6) $          112        $           77 $             125
             Income tax (expense) benefit                                                          —                       (2)             —                     (6)              (16)
       Assumption changes and management actions (pre-tax)                                       (284)                     (1)            (46)                 (291)              (51)
             Income tax (expense) benefit                                                           49                      1                  1                    49                 2
       Tax legislative changes impact (pre-tax)1                                                    —                     —                   —                     —                —
             Income tax (expense) benefit1                                                          —                    (27)                 —                     —                —
    Net earnings - common shareholders                                             $                 9 $                155 $             265        $          424 $             618

1
     Included in other non-market related impacts.


    Lifeco Corporate
                                                                                               For the three months ended                            For the nine months ended
                                                                                        Sept. 30               June 30             Sept. 30              Sept. 30         Sept. 30
                                                                                         2024                   2024                2023                  2024             2023
    Base earnings (loss)                                                            $              (20) $                  (4) $              (12) $            (26) $               (28)

    Items excluded from base earnings (loss)
       Market experience relative to expectations (pre-tax)                         $              (15) $                   5 $                —     $          (10) $               (11)




                                                                                                                                                                                             PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
             Income tax (expense) benefit                                                             3                    (1)                 —                    2                  3
       Assumption changes and management actions (pre-tax)                                          —                       4                  —                    4                —
             Income tax (expense) benefit                                                           —                     36                   —                    36               —
    Net earnings (loss) - common shareholders                                       $              (32) $                 40 $                (12) $                6 $              (36)

Base earnings - insurance service result
Represents the profit earned from providing insurance coverage and comprises the expected insurance earnings, impacts of
new insurance business written and insurance experience gains and losses for the Company's insurance businesses. This
metric is presented on a common shareholders' basis by removing the participating account results.

    Lifeco (pre-tax)
                                                                                                For the three months ended                           For the nine months ended
                                                                                        Sept. 30               June 30      Sept. 30                     Sept. 30     Sept. 30
                                                                                         2024                   2024         2023                         2024         2023
    Base earnings - insurance service result                                        $              777 $              794 $         786              $        2,334 $       2,156
      Items excluded from base earnings                                                             (31)                    (1)               (38)              (34)                 (81)
      Participating account                                                                          34                    38                 40                108               116
    Net earnings - insurance service result                                         $              780 $                 831 $                788    $        2,408 $            2,191




                                                                                                Great-West Lifeco Inc. Third Quarter 2024 Management's Discussion and Analysis          38


                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                            B  39
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis



                                  Base earnings - net investment result
                                  Represents the difference between management’s expected return on assets backing insurance contract liabilities and the
                                  unwinding of discount rates used to measure corresponding insurance contract liabilities. Includes the release of credit
                                  provisions into profit and the impact of credit experience for the period as well as the impact of certain trading activity on fixed
                                  income assets and non-directly attributable investment expenses. Additionally, includes expected investment income on
                                  surplus assets net of associated investment expenses. This metric is presented on a common shareholders' basis by removing
                                  the participating account results. This measure removes spread income earned on certain investment products which
                                  represents the difference between earned rates and rates credited to clients.

                                      Lifeco (pre-tax)
                                                                                                                          For the three months ended                                  For the nine months ended
                                                                                                                   Sept. 30               June 30               Sept. 30               Sept. 30            Sept. 30
                                                                                                                    2024                   2024                  2023                   2024                2023
                                      Base earnings - net investment result                                   $              301 $                  255 $                 222      $              853 $              702
                                        Items excluded from base earnings                                                   (156)                    49                   104                      37            (360)
                                        Spread income                                                                        294                    328                   322                     943                985
                                        Participating account                                                                 (41)                   17                       2                   (26)                (59)
                                      Net earnings - net investment result                                    $              398 $                  649 $                 650      $         1,807 $            1,268

                                  Base earnings - pre-tax
                                  Represents base earnings (loss) before income taxes, earnings (losses) attributable to non-controlling interests and preferred
                                  share dividends.

                                      LLifeco
                                                                                                                         For the three months ended                                For the nine months ended




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                                                                                                  Sept. 30              June 30               Sept. 30                 Sept. 30           Sept. 30
                                      g                                                                            2024                  2024                  2023                     2024               2023
                                      sBase earnings (pre-tax)                                               $           1,305 $                1,325 $               1,126       $         3,860 $            3,218
                                      g
                                      sItems excluded from Lifeco base earnings
                                           x
                                           )Market experience relative to expectations (pre-tax)             $                46 $                  45 $                 191      $           227 $             (110)
                                           Realized OCI gains / (losses) from asset rebalancing (pre-
                                             tax)                                                                             —                     —                      —                      —             (158)
                                        x
                                        ) Assumption changes and management actions (pre-tax)                              (235)                      2                (125)                 (230)              (121)
                                                                                       1
                                           Business transformation impacts (pre-tax)                                          (7)                 (36)                   (33)                (110)              (203)
                                           Amortization of acquisition-related finite life intangibles
                                      g      (pre-tax)1                                                                      (47)                 (52)                   (48)                (149)              (140)
                                      s Total pre-tax items excluded from base earnings
                                          e                                                                  $             (243) $                 (41) $                 (15) $             (262) $            (732)
                                        Participating account
                                          s                                                                                  (41)                   30                    14                      (5)                (25)
                                      Earnings before income taxes                                           $           1,021 $                1,314 $               1,125       $         3,593 $            2,461

                                  1
                                       Included in other non-market related impacts.




                                                                                                                         Great-West Lifeco Inc. Third Quarter 2024 Management's Discussion and Analysis                 39


                                           B  40                                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
Management's Discussion and Analysis



Empower Defined Contribution and Personal Wealth net revenue
For the Empower Defined Contribution (Empower DC) and Empower Personal Wealth (Empower PW) business lines in the
U.S. segment, the Company discloses net revenue, which is a measure of financial performance and growth for these
businesses. Net revenue includes net asset-based fee income and other fee income related to businesses such as mutual funds
products and recordkeeping. Net asset-based expenses include certain direct expenses incurred such as commissions,
managed account expenses and sub-advisor expenses. Net revenue also includes spread income earned on general account
investment products, net of credit experience on assets held to back general account liabilities.

LUnited States
                                                                                           For the three months ended                          For the nine months ended
                                                                                   Sept. 30               June 30            Sept. 30              Sept. 30         Sept. 30
                                                                                    2024                   2024               2023                  2024             2023
 Empower Defined Contribution (US$)
    Gross AUM fees                                                             $              460 $                 437 $            423       $        1,322 $             1,225
    Asset-based expenses                                                                     (111)                 (110)            (108)                (330)               (318)
  Asset-based fee income (net)                                                 $              349 $                 327 $            315       $          992 $               907
    Spread income                                                                             153                   175              183                  501                 579
    Credit experience                                                                          —                    (29)              —                   (29)                (13)
  Spread income (net)                                                          $              153 $                 146 $            183       $          472 $               566
  Other fees                                                                                  195                   222              146                  592                 462
 Total net revenue (US$)                                                       $              697 $                 695 $            644       $        2,056 $             1,935

 Empower Personal Wealth (US$)
    Gross AUM fees                                                             $              110 $                 102 $               89     $          311 $               246
    Asset-based expenses                                                                       (15)                  (14)               (13)              (43)                 (35)




                                                                                                                                                                                       PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
  Asset-based fee income (net)                                                 $                95 $                  88 $              76     $          268 $               211
  Spread income (net)                                                                           47                    44                44                137                 120
  Other fees                                                                                    21                    18                16                    58               44
 Total net revenue (US$)                                                       $              163 $                 150 $            136       $          463 $               375

 Reconciliation to Income Statement
 Fee and other income
 Gross AUM and other fees (US$)                                                $              786 $                 779 $            674       $        2,283 $             1,977
 Gross AUM and other fees (C$)                                                             1,069                 1,067               903                3,106               2,655
 Add: Other fee and other income                                                                25                    32                25                    88               81
 Fee and other income                                                          $           1,094 $               1,099 $             928       $        3,194 $             2,736

 Net investment result
 Empower DC and PW spread income (net) (US$)                                   $              200 $                 190 $            227       $          609 $               686

 Empower DC and PW spread income (net) (C$)                                                   271                   261              304                  827                 920
 Add: Other U.S. segment net investment results                                                72                    69               45                  222                 110
 Add: Items excluded from base earnings                                                          7                     (2)              27                    14               18
 Add: Participating account                                                                     (1)                    1                —                     1                 —
 Net investment result                                                         $              349 $                 329 $            376       $        1,064 $             1,048

 Operating and administrative expenses
 Asset-based expenses (US$)                                                    $             (126) $               (124) $          (121) $              (373) $             (353)
 Empower DC other operating expenses (US$)                                                   (446)                 (437)            (446)              (1,345)              (1,322)
 Empower PW other operating expenses (US$)                                                   (102)                   (96)               (83)             (293)               (242)
 Total Empower DC and PW fee and spread income-related
 operating expenses (US$)                                                      $             (674) $               (657) $          (650) $            (2,011) $            (1,917)

 Total Empower DC and PW operating expenses (C$)                                             (917)                 (900)            (871)              (2,735)              (2,569)
 Add: Items excluded from base earnings                                                         (1)                   —                  —                 (1)                (67)
 Add: Other U.S. segment operating expenses                                                    (47)                  (39)               (46)             (142)               (155)
 Add: Participating account                                                                     (1)                    (4)               (4)                  (6)               (9)
 Operating and administrative expenses                                         $             (966) $               (943) $          (921) $            (2,884) $            (2,800)




                                                                                           Great-West Lifeco Inc. Third Quarter 2024 Management's Discussion and Analysis         40


                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                            B  41
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis



                                  Assets under management (AUM) and assets under administration (AUA)
                                  Assets under management and assets under administration are non-GAAP measures that provide an indicator of the size and
                                  volume of the Company's overall business. Administrative services are an important aspect of the overall business of the
                                  Company and should be considered when comparing volumes, size and trends.
                                  Total assets under administration includes total assets per financial statements, proprietary mutual funds and institutional
                                  assets and other assets under administration.
                                      Lifeco
                                                                                                                                                                    Sept. 30                June 30             Sept. 30
                                                                                                                                                                     2024                    2024                2023
                                      Total assets per financial statements1                                                                                   $         779,741 $             749,562 $           680,010
                                        Continuing operations - other AUM                                                                                                224,442               211,939             199,821
                                        Discontinued operations - other AUM                                                                                                   —                     —              153,026
                                      Total AUM1                                                                                                               $       1,004,183 $               961,501 $       1,032,857
                                        Other AUA                                                                                                                      2,106,101               1,967,541         1,595,507
                                      Total AUA1                                                                                                               $       3,110,284 $             2,929,042 $       2,628,364
                                  1
                                       Comparative figures include assets held for sale and other AUM related to the discontinued operations of Putnam Investments.

                                      Canada
                                                                                                                                                                    Sept. 30                June 30             Sept. 30
                                                                                                                                                                     2024                    2024                2023
                                      Canada wealth fee business AUA
                                        Segregated fund assets                                                                                                 $         112,493 $                 107,067 $        95,229
                                        Other AUM                                                                                                                         14,092                    13,293           7,460
                                        Wealth fee business other AUA                                                                                                     60,368                    57,583          25,559




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                      Total Canada wealth fee business AUA                                                                                     $         186,953 $                 177,943 $       128,248

                                        Add: Other balance sheet assets                                                                                        $         109,525 $                 105,034 $        96,608
                                        Add: Other AUA                                                                                                                       2,464                   2,517            2,200


                                        Consolidated Canada balance sheet assets                                                                               $         222,018 $                 212,101 $       191,837
                                        Consolidated Canada other AUM                                                                                                     14,092                    13,293           7,460
                                        Consolidated Canada other AUA                                                                                                     62,832                    60,100          27,759
                                      Total Canada AUA                                                                                                         $         298,942 $                 285,494 $       227,056

                                      United States
                                                                                                                                                                    Sept. 30                June 30             Sept. 30
                                                                                                                                                                     2024                    2024                2023
                                      Empower AUA
                                           General account                                                                                                     $          84,899 $                  87,553 $        92,440
                                           Segregated funds                                                                                                              183,081                   193,030         167,055
                                           Other AUM                                                                                                                      88,630                  82,843            94,171
                                           Other AUA                                                                                                                   2,029,263               1,894,228         1,556,169
                                      Empower AUA                                                                                                              $       2,385,873 $             2,257,654 $       1,909,835

                                      PanAgora - other AUM                                                                                                     $           46,107 $                 46,117 $        41,890
                                      Discontinued operations - other AUM                                                                                                      —                        —          184,428

                                      Subtotal                                                                                                                 $       2,431,980 $            2,303,771 $        2,136,153

                                        Add: Other AUM consolidated adjustment                                                                                 $               (66) $                  (69) $       (31,402)
                                        Add: Other balance sheet assets                                                                                                    58,734                   39,267          37,453

                                        Consolidated United States balance sheet assets                                                                        $         326,714 $               319,850 $         296,948
                                        Consolidated United States other AUM                                                                                             134,671                 128,891           289,087
                                        Consolidated United States other AUA                                                                                           2,029,263               1,894,228         1,556,169
                                      Total United States AUA                                                                                                  $       2,490,648 $             2,342,969 $       2,142,204




                                                                                                                                Great-West Lifeco Inc. Third Quarter 2024 Management's Discussion and Analysis             41


                                           B  42                                                     P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
Management's Discussion and Analysis



Europe
                                                                                                                                Sept. 30        June 30             Sept. 30
                                                                                                                                 2024            2024                2023
    Europe wealth and investment only AUA
     Segregated fund assets                                                                                                 $      164,954 $        155,289 $               133,838
     Other AUM                                                                                                                      75,679           69,755                  56,300
     Other AUA                                                                                                                      14,006           13,213                  11,579
    Total Europe wealth and investment only AUA                                                                             $      254,639 $        238,257 $               201,717

     Add: Other balance sheet assets                                                                                        $       56,753 $         53,299 $                48,904

     Consolidated Europe balance sheet assets                                                                               $      221,707 $        208,588 $               182,742
     Consolidated Europe other AUM                                                                                                  75,679           69,755                  56,300
     Consolidated Europe other AUA                                                                                                  14,006           13,213                  11,579
Total Europe AUA                                                                                                            $      311,392 $        291,556 $               250,621

Non-GAAP Ratios
A non-GAAP ratio is a financial measure in the form of a ratio, fraction, percentage or similar representation that is not
disclosed in the financial statements of the Company and has a non-GAAP financial measure as one or more of its components.
These financial measures do not have a standardized definition under IFRS and might not be comparable to similar financial
measures disclosed by other issuers.
The non-GAAP ratios disclosed by the Company each use base earnings (loss) as the non-GAAP component. Base earnings
(loss) reflect management’s view of the underlying business performance of the Company and provides an alternate measure




                                                                                                                                                                                      PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
to understand the underlying business performance compared to IFRS net earnings.
•      Base dividend payout ratio - Dividends paid to common shareholders are divided by base earnings (loss).
•      Base earnings per share - Base earnings (loss) for the period is divided by the number of average common shares
       outstanding for the period.
•      Base earnings per share (diluted) - Base earnings (loss) for the period is divided by the number of average common
       shares outstanding on a diluted basis for the period.
•      Base return on equity - Base earnings (loss) for the trailing four quarters are divided by the average common
       shareholders' equity over the trailing four quarters. This measure provides an indicator of business unit profitability.
•      Cost of management ratio - Compares the amount paid by the Company to compensate its Named Executive Officers
       (NEOs) relative to the Company’s base earnings for the same period. Calculated by dividing total annual compensation
       paid to NEOs (as disclosed in the Executive Compensation section of the Company’s management proxy circular) by base
       earnings for the year.
•      Effective income tax rate - base earnings - common shareholders - Calculated by adjusting the Company's reported
       income taxes and net earnings before income taxes attributable to common shareholders to remove the impact of items
       excluded from base earnings, to calculate the effective tax rates for common shareholders.
•      Price/base earnings ratio - The Company's closing share price divided by its base earnings per share on a trailing four
       quarter basis.

Glossary
•      Assumption changes and management actions - The net earnings impact of: (i) revisions to the methodologies and
       assumptions used in the measurement of the Company’s assets, insurance contract liabilities and investment contract
       liabilities, and (ii) actions taken by management in the current reporting period which include, but are not limited to,
       changes in in-force product features (including prices), and new or revised reinsurance deals on in-force business.
       Assumption changes and management actions are excluded from base earnings.
•      Average assets under management and administration - Calculated as the average of the opening and ending balances
       of assets under management and administration during the reporting period using daily balances where available and
       monthly or quarterly balances when daily balances are unavailable.
•      Business transformation impacts - Business transformation impacts include acquisition and divestiture costs as well as
       restructuring and integration costs.



                                                                                           Great-West Lifeco Inc. Third Quarter 2024 Management's Discussion and Analysis        42


                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                            B  43
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis


                                  •   Book value per common share - Measure is calculated by dividing Lifeco's common shareholders' equity by the number
                                      of common shares outstanding at the end of the period.
                                  •   Contractual service margin (CSM) - The CSM of a group of insurance contracts represents the unearned profit that the
                                      Company expects to recognize in the future as it provides services under those contracts. On initial recognition of a group
                                      of insurance contracts, if the total of the fulfillment cash flows, any derecognized assets for insurance acquisition cash
                                      flows, and any cash flows arising at that date is a net inflow, the group of contracts is non-onerous. In this case, the CSM is
                                      measured as the equal and opposite amount of the net inflow, which results in no net income or expenses arising on initial
                                      recognition.
                                  •   Common shareholders' equity - A financial measure comprised of the following items from Lifeco's balance sheet: share
                                      capital - common shares, accumulated surplus, accumulated other comprehensive income and contributed surplus.
                                  •   Dividend payout ratio - Dividends paid to common shareholders are divided by net earnings - common shareholders.
                                  •   Drivers of earnings (DOE) - Drivers of earnings analysis provides additional detail on the primary sources of Lifeco's
                                      earnings and is a consistent presentation across Canadian insurance industry peers. The DOE view presents net earnings
                                      attributable to common shareholders, comprising base earnings on a DOE basis and items excluded from base earnings.
                                      For base insurance service result, the DOE view provides detail on expected insurance earnings, the impact of new
                                      business and experience gains and losses. For base net investment result, the DOE view provides detail on expected
                                      investment earnings, credit experience, trading activity and earnings on surplus. Base other income and expenses are
                                      presented separately in the DOE view with additional detail on net fee and spread income, non-directly attributable and
                                      other expenses, income taxes on base earnings, non-controlling interests, preferred dividends and other items.
                                  •   Financial leverage ratio - Defined as debt, hybrid securities, and preferred shares divided by total consolidated
                                      capitalization. The denominator also includes the after-tax non-participating CSM balance in the denominator, other than
                                      CSM associated with segregated fund guarantees. This reflects that the CSM represents future profit and is considered




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                      available capital under LICAT.
                                  •   General Measurement Model (GMM) - The Company applies this measurement model to all IFRS 17 contracts not
                                      measured under the PAA or VFA measurement models.
                                  •   Group life and health book premiums - For group life and health insurance, this measure represents the value of in-force
                                      premiums at the end of the reporting period.
                                  •   Impact of currency movement (constant currency basis) - Items impacting the Company's Consolidated Statements of
                                      Earnings, such as income and benefits and expenses and net earnings, are translated into Canadian dollars at an average
                                      rate for the period. These measures highlight the impact of changes in currency translation rates on Canadian dollar
                                      equivalent IFRS results and have been calculated using the average rates, as shown below, in effect at the date of the
                                      comparative period. These measures provide useful information as it facilitates the comparability of results between
                                      periods.

                                                                                                                               Period ended
                                                                                                                September 30,                 September 30,
                                                                                                                    2024                          2023
                                                                 United States dollar                                   1.36                       1.34
                                                                 British pound                                          1.77                       1.70
                                                                 Euro                                                   1.50                       1.46
                                  •   Market experience relative to expectations - The net earnings impact related to the direct equity and interest rate market
                                      impacts on insurance and investment contract liabilities, net of hedging, and related deferred tax liabilities, which
                                      includes:
                                      •      the impact of hedge ineffectiveness related to segregated fund guarantee liabilities that are hedged and the
                                             performance of the related hedge assets;
                                      •      the impact on segregated fund guarantee liabilities not hedged;
                                      •      the market-related impacts that are different than expectations on surplus assets, general account assets and the
                                             insurance and investment contract liabilities they support; and
                                      •      other market impacts on general account assets and the insurance and investment contract liabilities they support
                                             that cannot be attributed to expectations within the period.
                                  •   Net cash flows and net flows - Indicator of the Company's ability to attract and retain business. Net cash flows and net
                                      asset flows are measured by the following:


                                                                                                               Great-West Lifeco Inc. Third Quarter 2024 Management's Discussion and Analysis   43


                                          B  44                                     P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
Management's Discussion and Analysis


    •   Canada net cash flows include cash inflows and outflows related to segregated fund assets and proprietary and non-
        proprietary mutual funds.
    •   Europe net cash flows include cash inflows and outflows related to segregated fund assets, proprietary mutual funds
        and institutional assets as well as other assets under administration.
    •   Empower net cash flows include cash inflows and outflows related to segregated fund assets, general fund assets,
        proprietary and non-proprietary mutual funds as well as other assets under management.
    •   PanAgora net flows include institutional sales and redemptions.
•   Net earnings from continuing operations - Defined as net earnings - common shareholders less net earnings (loss) from
    discontinued operations and the net gain from disposal of discontinued operations. The discontinued operations
    represent the results of Putnam Investments. On January 1, 2024, Lifeco completed the previously announced sale of
    Putnam Investments to Franklin Resources, Inc., operating as "Franklin Templeton".
•   Office of the Superintendent of Financial Institutions Canada (OSFI) - Is an independent Canadian federal government
    agency that regulates and supervises federally regulated financial institutions and pension plans to determine whether
    they are in sound financial condition and meeting their requirements.
•   Other assets under administration - Includes assets where the Company only provides administration services for which
    the Company earns fees and other income. These assets are beneficially owned by the clients and the Company does not
    direct the investing activities. Services provided relating to assets under administration include recordkeeping,
    safekeeping, collecting investment income, settling of transactions or other administrative services. Administrative
    services are an important aspect of the overall business of the Company and should be considered when comparing
    volumes, size and trends.
•   Other assets under management - Includes external client funds where the Company has oversight of the investment




                                                                                                                                                                           PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
    policies. Services provided in respect of proprietary mutual funds and institutional assets include the selection of
    investments, the provision of investment advice and discretionary portfolio management on behalf of clients.
•   Premium Allocation Approach (PAA) - The Company applies this IFRS 17 measurement model to contracts with
    coverage periods of one year or less and those that are relatively stable and have low variability in fulfillment cash flows.
    Low variability in fulfillment cash flows indicates that no significant difference in measurement exists when compared to
    the general measurement model (GMM).
•   Price/book value ratio - The Company's closing share price divided by its book value per share.
•   Price/earnings ratio - The Company's closing share price divided by its net earnings per share on a trailing four quarter
    basis.
•   Return on equity (ROE) - continuing operations - Net earnings from continuing operations for the trailing four quarters
    are divided by the average common shareholders' equity over the trailing four quarters. This measure provides an
    indicator of business unit profitability.
•   Sales - Sales are measured according to product type:
    •   For risk-based insurance and annuity products, sales include 100% of single premium and annualized premiums
        expected in the first twelve months of the plan.
    •   Group insurance and ASO sales reflect annualized premiums and premium equivalents for new policies and new
        benefits covered or expansion of coverage on existing policies.
    •   For individual wealth management products, sales include deposits on segregated fund products, proprietary mutual
        funds and institutional accounts as well as deposits on non-proprietary mutual funds.
    •   For group wealth management products, sales include assets transferred from previous plan providers and the
        expected annual contributions from the new plan.
•   Segmented common shareholders' equity - The Company has a capital allocation methodology, which allocates
    financing costs in proportion to allocated capital. For the Canada, Europe and Capital and Risk Solutions segments
    (essentially Canada Life), this allocation method generally tracks the regulatory capital requirements, while for Empower
    and Putnam, it tracks the financial statement carrying value of the business units. Total leverage capital is consistently
    allocated across all business units in proportion to total capital resulting in a debt-to-equity ratio in each business unit
    mirroring the consolidated Company.




                                                                                    Great-West Lifeco Inc. Third Quarter 2024 Management's Discussion and Analysis    44


                       P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                            B  45
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis


                                          The capital allocation methodology allows the Company to calculate comparable ROE for each business unit. These ROEs
                                          are therefore based on the capital the business unit has been allocated and the financing charges associated with that
                                          capital. IFRS does not prescribe the calculation of ROE and therefore a comparable measure under IFRS is not available.
                                  •       Variable Fee Approach (VFA) - The Company applies this IFRS 17 measurement model to contracts with direct
                                          participating features such as participating insurance and segregated fund business with insurance guarantees, where an
                                          investment return is provided to the policyholder based on a defined pool of items (e.g., a portfolio of assets).

                                  Disclosure Controls and Procedures
                                  The Company’s disclosure controls and procedures are designed to provide reasonable assurance that information relating to
                                  the Company which is required to be disclosed in reports filed under provincial and territorial securities legislation is: (a)
                                  recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the provincial and territorial securities
                                  legislation, and (b) accumulated and communicated to the Company's senior management, including the President and Chief
                                  Executive Officer and the Executive Vice-President and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions
                                  regarding required disclosure.

                                  Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
                                  The Company’s internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
                                  financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with IFRS. The Company’s
                                  management is responsible for establishing and maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting. All internal
                                  control systems have inherent limitations and may become ineffective because of changes in conditions. Therefore, even those
                                  systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and
                                  presentation.
                                  There have been no changes during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 that have materially affected, or are reasonably
                                  likely to materially affect, the Company's internal control over financial reporting.




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  Transactions with Related Parties
                                  On May 6, 2024, the Company announced it had entered into a new long-term strategic partnership with Power Sustainable
                                  Manager Inc. (Power Sustainable), a climate-focused investment manager and subsidiary of the Company's parent, Power
                                  Corporation of Canada. Under the transaction, the Company has become a minority shareholder in Power Sustainable with an
                                  ownership share of slightly below 20% on a fully diluted basis. The Company has agreed to invest in certain funds across Power
                                  Sustainable's investment strategies in the future.
                                  Otherwise, related party transactions have not changed materially from December 31, 2023.

                                  Quarterly Financial Information
                                      Quarterly financial information
                                      (in $ millions, except per share amounts)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                       20223
                                                                                                                              2024                                                   2023                            (Restated)
                                                                                                                Q3              Q2              Q1             Q4              Q3             Q2             Q1         Q4
                                      Insurance revenue                                                     $    5,292 $         5,273 $        5,250 $         5,174 $         5,110 $        5,081 $       5,037 $     5,442
                                      Net investment income                                                      2,249           2,409          2,340           2,431           2,271          2,061         2,101       2,085
                                      Changes in fair value on FVTPL assets                                      6,906            (864)        (1,385)        11,042          (5,457)        (2,668)         3,572       1,351
                                      Fee and other income                                                       1,806           1,794          1,672           1,558           1,450          1,466         1,400       1,372
                                      Total revenue1                                                        $ 16,253 $           8,612 $        7,877 $ 20,205 $                3,374 $        5,940 $ 12,110 $ 10,250

                                      Net earnings from continuing operations2
                                           Total                                                            $       859 $        1,005 $        1,031 $            743 $          936 $              569 $    614 $        478
                                           Basic - per share                                                       0.92           1.08            1.10            0.80           1.01            0.61         0.66        0.51
                                           Diluted - per share                                                     0.92           1.08            1.10            0.79           1.00            0.61         0.66        0.51

                                      Net earnings - Common Shareholders
                                           Total                                                            $      859 $         1,005 $           960 $           740 $          905 $           498 $        595 $       452
                                           Basic - per share                                                       0.92           1.08            1.03            0.79           0.97            0.53         0.64        0.48
                                           Diluted - per share                                                     0.92           1.08            1.03            0.79           0.97            0.53         0.64        0.48

                                  1
                                       Total revenue and its components exclude revenue from discontinued operations related to Putnam Investments.
                                  2
                                       Refer to the "Glossary" section of this document for additional details on the composition of this measure.
                                  3
                                       Comparative 2022 results restated to reflect the adoption of IFRS 17, Insurance Contracts and IFRS 9, Financial Instruments.


                                                                                                                                  Great-West Lifeco Inc. Third Quarter 2024 Management's Discussion and Analysis             45


                                           B  46                                                       P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
Management's Discussion and Analysis



Total revenue
Total revenue for the third quarter of 2024 was $16,253 million and comprises insurance revenue of $5,292 million ($5,110
million for the same quarter last year), net investment income of $2,249 million ($2,271 million for the same quarter last year),
changes in fair value through profit or loss on investment assets of positive $6,906 million (negative $5,457 million for the same
quarter last year) and fee and other income of $1,806 million ($1,450 million for the same quarter last year).
Insurance revenue
Insurance revenue for the third quarter of 2024 was $5,292 million, an increase of $182 million compared to the same quarter
last year, primarily due to higher earnings on short-term insurance contracts in the Canada and Europe segments.
Total net investment income
Total net investment income, which includes net investment income and changes in fair value on FVTPL assets, for the third
quarter of 2024 was $9,155 million, an increase of $12,341 million compared to the same quarter last year. The changes in fair
value in the third quarter of 2024 were an increase of $6,906 million compared to a decrease of $5,457 million in the third
quarter of 2023, primarily due to a decrease in bond yields across all geographies. Net investment income in the third quarter of
2024 of $2,249 million, which excludes changes in fair value through profit or loss, decreased $22 million compared to the same
quarter last year, primary due to the strengthening of the U.S. dollar, British pound and euro against the Canadian dollar.
Fee and other income
Fee and other income for the third quarter of 2024 was $1,806 million, an increase of $356 million compared to the same
quarter last year, primarily due to higher equity market levels and overall business growth in the U.S. segment, growth in
administrative services only (ASO) fees and the acquisitions of IPC and Value Partners in the Canada segment as well as higher
management fees from higher average assets under administration in the Europe segment.
Net earnings
Lifeco's consolidated net earnings attributable to common shareholders were $859 million for the third quarter of 2024




                                                                                                                                                                                PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
compared to $905 million for the same quarter last year. On a per share basis, this represents $0.92 per common share ($0.92
diluted) for the third quarter of 2024 compared to $0.97 per common share ($0.97 diluted) a year ago.

Translation of Foreign Currency
Through its operating subsidiaries, Lifeco conducts business in multiple currencies. The four primary currencies are the
Canadian dollar, the U.S. dollar, the British pound and the euro. Throughout this document, foreign currency assets and
liabilities are translated into Canadian dollars at the market rate at the end of the reporting period. All income and expense
items are translated at an average rate for the period. The rates employed are:

Period ended                                          Sept. 30             June 30             Mar. 31                Dec. 31    Sept. 30         June 30             Mar. 31
                                                         2024                2024                2024                   2023        2023            2023                2023
 United States dollar
 Balance sheet                                  $          1.35 $              1.37 $              1.35 $               1.33 $      1.36 $            1.32 $            1.35
 Income and expenses                            $          1.36 $              1.37 $              1.35 $               1.36 $      1.34 $            1.34 $            1.35

 British pound
 Balance sheet                                  $          1.81 $              1.73 $              1.71 $               1.69 $      1.66 $            1.68 $            1.67
 Income and expenses                            $          1.77 $              1.73 $              1.71 $               1.69 $      1.70 $            1.68 $            1.64

 Euro
 Balance sheet                                  $          1.51 $              1.47 $              1.46 $               1.46 $      1.44 $            1.45 $            1.47
 Income and expenses                            $          1.50 $              1.47 $              1.46 $               1.47 $      1.46 $            1.46 $            1.45

Additional Information
Additional information relating to Lifeco, including Lifeco's most recent consolidated financial statements, CEO/CFO
certification and Annual Information Form are available at www.sedarplus.com.




                                                                                     Great-West Lifeco Inc. Third Quarter 2024 Management's Discussion and Analysis        46


                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                            B  47
                                  Consolidated Statements of Earnings (unaudited)



                                  (in Canadian $ millions except per share amounts)                            For the three months                                         For the nine months
                                                                                                               ended September 30                                           ended September 30
                                                                                                             2024                         2023                           2024                  2023
                                  Insurance service result
                                    Insurance revenue (note 8)                                    $                   5,292 $                      5,110       $                15,815 $              15,228
                                    Insurance service expenses                                                       (4,099)                      (3,921)                      (12,223)              (11,879)
                                    Net expense from reinsurance contracts                                              (413)                        (401)                       (1,184)              (1,158)
                                                                                                                         780                          788                         2,408                2,191
                                  Net investment result
                                    Net investment income (note 5)                                                    2,249                        2,271                          6,998                6,433
                                    Changes in fair value on fair value through profit or loss
                                      assets (note 5)                                                                 6,906                       (5,457)                         4,657               (4,553)
                                                                                                                      9,155                       (3,186)                       11,655                 1,880
                                    Net finance income (expenses) from insurance contracts                           (5,662)                       3,287                         (5,844)                348
                                    Net finance income (expenses) from reinsurance
                                      contracts                                                                           94                         (212)                             (71)             (125)
                                    Changes in investment contract liabilities                                       (3,189)                          761                        (3,933)                (835)
                                                                                                                         398                          650                         1,807                1,268
                                  Net investment result - insurance contracts on account
                                    of segregated fund policyholders
                                    Net investment income (loss)                                                      2,498                       (1,039)                         5,417                1,596
                                    Net finance income (expenses) from insurance contracts                           (2,498)                       1,039                         (5,417)              (1,596)
                                                                                                                           —                            —                               —                 —
                                  Other income and expenses




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                    Fee and other income                                                              1,806                        1,450                          5,272                4,316
                                    Operating and administrative expenses                                            (1,737)                      (1,522)                        (5,169)              (4,622)
                                    Amortization of finite life intangible assets                                       (105)                        (100)                            (308)             (287)
                                    Financing costs                                                                      (98)                        (103)                            (299)             (322)
                                    Restructuring and integration expenses (note 4)                                      (23)                          (38)                           (118)              (83)
                                  Earnings before income taxes                                                        1,021                        1,125                          3,593                2,461
                                  Income taxes (note 14)                                                                 131                          137                             529               223
                                  Net earnings from continuing operations before non-
                                     controlling interests                                                               890                          988                         3,064                2,238
                                  Attributable to non-controlling interests                                                (1)                          20                             72                22
                                  Net earnings from continuing operations before
                                    preferred share dividends                                                            891                          968                         2,992                2,216
                                  Preferred share dividends                                                               32                            32                             97                97
                                  Net earnings from continuing operations                                                859                          936                         2,895                2,119
                                  Net loss from discontinued operations                                                    —                           (31)                           (115)             (121)
                                  Net gain from disposal of discontinued operations (note 3)                               —                            —                              44                 —
                                  Net earnings - common shareholders                              $                      859 $                        905      $                  2,824 $              1,998
                                  Earnings per common share (note 12)
                                    Basic                                                         $                     0.92 $                       0.97      $                      3.03 $            2.15
                                    Diluted                                                       $                     0.92 $                       0.97      $                      3.02 $            2.14
                                  Earnings per common share from continuing
                                    operations (note 12)
                                    Basic                                                         $                     0.92 $                       1.01      $                      3.10 $            2.28
                                    Diluted                                                       $                     0.92 $                       1.00      $                      3.10 $            2.27




                                                                                                                   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2024 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements         47


                                       B  48                                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (unaudited)



(in Canadian $ millions)                                                               For the three months                                  For the nine months
                                                                                       ended September 30                                    ended September 30
                                                                                     2024                         2023                    2024                      2023
Net earnings - common shareholders, before
  preferred dividends                                                      $                    891 $                        937     $            2,921 $                    2,095
Other comprehensive income (loss)
Items that may be reclassified subsequently to
   Consolidated Statements of Earnings
  Unrealized foreign exchange gains (losses) on translation
    of foreign operations                                                                       172                          288                     661                      135
  Foreign exchange translation gains reclassified to
    earnings on disposal of foreign operations (note 3)                                            —                          —                     (211)                      —
  Unrealized gains (losses) on hedges of the net investment
    in foreign operations                                                                        (70)                         (92)                  (132)                      (82)
       Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                 1                           8                     13                       —
  Unrealized gains (losses) on bonds and mortgages at fair
    value through other comprehensive income                                                    255                           (80)                   221                       (92)
       Income tax (expense) benefit                                                              (52)                         21                     (46)                      (19)
  Realized (gains) losses on bonds and mortgages at fair
    value through other comprehensive income (note 5)                                               1                         17                      39                      231
       Income tax expense (benefit)                                                                —                           (2)                     (9)                     (14)
  Unrealized gains (losses) on cash flow hedges                                                   81                          16                      48                       86
       Income tax (expense) benefit                                                              (22)                          (5)                   (13)                      (24)
  Realized (gains) losses on cash flow hedges                                                    (45)                         (13)                   (41)                      (60)
       Income tax expense (benefit)                                                               12                            3                     11                       16




                                                                                                                                                                                      PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
  Non-controlling interests                                                                     (105)                         49                    (116)                        9
       Income tax (expense) benefit                                                               29                          (15)                    33                        (3)
  Total items that may be reclassified                                                          257                          195                     458                      183
Items that will not be reclassified to Consolidated
   Statements of Earnings
  Unrealized gains (losses) on stocks at fair value through
    other comprehensive income                                                                   (94)                         —                     (415)                      —
       Income tax (expense) benefit                                                              (83)                         —                       —                        —
  Re-measurements on defined benefit pension and other
    post-employment benefit plans                                                                (15)                         92                     243                       26
       Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                 3                         (25)                   (67)                       (6)
  Non-controlling interests                                                                        —                           (8)                   (21)                       (3)
       Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                —                           2                        6                       1
  Total items that will not be reclassified                                                     (189)                         61                    (254)                      18
Total comprehensive income                                                                        68                         256                     204                      201
Comprehensive income                                                       $                    959 $                       1,193    $            3,125 $                    2,296




                                                                                           Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2024 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements       48


                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                            B  49
                                  Consolidated Balance Sheets (unaudited)


                                  (in Canadian $ millions)                                                                                                       September 30            December 31
                                                                                                                                                                     2024                   2023
                                  Assets
                                  Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                  $                 8,887 $           7,742
                                  Bonds (note 5)                                                                                                                             162,102           157,051
                                  Mortgage loans (note 5)                                                                                                                     39,485            38,414
                                  Stocks (note 5)                                                                                                                             18,470            15,733
                                  Investment properties (note 5)                                                                                                               8,108             7,870
                                                                                                                                                                             237,052           226,810

                                  Insurance contract assets (note 9)                                                                                                           1,171             1,193
                                  Reinsurance contract held assets (note 9)                                                                                                   17,843            17,332
                                  Assets held for sale (note 3)                                                                                                                   —              4,467
                                  Goodwill                                                                                                                                    11,160            11,249
                                  Intangible assets                                                                                                                            4,812             4,484
                                  Derivative financial instruments                                                                                                             1,930             2,219
                                  Owner occupied properties                                                                                                                      761               731
                                  Fixed assets                                                                                                                                   337               335
                                  Accounts and interest receivable                                                                                                             5,607             4,863
                                  Other assets                                                                                                                                15,046            14,483
                                  Current income taxes                                                                                                                           342               260
                                  Deferred tax assets                                                                                                                          1,824             1,848
                                  Investments on account of segregated fund policyholders (note 10)                                                                          481,856           422,956
                                  Total assets                                                                                                               $               779,741 $         713,230

                                  Liabilities
                                  Insurance contract liabilities (note 9)                                                                                    $               153,349 $         144,388
                                  Investment contract liabilities                                                                                                             87,631            88,919




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  Reinsurance contract held liabilities (note 9)                                                                                                 830               648
                                  Liabilities held for sale (note 3)                                                                                                              —              2,407
                                  Debentures and other debt instruments                                                                                                        9,112             9,046
                                  Derivative financial instruments                                                                                                             1,516             1,288
                                  Accounts payable                                                                                                                             3,193             3,216
                                  Other liabilities                                                                                                                            9,904             9,587
                                  Current income taxes                                                                                                                           262               137
                                  Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                                                       777               787
                                  Insurance contracts on account of segregated fund policyholders (note 9)                                                                    65,226            60,302
                                  Investment contracts on account of segregated fund policyholders                                                                           416,630           362,654
                                  Total liabilities                                                                                                                          748,430           683,379

                                  Equity
                                  Non-controlling interests
                                     Participating account surplus in subsidiaries                                                                                              3,020              2,847
                                     Non-controlling interests in subsidiaries                                                                                                     68                168
                                  Shareholders' equity
                                     Share capital
                                           Limited recourse capital notes                                                                                                      1,500             1,500
                                           Preferred shares                                                                                                                    2,720             2,720
                                           Common shares (note 11)                                                                                                             6,037             6,000
                                     Accumulated surplus                                                                                                                      16,666            15,492
                                     Accumulated other comprehensive income                                                                                                    1,094               890
                                     Contributed surplus                                                                                                                         206               234
                                  Total equity                                                                                                                                31,311            29,851
                                  Total liabilities and equity                                                                                               $               779,741 $         713,230




                                                                                                                 Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2024 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements       49


                                       B  50                                          P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity (unaudited)



(in Canadian $ millions)                                                                                        September 30, 2024
                                                                                                               Accumulated
                                                                                                                   other                            Non-
                                                                     Share            Contributed Accumulated comprehensive                      controlling           Total
                                                                    capital             surplus     surplus    income (loss)                      interests           equity
Balance, beginning of year                                      $       10,220 $                 234 $            15,492 $                890 $          3,015 $            29,851
Net earnings - common shareholders, before
  preferred dividends                                                          —                   —                2,921                  —                 72              2,993
Other comprehensive income                                                     —                   —                       —              204                98               302
                                                                        10,220                   234              18,413                1,094            3,185              33,146
Dividends to shareholders
  Preferred shareholders (note 12)                                             —                   —                   (97)                —                 —                  (97)
  Common shareholders                                                          —                   —               (1,552)                 —                 —              (1,552)
Shares exercised and issued under share-based
  payment plans (note 11)                                                      54                   (4)                    —               —                    5               55
Shares purchased and cancelled under normal
  course issuer bid (note 11)                                                  (17)                —                   (98)                —                 —                (115)
Impact of sale of discontinued operations                                      —                  (32)                     —               —                (99)              (131)
Share-based payment plans expense                                              —                    8                      —               —                 —                    8
Derecognition of non-controlling interest in
  subsidiary                                                                   —                   —                       —               —                  (3)                (3)
Balance, end of period                                          $       10,257 $                 206 $            16,666 $              1,094 $          3,088 $            31,311

                                                                                                                 September 30, 2023
                                                                                                                                Accumulated




                                                                                                                                                                                       PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                                                                                                                    other            Non-
                                                                     Share            Contributed         Accumulated          comprehensive      controlling          Total
                                                                     capital            surplus             surplus             income (loss)      interests           equity
Balance, beginning of year                                      $       10,011 $                 209 $            14,976 $                713 $          2,886 $            28,795
Impact of initial application of IFRS 9                                        —                   —                   (33)                 3                —                  (30)
Revised balance, beginning of year                                      10,011                   209              14,943                  716            2,886              28,765
Net earnings - common shareholders, before
  preferred dividends                                                          —                   —                2,095                  —                 22              2,117
Other comprehensive income (loss)                                              —                   —                       —              201                 (4)             197
                                                                        10,011                   209              17,038                  917            2,904              31,079
Dividends to shareholders
  Preferred shareholders (note 12)                                             —                   —                   (97)                —                 —                  (97)
   Common shareholders                                                         —                   —               (1,453)                 —                 —              (1,453)
Issued in business acquisition                                                 89                  —                   —                   —                 —                  89
Shares exercised and issued under share-based
  payment plans (note 11)                                                    106                  (46)                     —               —                 35                 95
Shares purchased and cancelled under normal
  course issuer bid (note 11)                                                  (28)                —                 (143)                 —                 —                (171)
Equity settlement of Putnam share-based plans                                  —                   —                       —               —                (13)                (13)
Shares cancelled under Putnam share-based plans                                —                    3                      —               —                    2                 5
Share-based payment plans expense                                              —                   58                      —               —                 —                  58
Acquisition of non-controlling interest in subsidiary                          —                   —                   (27)                —                (36)                (63)
Dilution loss on non-controlling interests                                     —                   —                   (30)                —                 30                 —
Balance, end of period                                          $       10,178 $                 224 $            15,288 $                917 $          2,922 $            29,529




                                                                                          Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2024 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements         50


                             P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                            B  51
                                  Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (unaudited)



                                      (in Canadian $ millions)                                                                                                                     For the nine months
                                                                                                                                                                                   ended September 30
                                                                                                                                                                                2024                 2023 1
                                      Operations
                                        Earnings before income taxes                                                                                                  $                  3,433 $              2,306
                                        Income taxes paid, net of refunds received                                                                                                           (522)             (319)
                                        Adjustments:
                                           Change in insurance contract liabilities                                                                                                      6,279                (1,706)
                                           Change in investment contract liabilities                                                                                                    (2,585)               (6,425)
                                           Change in reinsurance contract held liabilities                                                                                                   157                181
                                           Change in reinsurance contract held assets                                                                                                        (195)            1,005
                                           Change in insurance contract assets                                                                                                                40               (522)
                                           Changes in fair value through profit or loss                                                                                                 (4,657)               4,553
                                           Sales, maturities and repayments of portfolio investments                                                                                   31,164               31,323
                                           Purchases of portfolio investments                                                                                                         (29,701)              (28,301)
                                           Other                                                                                                                                             (662)              990
                                                                                                                                                                                         2,751                3,085
                                      Financing Activities
                                        Issue of common shares                                                                                                                                54                106
                                        Purchased and cancelled common shares                                                                                                                (115)             (171)
                                        Repayment of euro denominated debt                                                                                                                     —               (735)
                                        Decrease in line of credit of subsidiaries                                                                                                            (60)             (602)




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                        Dividends paid on common shares                                                                                                                 (1,552)               (1,453)
                                        Dividends paid on preferred shares                                                                                                                    (97)               (97)
                                                                                                                                                                                        (1,770)               (2,952)
                                      Investment Activities
                                        Impact from sale of discontinued operations                                                                                                          (211)                —
                                        Investment in associates and joint ventures                                                                                                          (116)             (123)
                                        Business acquisitions, net of cash and cash equivalents acquired                                                                                      (76)               (8)
                                                                                                                                                                                             (403)             (131)

                                      Effect of changes in exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents                                                                                       192                 34
                                      Increase in cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                                  770                 36
                                      Cash and cash equivalents from continuing and discontinued operations, beginning of year                                                           8,117                7,290
                                      Cash and cash equivalents from continuing and discontinued operations, end of period                                            $                  8,887 $              7,326
                                      Less: Cash and cash equivalents from discontinued operations, end of period                                                                              —                348
                                      Cash and cash equivalents from continuing operations, end of period                                                             $                  8,887 $              6,978


                                      Supplementary cash flow information
                                        Interest income received                                                                                                      $                  5,649 $              5,360
                                        Interest paid                                                                                                                                        246                286
                                        Dividend income received                                                                                                                             363                301

                                  1
                                       The Company has reclassified certain comparative figures to conform to the current period's presentation. These classifications had no impact on the equity or net
                                       earnings of the Company.




                                                                                                                          Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2024 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements          51


                                           B  52                                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)


(in Canadian $ millions except per share amounts and where otherwise indicated)

1.   Corporate Information
Great-West Lifeco Inc. (Lifeco or the Company) is a publicly listed company (Toronto Stock Exchange: GWO), incorporated
and domiciled in Canada. The registered address of the Company is 100 Osborne Street North, Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada,
R3C 1V3. Lifeco is a member of the Power Corporation of Canada (Power Corporation) group of companies and is a subsidiary
of Power Corporation.
Lifeco is a financial services holding company with interests in the life insurance, health insurance, retirement savings, wealth
and asset management, and reinsurance businesses, primarily in Canada, the United States and Europe through its operating
subsidiaries including The Canada Life Assurance Company (Canada Life) and Empower Annuity Insurance Company of
America (Empower).
The condensed consolidated interim unaudited financial statements (financial statements) of the Company as at and for the
three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 were approved by the Board of Directors on November 6, 2024.

2.   Basis of Presentation and Summary of Material Accounting Policies
These financial statements should be read in conjunction with the Company's December 31, 2023 consolidated annual audited
financial statements and notes thereto.
The financial statements of the Company at September 30, 2024 have been prepared in compliance with the requirements of
International Accounting Standard (IAS) 34, Interim Financial Reporting as issued by the International Accounting Standards
Board (IASB) using the same accounting policies and methods of computation followed in the consolidated annual audited
financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2023 except as described below.




                                                                                                                                                                            PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
Changes in Accounting Policies
The Company adopted the amendments to International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) for IAS 7, Statement of Cash
Flows, IFRS 7, Financial Instruments: Disclosures, and IFRS 16, Leases effective January 1, 2024. The adoption of these
amendments did not have a material impact on the Company's financial statements.
Use of Significant Judgments, Estimates and Assumptions
In preparation of these financial statements, management is required to make significant judgments, estimates and
assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, net earnings and related disclosures. Although some
uncertainty is inherent in these judgments and estimates, management believes that the amounts recorded are reasonable. Key
sources of estimation uncertainty and areas where significant judgments have been made are further described in the relevant
accounting policies as described in note 2 of the Company's December 31, 2023 consolidated annual audited financial
statements and notes thereto.




                                                                                     Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2024 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements   52


                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                            B  53
                                  Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)



                                  Future Accounting Policies
                                  The Company actively monitors changes in IFRS, both proposed and released, by the IASB for potential impact on the
                                  Company. The following sets out standards released and updates to the Company’s analysis since the year ended December 31,
                                  2023:

                                  New Standard                                         Summary of Future Changes
                                  IFRS 18 – Presentation and Disclosure in             In April 2024, the IASB published IFRS 18, Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements
                                  Financial Statements                                 (IFRS 18). The standard aims to improve how companies communicate information in their
                                                                                       financial statements, with a focus on information about financial performance in the statement of
                                                                                       earnings.
                                                                                       IFRS 18 will require companies to:
                                                                                            •      Provide defined subtotals in the statement of earnings;
                                                                                            •      Disclose information for any management-defined performance measures related to the
                                                                                                   statement of earnings; and
                                                                                            •      Implement principles for the grouping of information in the financial statements, and
                                                                                                   whether to provide it in the primary financial statements or notes.

                                                                                       The standard is effective for annual reporting periods beginning on or after January 1, 2027, with
                                                                                       earlier application permitted. The Company is evaluating the impact of the adoption of this
                                                                                       standard.
                                  IFRS 9 – Financial Instruments and IFRS 7 –          In May 2024, the IASB published amendments to IFRS 9, Financial Instruments and IFRS 7,
                                  Financial Instruments: Disclosures                   Financial Instruments: Disclosures. The amendments clarify the classification of financial assets
                                                                                       with environmental, social and corporate governance and similar features, the settlement of
                                                                                       liabilities through electronic payment systems, and introduce additional disclosure requirements to
                                                                                       enhance transparency for investors.
                                                                                       These amendments are effective for annual reporting periods beginning on or after January 1,
                                                                                       2026, with earlier application permitted. The Company is evaluating the impact of the adoption of
                                                                                       these amendments.




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  3.      Business Acquisitions and Other Transactions

                                  (a) Sale of Putnam US Holdings I, LLC (Putnam Investments)
                                  On January 1, 2024, the Company completed the sale of Putnam Investments to Franklin Resources, Inc., operating as Franklin
                                  Templeton, in exchange for Franklin Templeton common shares, cash, and contingent consideration of up to U.S. $375 over a
                                  five to seven-year period. The Company has retained its controlling interest in PanAgora Holdings Inc. and its subsidiary
                                  PanAgora Asset Management Inc. (collectively PanAgora), a quantitative asset manager, and certain assets, including deferred
                                  tax assets, related to Putnam Investments. The Company currently holds approximately 31,600,000 Franklin Templeton
                                  common shares and will hold a majority of these shares for a minimum five-year period.
                                  In the 2023 financial statements, the net earnings (loss) and cash flows of Putnam Investments were classified as discontinued
                                  operations within the United States operating segment, and the related assets and liabilities were classified as held for sale.
                                  Financial information relating to the sale of the discontinued operation is set out below, reflecting total estimated fair value of
                                  consideration of $1,909. Included in the results for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 are $115 of closing costs and
                                  final adjustments to the carrying value, resulting in a net gain on sale of $44 after-tax.
                                  Details of the Sale of Putnam Investments

                                                                                                                                                                                                    January 1, 2024
                                  Consideration received or receivable
                                       Fair value of Franklin Templeton Common Shares (U.S. $29.79 per share)                                                    $                  1,321
                                       Net cash and other deferred and contingent consideration                                                                                         588
                                       Non-controlling interest in sale of Putnam Investments                                                                                           (123)
                                       Total net proceeds on disposal of Putnam Investments                                                                                                     $              1,786
                                  Net carrying value of net assets sold
                                       Carrying value                                                                                                            $                  2,010
                                       Foreign exchange translation gains reclassified to earnings on disposal of foreign operations                                                    (211)
                                  Net carrying value of discontinued operations                                                                                                                 $              1,799
                                                                                                                                                                                                $                (13)
                                  Income tax recovery                                                                                                                                                             57
                                  Net gain on sale after income tax                                                                                                                             $                 44




                                                                                                                     Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2024 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements                  53


                                          B  54                                           P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)



(b) Acquisition of Investment Planning Counsel
On November 30, 2023, Canada Life completed the acquisition of 100% of the equity of Investment Planning Counsel Inc., an
independent wealth management firm, from IGM Financial Inc. (IGM) for total purchase consideration of $585. The
acquisition extends Canada Life’s wealth management reach and capabilities. IGM is an affiliated company and a member of
the Power Corporation group of companies. Therefore, the transaction was reviewed and approved by the Conduct Review
Committee of each of the Company and Canada Life.
During the third quarter of 2024, the Company completed its comprehensive valuation of the fair value of the net assets
acquired, and the purchase price allocation.
Initial goodwill presented in the Company’s December 31, 2023 consolidated annual audited financial statements of $583 was
adjusted upon completion of the purchase price allocation. Adjustments were made to the provisional amounts disclosed in
the Company’s December 31, 2023 consolidated annual audited financial statements, mainly due to the recognition and
measurement of intangible assets. Intangible assets recognized include customer contracts of $230, which have accumulated
amortization of $6 as at September 30, 2024.
Comparative information in the Company’s consolidated financial statements has not been restated.
The Company determined the fair value of the intangible assets using the valuation techniques that incorporate projections of
discounted cash flows by applying judgments and estimates for customer retention, forecasted revenues, earnings and
discount rates.
The amounts assigned to the assets acquired, goodwill, and liabilities assumed on November 30, 2023, reported as at
September 30, 2024 are as follows:

Assets acquired and goodwill
  Cash                                                                                                                                                    $                  31




                                                                                                                                                                                    PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
  Goodwill                                                                                                                                                                  371
  Intangible assets                                                                                                                                                         230
  Fixed assets                                                                                                                                                                3
  Accounts receivable                                                                                                                                                        33
  Other assets                                                                                                                                                              279
  Current income taxes                                                                                                                                                        1
Total assets acquired and goodwill                                                                                                                        $                 948
Liabilities assumed
  Accounts payable                                                                                                                                        $                  38
  Other liabilities                                                                                                                                                         294
  Current income taxes                                                                                                                                                        1
  Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                                                                                   30
Total liabilities assumed                                                                                                                                 $                 363

The following provides the change in the carrying value of goodwill from December 31, 2023 to September 30, 2024:

Goodwill previously reported at December 31, 2023                                                                                                         $                 583
Recognition and measurement of intangible assets                                                                                                                            (230)
Recognition of deferred tax liabilities on intangible assets and other measurement period adjustments                                                                        18
Goodwill reported at September 30, 2024                                                                                                                   $                 371

(c)   Acquisition of Value Partners
On September 8, 2023, Canada Life completed the acquisition of 100% of the equity of Value Partners Group Inc., a Winnipeg
based investment firm that serves clients with complex and sophisticated wealth needs.
During the third quarter of 2024, the comprehensive valuation of the fair value of the net assets acquired including intangible
assets and the final purchase price allocation was completed. As a result, initial goodwill presented in the December 31, 2023
consolidated annual audited financial statements of $119 recognized upon the acquisition was adjusted to $68, mainly due to
the recognition and measurement of intangible assets. Comparative information in the Company’s consolidated financial
statements has not been restated.




                                                                                          Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2024 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements      54


                             P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                            B  55
                                  Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)



                                  (d) Strategic Relationship with Power Sustainable
                                  On May 6, 2024, the Company announced that it had agreed to enter into a long-term strategic partnership with Power
                                  Sustainable Manager Inc. (Power Sustainable), a climate-focused investment manager and a subsidiary of Power Corporation.
                                  Under the transaction, the Company became a minority shareholder in Power Sustainable, with an ownership share of slightly
                                  below 20% on a fully diluted basis, and has agreed to invest in certain funds across Power Sustainable’s investment strategies in
                                  the future. Power Corporation remains the controlling shareholder of Power Sustainable. Power Sustainable is a related party,
                                  therefore the transaction was reviewed and approved by the Company’s Conduct Review Committee. The investment in Power
                                  Sustainable is not material to the Company.

                                  4.    Restructuring and Integration Expenses

                                  (a) Canada Restructuring
                                  The Company recorded a restructuring provision of nil and $23 in Canada for the three and nine months ended September 30,
                                  2024, respectively ($21 in the shareholder account and $2 in the participating account for the nine months ended September
                                  30, 2024). The restructuring is related to the transitioning of some of the information technology operations functions to a
                                  managed service arrangement with an external provider. As at September 30, 2024, the Company has a provision of $9
                                  remaining in other liabilities related to this restructuring. The Company expects to utilize a significant portion of these amounts
                                  during 2024.
                                  (b) Empower Restructuring and Integration
                                  The Company recorded a restructuring provision of nil and $29 in the United States for the three and nine months ended
                                  September 30, 2024, respectively (nil and $5 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively). As at
                                  September 30, 2024, the Company has a provision of $11 remaining in other liabilities related to this restructuring ($7 at
                                  December 31, 2023). The Company expects to pay out a significant portion of these amounts during the year. The restructuring




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  is primarily attributable to staff reductions and other exit costs related to the Company's acquisition of the retirement services
                                  businesses of Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Company and Prudential Financial, Inc. (Prudential). The Company does
                                  not expect to incur further restructuring and integration expenses associated with the Prudential acquisition during the year.
                                  The Company recorded integration expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings of nil and $43 for the three and nine
                                  months ended September 30, 2024, respectively ($17 and $66 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023,
                                  respectively).
                                  (c)   Europe Restructuring
                                  During the third quarter of 2024, the Company recorded a restructuring provision of $23 within restructuring and integration
                                  expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings in the Europe operating segment. At September 30, 2024, the Company
                                  has a restructuring provision of $107 remaining in other liabilities ($106 at December 31, 2023). The restructuring relates to
                                  provisions for staff reductions as well as other business transformation initiatives as disclosed in the Company's December 31,
                                  2023 consolidated annual audited financial statements.




                                                                                                            Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2024 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements   55


                                        B  56                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)



5.          Portfolio Investments

(a) Carrying Values and Estimated Fair Values of Portfolio Investments are as Follows:
                                                                                            September 30, 2024                                    December 31, 2023
                                                                                  Carrying value                 Fair value               Carrying value              Fair value
    Bonds
      Fair value through profit or loss (FVTPL) - designated                  $               148,052 $                       148,052 $           143,506 $                   143,506
      FVTPL - mandatory                                                                           1,851                         1,851                  1,795                    1,795
      Fair value through other comprehensive income (FVOCI)                                    12,199                          12,199                 11,750                   11,750
                                                                                              162,102                         162,102             157,051                     157,051
    Mortgage loans
      FVTPL - designated                                                                       29,352                          29,352                 29,211                   29,211
      FVTPL - mandatory                                                                           4,865                         4,865                  4,203                    4,203
      FVOCI                                                                                         580                          580                    578                         578
      Amortized cost                                                                              4,688                         4,162                  4,422                    3,923
                                                                                               39,485                          38,959                 38,414                   37,915
    Stocks
      FVTPL - mandatory                                                                        16,629                          16,629                 14,890                   14,890
      FVOCI - designated 1                                                                          858                          858                       —                          —
      Equity method                                                                                 983                          952                    843                         777
                                                                                               18,470                          18,439                 15,733                   15,667




                                                                                                                                                                                            PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
    Investment properties                                                                         8,108                         8,108                  7,870                    7,870
    Total                                                                     $               228,165 $                       227,608 $           219,068 $                   218,503

1
     Represents Franklin Templeton common shares received on the sale of Putnam Investments.

(b) Net Investment Income Comprises the Following:
                                                                                                  Mortgage                              Investment
    For the three months ended September 30, 2024                                 Bonds            loans                Stocks           properties        Other             Total
    Net investment income:
      Investment income earned                                               $         1,725 $               379 $               144 $         128 $               (24) $       2,352
      Net realized losses on derecognition of FVOCI assets                                  (1)                —                  —              —                 —                  (1)
      Gains on derecognition of amortized cost assets                                      —                   —                  —              —                 —                  —
      Net expected credit loss (ECL) recovery                                              —                    3                 —              —                 —                   3
      Other income and expenses                                                            —                   —                  —             (52)               (53)             (105)
                                                                                       1,724                 382                 144             76                (77)         2,249
    Changes in fair value on FVTPL assets:
      FVTPL - designated                                                               4,428                 773                  —              —             585              5,786
      FVTPL - mandatory                                                                    —                 128               1,016             —                 —            1,144
      Recorded at fair value                                                               —                   —                  —             (24)               —                 (24)
                                                                                       4,428                 901               1,016            (24)           585              6,906
    Total                                                                    $         6,152 $            1,283 $              1,160 $           52 $          508 $            9,155




                                                                                             Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2024 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements           56


                                P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                                 B  57
                                  Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)



                                                                                                                       Mortgage                               Investment
                                  For the three months ended September 30, 2023                       Bonds             loans                Stocks            properties           Other          Total
                                  Net investment income:
                                    Investment income earned                                     $         1,651 $               364 $               107 $               126 $          137 $         2,385
                                    Net realized losses on derecognition of FVOCI assets                      (17)                 —                   —                   —                —              (17)
                                    Gains on derecognition of amortized cost assets                            —                   —                   —                   —                —              —
                                    Net ECL (charge) recovery                                                  —                  (10)                 —                   —                —              (10)
                                    Other income and expenses                                                  —                   —                   —                 (45)               (42)           (87)
                                                                                                           1,634                 354                 107                  81                95        2,271
                                  Changes in fair value on FVTPL assets:
                                    FVTPL - designated                                                    (3,859)               (325)                  —                   —            (805)        (4,989)
                                    FVTPL - mandatory                                                          —                  (61)              (254)                  —                —          (315)
                                    Recorded at fair value                                                     —                   —                   —                (153)               —          (153)
                                                                                                          (3,859)               (386)               (254)               (153)           (805)        (5,457)
                                  Total                                                          $        (2,225) $               (32) $            (147) $              (72) $         (710) $      (3,186)

                                                                                                                      Mortgage                               Investment
                                  For the nine months ended September 30, 2024                       Bonds             loans                 Stocks           properties            Other          Total
                                  Net investment income:
                                    Investment income earned                                     $         5,148 $            1,126 $                477 $               379 $          197 $         7,327
                                    Net realized losses on derecognition of FVOCI assets                      (39)                 —                   —                   —                —              (39)
                                    Gains on derecognition of amortized cost assets                            —                     1                 —                   —                —               1
                                    Net ECL recovery                                                           —                     7                 —                   —                —               7




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                    Other income and expenses                                                  —                   —                   —                (146)           (152)          (298)
                                                                                                           5,109              1,134                  477                 233                45        6,998
                                  Changes in fair value on FVTPL assets:
                                    FVTPL - designated                                                     1,794                 890                   —                   —            471           3,155
                                    FVTPL - mandatory                                                           (3)                93             1,524                    —                —         1,614
                                    Recorded at fair value                                                     —                   —                   —                (112)               —          (112)
                                                                                                           1,791                 983              1,524                 (112)           471           4,657
                                  Total                                                          $         6,900 $            2,117 $             2,001 $                121 $          516 $       11,655

                                                                                                                       Mortgage                               Investment
                                  For the nine months ended September 30, 2023                        Bonds             loans                Stocks            properties           Other          Total
                                  Net investment income:
                                    Investment income earned                                     $         4,927 $            1,061 $                351 $               377 $          218 $         6,934
                                    Net realized losses on derecognition of FVOCI assets                    (231)                  —                   —                   —                —          (231)
                                    Gains on derecognition of amortized cost assets                            —                     8                 —                   —                —                8
                                    Net ECL (charge) recovery                                                   (1)                 (8)                —                   —                —               (9)
                                    Other income and expenses                                                  —                   —                   —                (144)           (125)          (269)
                                                                                                           4,695              1,061                  351                 233                93        6,433
                                  Changes in fair value on FVTPL assets:
                                    FVTPL - designated                                                    (3,347)               (358)                  —                   —            (464)        (4,169)
                                    FVTPL - mandatory                                                          —                (161)                142                   —                —              (19)
                                    Recorded at fair value                                                     —                   —                   —                (365)               —          (365)
                                                                                                          (3,347)               (519)                142                (365)           (464)        (4,553)
                                  Total                                                          $         1,348 $               542 $               493 $              (132) $         (371) $       1,880

                                  Investment income from bonds and mortgages includes interest income, and premium and discount amortization. Investment
                                  income from stocks includes dividends, distributions from private equity and equity income from the investment in IGM.
                                  Investment properties income includes rental income earned on investment properties, ground rent income earned on leased
                                  and sub-leased land, fee recoveries, lease cancellation income, and interest and other investment income earned on
                                  investment properties. Other investment income includes foreign exchange gains and losses, income earned from derivative
                                  financial instruments and other miscellaneous income.




                                                                                                                 Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2024 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements             57


                                          B  58                                       P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)



6.     Risk Management
The Company has policies relating to the identification, measurement, management, monitoring and reporting of risks
associated with financial instruments and insurance contracts. The key risks related to financial instruments are credit risk,
liquidity risk and market risk (currency, interest rate and equity). The Risk Committee of the Board of Directors is responsible
for the oversight of the Company's key risks. The Company's approach to risk management has not substantially changed from
that described in the Company's 2023 Annual Report. Certain risks have been outlined below. For a discussion of the
Company's risk governance structure and risk management approach see the "Risk Management" note in the Company's
December 31, 2023 consolidated annual audited financial statements.
The Company has also established policies and procedures designed to identify, measure and report all material risks.
Management is responsible for establishing capital management procedures for implementing and monitoring the capital
plan. The Board of Directors reviews and approves all capital transactions undertaken by management.
(a) Credit Risk
Credit risk is the risk of loss resulting from an obligor's potential inability or unwillingness to fully meet its contractual
obligations.
(i) Concentration of Credit Risk
Concentrations of credit risk arise from exposures to a single obligor, a group of related obligors or groups of obligors that have
similar credit risk characteristics and operate in the same geographic region or in similar industries. The characteristics are
similar in that changes in economic or political environments may impact their ability to meet obligations as they come due.
No significant changes have occurred from the year ended December 31, 2023.
(ii) Expected Credit Losses




                                                                                                                                                                             PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
The majority of the Company's financial assets are measured at FVTPL and therefore are not subject to the ECL model. The
ECL model only applies to FVOCI and amortized cost fixed income investments. The ECL allowance was $33 at September 30,
2024, of which $5 was Stage 1, $24 was Stage 2 and $4 was Stage 3 ($37 at December 31, 2023, of which $4 was Stage 1, $29 was
Stage 2 and $4 was Stage 3).
(iii) Credit Impact on Financial Assets Designated as FVTPL
The carrying value of the Company’s portfolio investments designated as FVTPL represents the maximum exposure to credit
risk for those assets. The change in fair value attributable to the change in credit risk of these assets is generally insignificant in
the absence of significant credit events occurring on specific assets. Fair value losses of $22 and $46 for the three and nine
months ended September 30, 2024, respectively (nil and $17 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023,
respectively) are reflected in changes in fair value on FVTPL assets in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings related to
significant credit events occurring on assets designated at FVTPL.
(b) Liquidity Risk
Liquidity risk is the risk that the Company will not be able to meet all cash outflow obligations as they come due. The following
policies and procedures are in place to manage this risk:
•     The Company closely manages operating liquidity through cash flow matching of assets and liabilities and forecasting
      earned and required yields, to ensure consistency between policyholder requirements and the yield of assets.
•     Management closely monitors the solvency and capital positions of its principal subsidiaries opposite liquidity
      requirements at the holding company. Additional liquidity is available through established lines of credit or via capital
      market transactions. The Company maintains committed lines of credit with Canadian chartered banks.
(c)    Market Risk
Market risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument and the value of insurance and
investment contract liabilities will fluctuate as a result of changes in market factors which include three types: currency risk,
interest rate (including related inflation) risk and equity risk.




                                                                                      Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2024 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements   58


                         P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                            B  59
                                  Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)



                                  Caution Related to Risk Sensitivities
                                  These financial statements include estimates of sensitivities and risk exposure measures for certain risks, such as the sensitivity
                                  due to specific changes in interest rate levels projected and market prices as at the valuation date. Actual results can differ
                                  significantly from these estimates for a variety of reasons including, but not limited to, changes in the Company’s asset or
                                  liability profile, changes in business mix, effective income tax rates, other market factors, differences in the actual exposure
                                  relative to broad market indices, variation in exposures by geography, and general limitations of the Company’s internal
                                  models.
                                  For these reasons, the sensitivities should only be viewed as directional estimates of the underlying sensitivities for the
                                  respective factors. Given the nature of these calculations, the Company cannot provide assurance that the actual impact on
                                  shareholders' net earnings will be as indicated.
                                  (i) Currency Risk
                                  Currency risk relates to the Company operating and holding financial instruments in different currencies. For the assets
                                  backing insurance and investment contract liabilities that are not matched by currency, changes in foreign exchange rates can
                                  expose the Company to the risk of foreign exchange losses not offset by liability decreases.
                                  •   A 10% weakening of the Canadian dollar against foreign currencies would be expected to increase non-participating
                                      insurance and investment contract liabilities and their supporting assets by approximately the same amount resulting in
                                      an immaterial immediate change to net earnings. A 10% strengthening of the Canadian dollar against foreign currencies
                                      would be expected to decrease non-participating insurance and investment contract liabilities and their supporting assets
                                      by approximately the same amount resulting in an immaterial immediate change in shareholders' net earnings.
                                  The Company has net investments in foreign operations. The Company’s debt obligations are denominated in Canadian
                                  dollars, euros, and U.S. dollars. In accordance with IFRS, foreign currency translation gains and losses from net investments in
                                  foreign operations, net of related hedging activities and tax effects, are recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income.




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  Strengthening or weakening of the Canadian dollar spot rate compared to the U.S. dollar, British pound and euro spot rates
                                  impacts the Company’s total equity. Correspondingly, the Company’s book value per share and capital ratios monitored by
                                  rating agencies are also impacted.
                                  (ii) Interest Rate Risk
                                  Interest rate risk exists if asset and liability cash flows are not closely matched and interest rates change, causing a difference in
                                  the value of assets and the value of liabilities. The following policies and procedures are in place to mitigate the Company's
                                  exposure to interest rate risk:
                                  •   Interest rate risk is managed by investing in assets that are suitable for the products sold.
                                  •   The Company utilizes a formal process for managing the matching of assets and liabilities. This involves grouping general
                                      fund assets and liabilities into segments. Assets in each segment are managed in relation to the liabilities in the segment.
                                  •   For products with fixed and highly predictable benefit payments, investments are generally made in fixed income assets or
                                      investment properties whose cash flows closely match the liability product cash flows. Where assets are not available to
                                      match certain period cash flows, such as long-tail cash flows, a portion of these are invested in equities and other non-fixed
                                      income assets, while the rest are duration matched.
                                  •   Hedging instruments are employed when there is a lack of suitable permanent investments or to manage the level of loss
                                      exposure to interest rate changes.
                                  •   To the extent asset and liability cash flows are matched, protection against interest rate change is achieved and any change
                                      in the fair value of the assets will be offset by a similar change in the fair value of the liabilities.
                                  •   For products with less predictable timing of benefit payments, investments are made in fixed income assets with cash flows
                                      of a shorter duration than the anticipated timing of benefit payments, or equities and other non-fixed income assets.
                                  •   The risk associated with the mismatch in portfolio duration and cash flow, asset prepayment exposure and the pace of
                                      asset acquisition are quantified and reviewed regularly.
                                  The impact to shareholders' net earnings from changes in the interest rates would be largely offset by changes in the value of
                                  financial assets supporting the liabilities. However, differences in the interest rate sensitivity in the value of assets and the value
                                  of insurance and investment contract liabilities leads to a sensitivity to interest rate movements in shareholders' net earnings
                                  under IFRS 17, Insurance Contracts (IFRS 17) and IFRS 9, Financial Instruments (IFRS 9).
                                  The Company's asset liability management strategy uses public equities and other non-fixed income assets as a component of
                                  general fund assets supporting liabilities, which leads to interest rate exposure in the net earnings. Further, the classification of



                                                                                                             Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2024 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements   59


                                       B  60                                      P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)


financial assets under IFRS 9, such as mortgage assets in the United Kingdom which are carried at amortized cost and held in
the general fund assets supporting liabilities, also contributes to interest rate exposure in shareholders' net earnings.
The impact to shareholders' net earnings and equity from an immediate parallel 50 basis point increase or decrease in interest
rates is illustrated in the table below, rounded to the nearest $25:
Change in Market Yield Curves

                                                                                    September 30, 2024                                   December 31, 2023
                                                                       Increase 50 basis            Decrease 50 basis           Increase 50 basis      Decrease 50 basis
                                                                        points interest              points interest              points interest       points interest
                                                                             rates                       rates                        rates                  rates
Shareholders' net earnings                                            $                     150 $                     (175) $                  175 $                   (225)
Shareholders' equity                                                                        100                       (150)                    150                     (225)

The sensitivities above reflect the immediate impacts on shareholders' net earnings and shareholders’ equity from market
movements.
Actual impacts of interest rate changes will vary depending upon the geography where the changes occur. Net earnings are
positively impacted by a parallel increase in interest rates in Canada, United States and the United Kingdom, and are positively
impacted by a parallel decrease in interest rates in the eurozone. Actual impacts of interest rate changes also vary by the level of
change in interest rates by term. Therefore, actual impacts from interest rate changes may differ from the estimated impact of
parallel movements in all geographies, which is presented above.
The potential impact on shareholders' net earnings of the Company does not take into account any future potential changes to
the Company's ultimate investment rate (UIR) assumptions. As at both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the
sensitivity of shareholders' net earnings of the Company to a 10 basis point increase or decrease in the UIR in all geographies




                                                                                                                                                                               PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
would be an increase of $25 or a decrease of $25 post-tax, respectively.
The impact to shareholders' net earnings and equity from an immediate parallel 50 basis point increase or decrease in credit
spreads is illustrated in the table below, rounded to the nearest $25, with no change to the ultimate illiquidity premium:
Change in Credit Spreads

                                                                                    September 30, 2024                                   December 31, 2023
                                                                       Increase 50 basis            Decrease 50 basis           Increase 50 basis      Decrease 50 basis
                                                                         points credit                points credit               points interest       points interest
                                                                            spreads                     spreads                       rates                  rates
Shareholders' net earnings                                            $                     225 $                     (250) $                  300 $                   (375)
Shareholders' equity                                                                        275                       (325)                    350                     (450)

The sensitivities above reflect the immediate impacts on shareholders' net earnings and shareholders’ equity from market
movements.
Actual impacts of credit spread changes will vary depending on the geographies where the changes occur, and the changes in
credit spreads by term. A change in credit spreads may also lead to a change in the allowance for credit risk within the IFRS 17
discount rate, depending on prevailing market and credit conditions at the time; any potential earnings impacts that may arise
from such a change are not reflected in the sensitivities above.
(iii) Equity Risk
Equity risk is the uncertainty associated with the valuation of assets and liabilities arising from changes in equity markets and
other pricing risk. To mitigate this risk, the Company has investment policy guidelines in place that provide for prudent
investment in equity markets within clearly defined limits. The risks associated with segregated fund guarantees on lifetime
Guaranteed Minimum Withdrawal Benefits have been mitigated through a hedging program using equity futures, currency
forwards, and interest rate derivatives.
Some insurance and investment contract liabilities with long-tail cash flows are supported by publicly traded common stocks
and investments in other non-fixed income assets, primarily comprised of investment properties, real estate funds, private
stocks, and equity release mortgages. Shareholders' net earnings will reflect changes in the values of non-fixed income assets.
However, in most cases the value of the liabilities will not fluctuate with changes in the value of the non-fixed income assets.
The liabilities for segregated fund products with guarantees will fluctuate with changes in the value of the non-fixed income
assets. Under current market conditions, there are no earnings impacts to the Company on segregated fund business that it
does not hedge, as changes in the cost of guarantees are fully offset within the contractual service margin (CSM). For


                                                                                     Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2024 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements      60


                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                            B  61
                                  Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)


                                  segregated fund business that the Company hedges, there is a limited earnings impact with respect to the change in liability
                                  versus the change in hedge assets.
                                  On January 1, 2024, the Company completed the sale of Putnam Investments and currently holds approximately 31,600,000
                                  Franklin Templeton common shares as part of the consideration, which are classified as FVOCI. The Company will hold a
                                  majority of these shares for a minimum five-year period.
                                  The following table provides information on the expected impacts of an immediate 10% or 20% increase or decrease in the
                                  value of publicly traded common stocks on the shareholders' net earnings and equity, rounded to the nearest $25:
                                  Change in Publicly Traded Common Stock Values

                                                                                   September 30, 2024 1                                                                  December 31, 2023
                                                                   20%              10%                10%                  20%                    20%                  10%                  10%            20%
                                                                 increase         increase           decrease             decrease               increase             increase             decrease        decrease
                                      Shareholders' net
                                        earnings             $           125 $               50 $               (50) $              (125) $                225 $                100 $            (100) $         (225)
                                      Shareholders'
                                        equity                           550               275                 (275)                (550)                  525                  250              (250)           (525)

                                  1
                                       The net impact of the sale of Putnam Investments and the receipt of Franklin Templeton common shares is reflected in the September 30, 2024 values in the table above.
                                       The Franklin Templeton common shares are measured at FVOCI and therefore unrealized gains and losses do not impact shareholders' net earnings. The after-tax
                                       impact on shareholders' equity of the Franklin Templeton common shares is approximately $70 for every 10% change in the common stock equity value.

                                  The sensitivities above reflect the immediate impacts on shareholders' net earnings and shareholders’ equity from market
                                  movements.
                                  The following table provides information on the expected impacts of an immediate 5% or 10% increase or decrease in the value




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  of other non-fixed income assets on the shareholders' net earnings and equity, rounded to the nearest $25:
                                  Change in Other Non-Fixed Income Asset Values

                                                                                    September 30, 2024                                                                   December 31, 2023
                                                                   10%               5%                5%                   10%                    10%                  5%                   5%              10%
                                                                 increase          increase          decrease             decrease               increase             increase             decrease        decrease
                                      Shareholders' net
                                        earnings             $           450 $             225 $               (225) $              (475) $                400 $                200 $            (200) $         (425)
                                      Shareholders'
                                        equity                           475               225                 (250)                (500)                  450                  225              (225)           (450)

                                  The sensitivities above reflect the immediate impacts on shareholders' net earnings and shareholders’ equity from market
                                  movements.

                                  7.       Fair Value Measurement
                                  The Company’s assets and liabilities recorded at fair value have been categorized based upon the following fair value hierarchy:
                                  Level 1: Fair value measurements utilize observable, quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or
                                  liabilities that the Company has the ability to access. Assets and liabilities utilizing Level 1 inputs include actively exchange-
                                  traded equity securities, exchange-traded futures, and mutual and segregated funds which have available prices in an active
                                  market with no redemption restrictions.
                                  Level 2: Fair value measurements utilize inputs other than quoted prices included in Level 1 that are observable for the asset or
                                  liability, either directly or indirectly. Level 2 inputs include quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets, and
                                  inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability, such as interest rates and yield curves that are
                                  observable at commonly quoted intervals. The fair values for some Level 2 securities were obtained from a pricing service. The
                                  pricing service inputs include, but are not limited to, benchmark yields, reported trades, broker/dealer quotes, issuer spreads,
                                  two-sided markets, benchmark securities, offers and reference data. Level 2 assets and liabilities include those priced using a
                                  matrix which is based on credit quality and average life, government and agency securities, restricted stock, some private
                                  bonds and investment funds, most investment-grade and high-yield corporate bonds, most asset-backed securities, most over-
                                  the-counter derivatives, and mortgage loans. Investment contracts that are measured at FVTPL are mostly included in the
                                  Level 2 category.
                                  Level 3: Fair value measurements utilize one or more significant inputs that are not based on observable market inputs and
                                  include situations where there is little, if any, market activity for the asset or liability. The values of the majority of Level 3
                                  securities were obtained from single broker quotes, internal pricing models, or external appraisers. Assets and liabilities


                                                                                                                            Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2024 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements           61


                                           B  62                                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)


utilizing Level 3 inputs generally include certain bonds, certain asset-backed securities, some private equities, investments in
mutual and segregated funds where there are redemption restrictions, certain over-the-counter derivatives, investment
properties and equity release mortgages.
The following presents the Company’s assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis by hierarchy level:

                                                                              September 30, 2024                                                  December 31, 2023
    Assets measured at fair value                             Level 1          Level 2          Level 3            Total          Level 1         Level 2      Level 3         Total
    Cash and cash equivalents                             $       8,887 $               — $               — $          8,887 $       7,742 $            — $            — $          7,742
    Financial assets at FVTPL
       Bonds                                                           —        149,726                 177        149,903              —         145,049            252       145,301
       Mortgage loans                                                  —          29,353             4,864           34,217             —           29,211         4,203           33,414
       Stocks                                                   11,549                232            4,848           16,629         10,863             218         3,809           14,890
    Total financial assets at FVTPL                             11,549          179,311              9,889         200,749          10,863        174,478          8,264       193,605
    Financial assets at FVOCI
       Bonds                                                           —          12,199                  —          12,199             —           11,750             —           11,750
       Mortgage loans                                                  —              580                 —              580            —              578             —             578
       Stocks                                                        858                —                 —              858            —               —              —               —
    Total financial assets at FVOCI                                  858          12,779                  —          13,637             —           12,328             —           12,328
    Investment properties                                              —                —            8,108             8,108            —               —          7,870            7,870
                  1
    Derivatives                                                        —            1,930                 —            1,930                1        2,218             —            2,219
                           2
    Assets held for sale                                               —                —                 —                —           614           1,006           907            2,527




                                                                                                                                                                                            PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
    Other assets:
       Trading account assets                                        242            3,202                 —            3,444           242           2,796             —            3,038
       Other 3                                                         —              204                 —              204            —              443             —             443
    Total assets measured at fair value                   $     21,536 $ 197,426 $                 17,997 $ 236,959 $               19,462 $ 193,269 $           17,041 $ 229,772


    Liabilities measured at fair value

    Derivatives 4                                         $             6 $         1,510 $               — $          1,516 $              5 $      1,283 $           — $          1,288
    Investment contract liabilities                                    —          87,631                  —          87,631             —           88,919             —           88,919
    Other liabilities                                                  —              204                 —              204            —              443             —             443
    Total liabilities measured at fair value              $             6 $       89,345 $                — $        89,351 $               5 $     90,645 $           — $         90,650

1
      Excludes collateral received from counterparties of $950 at September 30, 2024 ($1,346 at December 31, 2023).
2
      Assets held for sale measured at fair value includes cash of $375, stocks of $46 and trading account assets of $2,106 as at December 31, 2023.
3
      Includes collateral received under securities lending arrangements.
4
      Excludes collateral pledged to counterparties of $850 at September 30, 2024 ($247 at December 31, 2023).

There were no transfers of the Company's assets and liabilities between Level 1 and Level 2 during the period ended September
30, 2024 and the year ended December 31, 2023.




                                                                                                 Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2024 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements       62


                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                            B  63
                                  Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)


                                  The following presents additional information about assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis and for
                                  which the Company has utilized Level 3 inputs to determine fair value:

                                                                                                                                  For the nine months ended September 30, 2024
                                                                                                                           FVTPL                                                  Trading            Assets        Total
                                                                                                            FVTPL         mortgage            FVTPL          Investment           account           held for      Level 3
                                                                                                            bonds          loans             stocks 4         properties           assets             sale        assets
                                      Balance, beginning of year                                        $         252 $          4,203 $           3,809 $           7,870 $                — $          907 $      17,041
                                      Total gains (losses)
                                        Included in net earnings                                                    (4)            304               288               (112)                —              —           476
                                        Included in other comprehensive income 1                                    —               170               20                178                 —              —           368
                                      Purchases                                                                     21               —               947                287                 —              —         1,255
                                      Sale of discontinued operations                                               —                —                —                  —                  —            (907)        (907)
                                      Issues                                                                        —               343               —                  —                  —              —           343
                                      Sales                                                                        (21)              —              (216)              (106)                —              —          (343)
                                      Settlements                                                                   —              (156)               —                  —                 —              —          (156)
                                      Transferred to owner occupied properties                                      —                —                 —                  (9)               —              —            (9)
                                      Other                                                                         —                —                 —                  —                 —              —            —
                                      Transfers into Level 3 3                                                      —                —                 —                  —                 —              —            —
                                      Transfers out of Level 3 3                                                  (71)              —                 —                 —                   —              —           (71)
                                      Balance, end of period                                            $         177 $          4,864 $           4,848 $           8,108 $                — $            — $      17,997
                                      Total gains (losses) for the period included in net
                                        investment result                                               $           (4) $           304 $            288 $             (112) $              — $            — $         476
                                      Change in unrealized gains (losses) for the period




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                       included in net earnings for assets held at
                                       September 30, 2024                                               $           (4) $           294 $            292 $             (113) $              — $            — $         469

                                                                                                                                           For the year ended December 31, 2023
                                                                                                                            FVTPL                                                 Trading            Assets        Total
                                                                                                            FVTPL          mortgage            FVTPL          Investment          account           held for      Level 3
                                                                                                            bonds           loans             stocks 4         properties          assets             sale        assets
                                      Balance, beginning of year                                        $         195 $          3,371 $           3,029 $           8,344 $              940 $            — $      15,879
                                      Total gains (losses)
                                        Included in net earnings                                                     6              345              148               (507)               (12)            25            5
                                        Included in other comprehensive income 1                                    —                52               (12)               53                 —             (14)          79
                                      Purchases                                                                     68               —               948                191                 23             12        1,242
                                      Issues                                                                        —               569               —                  —                  —              —           569
                                      Sales                                                                        (17)              —              (304)              (211)                —             (67)        (599)
                                      Settlements                                                                   —              (134)              —                  —                  —              —          (134)
                                      Other 2                                                                       —                 —                —                  —              (951)           951            —
                                      Transfers into Level 3 3                                                      —                 —                —                  —                —              —             —
                                      Transfers out of Level 3 3                                                   —                —                 —                 —                   —             —             —
                                      Balance, end of year                                              $         252 $          4,203 $           3,809 $           7,870 $                — $          907 $      17,041
                                      Total gains (losses) for the year included in net
                                        investment result                                               $            6 $            345 $            148 $             (507) $             (12) $          25 $             5
                                      Change in unrealized gains (losses) for the year
                                        included in earnings for assets held at December 31,
                                        2023                                                 $                       6 $            334 $            148 $             (499) $              — $            25 $         14

                                  1
                                       Amount of other comprehensive income for FVTPL bonds, mortgage loans and investment properties represents the unrealized gains (losses) on foreign exchange.
                                  2
                                       Represents amounts reclassified to assets held for sale as a result of the agreement to sell Putnam Investments (note 3).
                                  3
                                       Transfers into Level 3 are due primarily to decreased observability of inputs in valuation methodologies or the placement of redemption restrictions on investments in
                                       mutual and segregated funds. Transfers out of Level 3 are due primarily to increased observability of inputs in valuation methodologies as evidenced by corroboration of
                                       market prices with multiple pricing vendors or the lifting of redemption restrictions on investments in mutual and segregated funds.
                                  4
                                       Includes investments in mutual and segregated funds where there are redemption restrictions. The fair value is based on observable, quoted prices.




                                                                                                                              Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2024 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements               63


                                            B  64                                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)


The following sets out information about significant unobservable inputs used at period-end in measuring assets and liabilities
categorized as Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy:

                                                                                                                                              Inter-relationship between
                                                                         Significant                                                          key unobservable inputs
Type of asset            Valuation approach                              unobservable input               Input value                         and fair value measurement
Investment               Investment property valuations are Discount rate                                 Range of 4.2% - 12.4%               A decrease in the discount rate
properties               generally determined using                                                                                           would result in an increase in
                         property valuation models based on                                                                                   fair value. An increase in the
                         expected capitalization rates and                                                                                    discount rate would result in a
                         models that discount expected                                                                                        decrease in fair value.
                         future net cash flows. The
                         determination of the fair value of     Reversionary rate                         Range of 4.3% - 8.0%                A decrease in the reversionary
                         investment property requires the                                                                                     rate would result in an
                         use of estimates such as future cash                                                                                 increase in fair value. An
                         flows (such as future leasing                                                                                        increase in the reversionary
                         assumptions, rental rates, capital                                                                                   rate would result in a decrease
                         and operating expenditures) and                                                                                      in fair value.
                         discount, reversionary and overall     Vacancy rate                              Weighted average of 5.1%            A decrease in the expected
                         capitalization rates applicable to the                                                                               vacancy rate would generally
                         asset based on current market                                                                                        result in an increase in fair
                         rates.                                                                                                               value. An increase in the
                                                                                                                                              expected vacancy rate would
                                                                                                                                              generally result in a decrease
                                                                                                                                              in fair value.
Mortgage loans -         The valuation approach for equity    Discount rate                               Range of 4.4% - 6.1%                A decrease in the discount rate
equity release           release mortgages is to use an                                                                                       would result in an increase in
mortgages (FVTPL)        internal valuation model to                                                                                          fair value. An increase in the
                         determine the projected asset cash                                                                                   discount rate would result in a
                         flows, including the cost of the no                                                                                  decrease in fair value.
                         negative equity guarantee for each
                         individual loan, to aggregate these
                         across all loans and to discount




                                                                                                                                                                                       PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                         those cash flows back to the
                         valuation date. The projection is
                         done monthly until expected
                         redemption of the loan either
                         voluntarily or on the death/entering
                         into long term care of the
                         loanholders.
Stocks                   The determination of the fair value Discount rate                                Various                             A decrease in the discount rate
                         of stocks requires the use of                                                                                        would result in an increase in
                         estimates such as future cash flows,                                                                                 fair value.
                         discount rates, projected earnings                                                                                   An increase in the discount
                         multiples, or recent transactions.                                                                                   rate would result in a decrease
                                                                                                                                              in fair value.

8.      Insurance Revenue

                                                                                       For the three months                                  For the nine months
                                                                                       ended September 30                                    ended September 30
                                                                                     2024                         2023                    2024                      2023
Contracts not measured under the premium allocation
  approach (PAA)
Amounts relating to changes in liabilities for remaining
  coverage
     Experience adjustments                                                $                     (17) $                       (16) $                 (48) $                     (77)
     CSM recognized for services provided                                                       321                          299                     943                       922
     Change in risk adjustment for non-financial risk for risk
       expired                                                                                  168                          163                     474                       464
     Expected incurred claims and other insurance service
       expenses                                                                               2,396                         2,295                 7,095                       6,831
     Recovery of insurance acquisition cash flows                                               148                          139                     436                       415
                                                                                              3,016                         2,880                 8,900                       8,555
Contracts measured under the PAA                                                              2,276                         2,230                 6,915                       6,673
Total insurance revenue                                                    $                  5,292 $                       5,110   $            15,815 $                    15,228




                                                                                           Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2024 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements        64


                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                            B  65
                                  Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)



                                  9.     Insurance Contracts and Reinsurance Contracts Held

                                  (a) Insurance Contract (Assets) / Liabilities
                                                                                                                                September 30, 2024
                                                                                            Not measured under the PAA
                                                                            Estimates of             Risk adjustment
                                                                          present value of           for non-financial
                                                                         future cash flows                 risk                             CSM                          PAA                   Total

                                  Assets                                 $               (4,510) $                        588 $                      2,823 $                          (72) $           (1,171)
                                  Liabilities                                          121,272                         6,319                       11,807                       13,951             153,349
                                  Liabilities on account of segregated
                                     fund policyholders                                 65,226                              —                            —                             —               65,226
                                                                         $             181,988 $                       6,907 $                     14,630 $                     13,879 $           217,404

                                                                                                                                 December 31, 2023
                                                                                              Not measured under the PAA
                                                                                Estimates of          Risk adjustment
                                                                              present value of        for non-financial
                                                                             future cash flows              risk                            CSM                          PAA                   Total
                                  Assets                                 $               (6,560) $                     1,654 $                       3,796 $                          (83) $           (1,193)
                                  Liabilities                                          115,794                         5,372                         9,952                      13,270             144,388
                                  Liabilities on account of segregated
                                     fund policyholders                                 60,302                              —                            —                             —               60,302
                                                                         $             169,536 $                       7,026 $                     13,748 $                     13,187 $           203,497




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  (b) Reinsurance Contract Held Assets / (Liabilities)
                                                                                                                                September 30, 2024
                                                                                            Not measured under the PAA
                                                                            Estimates of             Risk adjustment
                                                                          present value of           for non-financial
                                                                         future cash flows                 risk                             CSM                          PAA                   Total

                                  Assets                                 $              16,378 $                          753 $                        562 $                          150 $            17,843
                                  Liabilities                                            (2,316)                          998                          551                            (63)               (830)
                                                                         $              14,062 $                       1,751 $                       1,113 $                          87 $             17,013

                                                                                                                                 December 31, 2023
                                                                                              Not measured under the PAA
                                                                                Estimates of          Risk adjustment
                                                                              present value of        for non-financial
                                                                             future cash flows              risk                            CSM                          PAA                   Total
                                  Assets                                 $              16,181 $                          866 $                        163 $                          122 $            17,332
                                  Liabilities                                            (2,419)                          863                          950                            (42)               (648)
                                                                         $              13,762 $                       1,729 $                       1,113 $                          80 $             16,684




                                                                                                                   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2024 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements          65


                                        B  66                                           P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)



(c)         Discount Rates
The following table provides the lower and upper end of the range of the spot rates used by the Company to discount liability
cash flows by major currency:

                September 30, 2024                             Year 1                  Year 5                Year 10             Year 20             Year 30              Year 50
                             Lower                                     4.6 %                   4.0 %                  4.3 %             4.5 %                4.5 %                4.7 %
    CAD
                             Upper                                     5.0 %                   4.5 %                  4.8 %             5.0 %                5.0 %                5.0 %
                             Lower                                     4.8 %                   4.4 %                  4.7 %             5.2 %                5.0 %                4.8 %
    USD
                             Upper                                     5.3 %                   4.8 %                  5.1 %             5.7 %                5.4 %                5.0 %
                             Lower                                     2.8 %                   2.3 %                  2.5 %             2.9 %                3.2 %                4.3 %
    EUR
                             Upper                                     3.9 %                   3.4 %                  3.7 %             4.0 %                4.2 %                4.5 %
                             Lower                                     4.8 %                   4.3 %                  4.6 %             5.2 %                5.2 %                4.1 %
    GBP
                             Upper                                     5.6 %                   5.1 %                  5.4 %             6.0 %                6.1 %                5.0 %

                 December 31, 2023                              Year 1                 Year 5                 Year 10            Year 20             Year 30              Year 50
                             Lower                                     6.0 %                   4.5 %                  4.4 %             4.3 %                4.2 %                4.5 %
    CAD
                             Upper                                     6.4 %                   4.9 %                  4.9 %             4.9 %                4.8 %                4.9 %
                             Lower                                     5.7 %                   4.8 %                  4.8 %             5.3 %                4.9 %                4.7 %
    USD
                             Upper                                     6.1 %                   5.2 %                  5.3 %             5.8 %                5.4 %                5.0 %
                             Lower                                     3.2 %                   2.1 %                  2.2 %             2.5 %                2.9 %                4.3 %
    EUR
                             Upper                                     4.8 %                   3.6 %                  3.8 %             4.1 %                4.2 %                4.5 %
                             Lower                                     4.9 %                   3.8 %                  4.0 %             4.7 %                4.6 %                3.7 %
    GBP




                                                                                                                                                                                          PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                             Upper                                     5.9 %                   4.8 %                  5.1 %             5.7 %                5.6 %                4.7 %

The spot rates in the table above are calculated based on prevailing interest rates observed in their respective markets. When
interest rates are not observable, the yield curve to discount cash flows transitions to an ultimate rate composed of a risk-free
rate and illiquidity premium. These amounts are set based on historical data.
(d) Impact of Assumption Changes and Management Actions
In the third quarter of 2024, the Company completed certain assumption reviews and model refinements related to insurance
contract liabilities. The following table shows the net earnings and CSM impacts of assumption changes and management
actions for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023:

                                                                     Net earnings impact (pre-tax)
                                                                 Fair value
                                                               impact of CSM
                                                CSM             assumption
                Assumptions                   impacts 1           changes                Other            Total                                Description
    For the three months ended
    September 30, 2024
    Longevity                                $         727 $                   (302) $            5 $           (297) Updates to reflect trends in longevity experience,
                                                                                                                      primarily on portfolios in the Capital and Risk Solutions
                                                                                                                      segment and in the United Kingdom in the Europe
                                                                                                                      segment
    Mortality                                            44                     (85)            (17)            (102) Updates to reflect trends in mortality, primarily on the
                                                                                                                      United States life reinsurance portfolio in the Capital and
                                                                                                                      Risk Solutions segment
    Policyholder behaviour                            (413)                     108             (19)              89 Updates to reflect renewal experience on term insurance
                                                                                                                     in the Canada segment
    Other                                               (53)                     13              62               75 Other updates, including financial and expense
                                                                                                                     assumptions
    Total                                    $         305 $                   (266) $           31 $           (235)


    For the three months ended
    September 30, 2023
    Total                                    $         188 $                    (57) $          (68) $          (125)

1
     Excludes participating policies.




                                                                                                Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2024 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements      66


                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                            B  67
                                  Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)



                                  10. Segregated Funds and Other Structured Entities
                                  The following presents further details of the investments, determined in accordance with the relevant statutory reporting
                                  requirements of each region of the Company's operations, on account of segregated fund policyholders:
                                  (a) Investments on Account of Segregated Fund Policyholders
                                                                                                                                                                                 September 30              December 31
                                                                                                                                                                                       2024                   2023
                                      Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                              $                18,457 $                15,024
                                      Bonds                                                                                                                                                   73,720                  72,111
                                      Mortgage loans                                                                                                                                            2,105                  2,022
                                      Stocks and units in unit trusts                                                                                                                        150,872             130,415
                                      Mutual funds                                                                                                                                           218,819             188,549
                                      Investment properties                                                                                                                                   11,500                  12,071
                                                                                                                                                                                             475,473             420,192
                                      Accrued income                                                                                                                                                879                 832
                                      Other assets (liabilities)                                                                                                                               (3,455)                (4,138)
                                      Non-controlling mutual funds interest                                                                                                                     8,959                  6,070
                                      Total 1                                                                                                                                $               481,856 $           422,956

                                  1
                                        At September 30, 2024, $64,340 of investments on account of segregated fund policyholders are reinsured by the Company on a modified coinsurance basis ($64,097 at
                                        December 31, 2023). Included in this amount are $82 of cash and cash equivalents, $10,852 of bonds, $18 of stocks and units in unit trusts, $53,359 of mutual funds, $79 of
                                        accrued income and $(50) of other liabilities.




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  (b) Insurance and Investment Contracts on Account of Segregated Funds Policyholders
                                                                                                                                                                                          For the nine months
                                                                                                                                                                                          ended September 30
                                                                                                                                                                                       2024                   2023
                                      Balance, beginning of year                                                                                                             $               422,956 $           387,882
                                         Additions (deductions):
                                            Policyholder deposits                                                                                                                             43,834                  39,370
                                            Net investment income                                                                                                                               3,730                  3,304
                                            Net realized capital gains (losses) on investments                                                                                                  8,336                  1,253
                                            Net unrealized capital gains (losses) on investments                                                                                              36,240                  12,505
                                            Unrealized gains (losses) due to changes in foreign exchange rates                                                                                  9,318                  1,053
                                            Policyholder withdrawals                                                                                                                         (45,438)              (42,057)
                                            Change in segregated fund investment in general fund                                                                                                    (20)                 59
                                            Change in general fund investment in segregated fund                                                                                                     1                     1
                                            Net transfer from (to) general fund                                                                                                                     10                   41
                                            Non-controlling mutual funds interest                                                                                                               2,889                 (1,127)
                                      Total                                                                                                                                                   58,900                  14,402
                                      Balance, end of period                                                                                                                 $               481,856 $           402,284

                                  (c)         Investments on Account of Segregated Fund Policyholders by Fair Value Hierarchy Level
                                                                                                                                                             September 30, 2024
                                                                                                                          Level 1                       Level 2                      Level 3                  Total
                                      Investments on account of segregated fund
                                        policyholders 1                                                           $               334,845 $                     136,196 $                      13,533 $            484,574

                                  1
                                        Excludes other liabilities, net of other assets, of $2,718.




                                                                                                                                 Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2024 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements           67


                                              B  68                                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)



                                                                                                                             December 31, 2023
                                                                                            Level 1                      Level 2            Level 3                        Total

    Investments on account of segregated fund
       policyholders 1                                                             $               299,451 $                       113,199 $               13,792 $                 426,442

1
     Excludes other liabilities, net of other assets, of $3,486.

For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, certain foreign stock holdings valued at $4,798 have been transferred from
Level 1 to Level 2 ($56 were transferred from Level 1 to Level 2 at December 31, 2023) primarily based on the Company's
change in use of inputs in addition to quoted prices in active markets for certain foreign stock holdings. Level 2 assets include
those assets where fair value is not available from normal market pricing sources, where inputs are utilized in addition to
quoted prices in active markets and where the Company does not have access to the underlying asset details within an
investment fund.
The following presents additional information about the Company's investments on account of segregated fund policyholders
for which the Company has utilized Level 3 inputs to determine fair value:

                                                                                                                                                 September 30          December 31
                                                                                                                                                    2024                   2023
    Balance, beginning of year                                                                                                               $             13,792 $                 14,455
    Total gains (losses) included in segregated fund investment income                                                                                       (500)                   (1,073)
    Purchases                                                                                                                                                701                       795
    Sales                                                                                                                                                    (524)                    (445)
    Transfers into Level 3                                                                                                                                    97                       350
    Transfers out of Level 3                                                                                                                                  (33)                    (290)




                                                                                                                                                                                               PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
    Balance, end of period                                                                                                                   $             13,533 $                 13,792

Transfers into Level 3 are due primarily to decreased observability of inputs in valuation methodologies. Transfers out of Level
3 are due primarily to increased observability of inputs in valuation methodologies as evidenced by corroboration of market
prices with multiple pricing vendors.

11. Share Capital

Common Shares
                                                                                                               For the nine months ended September 30
                                                                                                            2024                                                2023
                                                                                          Number                   Carrying value                  Number              Carrying value
    Common shares
    Balance, beginning of year                                                               932,427,987 $                          6,000           931,853,110 $                    5,791
    Issued in business acquisition                                                                         —                           —              2,278,830                         89
    Exercised and issued under stock option plan                                                1,476,916                              54             2,910,932                        106
    Purchased and cancelled under normal course issuer bid                                     (2,700,000)                           (114)            (4,476,293)                     (171)
    Excess of redemption proceeds over stated capital per
      normal course issuer bid                                                                             —                           97                       —                      143
    Balance, end of period                                                                   931,204,903 $                          6,037           932,566,579 $                    5,958

During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, 1,476,916 common shares were exercised under the Company's stock plan
with a carrying value of $54, including $4 from contributed surplus transferred upon exercise (2,910,932 with a carrying value of
$106, including $11 from contributed surplus transferred upon exercise for the nine months ended September 30, 2023).
On January 25, 2024, the Company announced the renewal of its normal course issuer bid (NCIB) commencing January 29,
2024 and terminating January 28, 2025 to purchase for cancellation up to but not more than 20,000,000 of its common shares at
market prices.
During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company repurchased and subsequently cancelled 2,700,000 common
shares under the current NCIB at a cost of $114 (4,476,293 common shares at a cost of $171 for the nine months ended
September 30, 2023, under the previous NCIB). The Company’s share capital was reduced by the average carrying value of the
shares repurchased for cancellation. The excess paid over the average carrying value was $98 and was recognized as a
reduction to accumulated surplus for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 ($143 for the nine months ended September
30, 2023, under the previous NCIB).

                                                                                                  Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2024 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements         68


                                     P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                            B  69
                                  Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)



                                  12. Earnings Per Common Share
                                  The following provides the reconciliation between basic and diluted earnings per common share:

                                                                                                             For the three months                                         For the nine months
                                                                                                             ended September 30                                           ended September 30
                                                                                                           2024                         2023                           2024                  2023
                                  Earnings
                                  Net earnings from continuing operations before preferred
                                    share dividends                                             $                      891 $                        968      $                  2,992 $             2,216
                                  Preferred share dividends                                                            (32)                          (32)                            (97)             (97)
                                  Net earnings from continuing operations                       $                      859 $                        936      $                  2,895 $             2,119
                                  Net loss from discontinued operations                                                  —                           (31)                           (115)            (121)
                                  Net gain from disposal of discontinued operations                                      —                            — $—                           44                —
                                  Net earnings - common shareholders                            $                      859 $                        905      $                  2,824 $             1,998


                                  Number of common shares
                                  Average number of common shares outstanding                             931,524,928                   931,238,607                   932,249,369            931,482,357
                                  Add: Potential exercise of outstanding stock options                        2,739,169                    2,222,406                      2,659,860            1,645,022
                                  Average number of common shares outstanding -
                                    diluted basis                                                         934,264,097                   933,461,013                   934,909,229            933,127,379


                                  Basic earnings per common share                               $                     0.92 $                       0.97      $                      3.03 $           2.15




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  Diluted earnings per common share                             $                     0.92 $                       0.97      $                      3.02 $           2.14


                                  Basic earnings per common share from continuing
                                    operations                                                  $                     0.92 $                       1.01      $                      3.10 $           2.28


                                  Diluted earnings per common share from continuing
                                    operations                                                  $                     0.92 $                       1.00      $                      3.10 $           2.27


                                  Dividends per common share                                    $                   0.555 $                      0.520       $                  1.665 $             1.560

                                  13. Capital Management

                                  (a) Policies and Objectives
                                  Managing capital is the continual process of establishing and maintaining the quantity and quality of capital appropriate for
                                  the Company and ensuring capital is deployed in a manner consistent with the expectations of the Company’s stakeholders.
                                  For these purposes, the Board considers the key stakeholders to be the Company’s shareholders, policyholders and holders of
                                  subordinated liabilities in addition to the relevant regulators in the various jurisdictions where the Company and its
                                  subsidiaries operate.
                                  The Company manages its capital on both a consolidated basis as well as at the individual operating subsidiary level. The
                                  primary objectives of the Company’s capital management strategy are:
                                  •   To maintain the capitalization of its regulated operating subsidiaries at a level that will exceed the relevant minimum
                                      regulatory capital requirements in the jurisdictions in which they operate;
                                  •   To maintain strong credit and financial strength ratings of the Company ensuring stable access to capital markets; and
                                  •   To provide an efficient capital structure to maximize shareholders' value in the context of the Company’s operational risks
                                      and strategic plans.
                                  The target level of capitalization for the Company and its subsidiaries is assessed by considering various factors such as the
                                  probability of falling below the minimum regulatory capital requirements in the relevant operating jurisdiction, the views
                                  expressed by various credit rating agencies that provide financial strength and other ratings to the Company, and the desire to
                                  hold sufficient capital to be able to honour all policyholder and other obligations of the Company with a high degree of
                                  confidence.



                                                                                                                 Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2024 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements        69


                                       B  70                                          P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)


The Company has established policies and procedures designed to identify, measure and report all material risks. Management
is responsible for establishing capital management procedures for implementing and monitoring the capital plan.
The capital planning process is the responsibility of the Company’s Chief Financial Officer. The capital plan is approved by the
Company’s Board of Directors on an annual basis. The Board of Directors reviews and approves all material capital
transactions undertaken by management.
(b) Regulatory Capital
In Canada, The Office of the Superintendent of Financial Institutions (OSFI) has established a regulatory capital adequacy
measurement for life insurance companies incorporated under the Insurance Companies Act (Canada) and their subsidiaries.
The Life Insurance Capital Adequacy Test (LICAT) Ratio compares the regulatory capital resources of a company to its required
capital, defined by OSFI, as the aggregate of all defined capital requirements. The total capital resources are provided by the
sum of Available Capital, Surplus Allowance and Eligible Deposits.
The following provides a summary of the LICAT information and ratio for Canada Life:

                                                                                                                                          September 30              December 31
                                                                                                                                              2024                      2023
    Tier 1 Capital                                                                                                                    $           20,278        $           18,285
    Tier 2 Capital                                                                                                                                  5,288                    5,223
    Total Available Capital                                                                                                                       25,566                    23,508
    Surplus Allowance and Eligible Deposits                                                                                                         5,277                    5,406
    Total Capital Resources                                                                                                           $           30,843        $           28,914
    Required Capital                                                                                                                  $           22,939        $           22,525




                                                                                                                                                                                          PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                                                         1
    Total LICAT Ratio (OSFI Supervisory Target = 100%)                                                                                                134 %                      128 %

1
     Total Ratio (%) = (Total Capital Resources / Required Capital)

Other foreign operations and foreign subsidiaries of the Company are required to comply with local capital or solvency
requirements in their respective jurisdictions.

14. Income Taxes

(a) Income Tax Expense
Income tax recognized in Consolidated Statements of Earnings:

                                                                                           For the three months                                  For the nine months
                                                                                           ended September 30                                    ended September 30
                                                                                         2024                         2023                    2024                      2023
    Current income taxes                                                       $                    127 $                       50    $                  549 $                    387
    Deferred income taxes                                                                               4                       87                       (20)                     (164)
    Total income tax expense                                                   $                    131 $                       137   $                  529 $                    223

(b) Effective Income Tax Rate
The effective income tax rates are generally lower than the Company's statutory income tax rate of 28.0% due to benefits related
to non-taxable investment income and lower income tax in certain foreign jurisdictions.
Under International Pillar Two tax reform, the Organization for Economic Co-Operation and Development (OECD) introduced
a 15% global minimum tax (GMT) regime that has been adopted by all countries in which the Company has significant
operations, other than the U.S. Canada enacted GMT legislation on June 20, 2024 which applies retroactively to January 1, 2024.
Other countries where the Company has significant operations, including Barbados, Germany, Ireland and the U.K. had
previously enacted GMT legislation, also effective January 1, 2024.
The GMT is complex in nature and applies to Lifeco as part of a larger related group of companies. The Company currently
expects GMT in Barbados, Ireland and Isle of Man, jurisdictions where the statutory tax rate is below 15%. In the third quarter
of 2024, the Company recognized a GMT current tax expense of $23 ($89 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024),
primarily related to its operations in Barbados and Ireland.
The Company has applied the mandatory temporary exception in IAS 12, Income Taxes from recognizing and disclosing
deferred tax assets and liabilities related to the GMT.

                                                                                               Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2024 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements       70


                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                            B  71
                                  Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)


                                  The overall effective income tax rate for the three months ended September 30, 2024 of 12.8% was comparable to 12.2% for the
                                  three months ended September 30, 2023 as the increase due to GMT and jurisdictional mix of earnings was offset by higher
                                  non-taxable investment income. The GMT increased the effective income tax rate by 2.3%.
                                  The overall effective income tax rate for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 of 14.7% was higher than 9.1% for the nine
                                  months ended September 30, 2023 primarily due to the GMT and jurisdictional mix of earnings. The GMT increased the
                                  effective income tax rate by 2.5%.
                                  The effective income tax rate for the shareholder account for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was 16.1% compared
                                  to 12.8% for the three months ended September 30, 2023.
                                  The effective income tax rate for the shareholder account for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 16.9% compared
                                  to 10.8% for the nine months ended September 30, 2023.




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.




                                                                                                         Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2024 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements   71


                                       B  72                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)



15. Segmented Information

(a) Consolidated Net Earnings
    For the three months ended September 30, 2024
                                                                                                                                           Capital and
                                                                                                        United                                Risk          Lifeco
                                                                                    Canada              States             Europe           Solutions     Corporate          Total
    Segment revenue
      Insurance revenue 1                                                       $         2,312 $                 56 $           1,689 $         1,235 $            — $            5,292
      Net investment income 2                                                               823              1,023                 411               2             (10)            2,249
      Changes in fair value on FVTPL assets 2                                             3,576              2,673                 486            167                4             6,906
                                                                                          6,711              3,752               2,586           1,404              (6)           14,447
      Fee and other income 3                                                                480              1,094                 229               3              —              1,806
                                                                                          7,191              4,846               2,815           1,407              (6)           16,253
    Other insurance results
      Insurance service expenses                                                         (1,536)                 (86)            (1,449)        (1,028)             —             (4,099)
      Net income (expenses) from reinsurance contracts                                      (361)                  (9)              (33)           (10)             —               (413)
                                                                                         (1,897)                 (95)            (1,482)        (1,038)             —             (4,512)
Other investment results
      Net finance income (expenses) from insurance contracts                             (4,092)               (260)              (991)           (319)             —             (5,662)
      Net finance income (expenses) from reinsurance contracts                                  3                  (8)              91               8              —                94
      Changes in investment contract liabilities                                             (72)            (3,079)                 (2)           (36)             —             (3,189)




                                                                                                                                                                                            PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                                                                         (4,161)             (3,347)              (902)           (347)             —             (8,757)
    Net investment result - insurance contracts on account
      of segregated fund policyholders
      Net investment income (loss)                                                        1,905                   —                593              —               —              2,498
      Net finance income (expenses) from insurance contracts                             (1,905)                  —               (593)             —               —             (2,498)
                                                                                              —                   —                  —              —               —                 —
    Other income and expenses
      Operating and administrative expenses                                                 (497)              (966)              (234)            (15)            (25)           (1,737)
      Amortization of finite life intangible assets                                          (31)                (57)               (17)            —               —               (105)
      Financing costs                                                                        (33)                (53)               (10)            (1)             (1)              (98)
      Restructuring and integration expenses                                                  —                   —                 (23)            —               —                (23)
    Earnings before income taxes                                                            572                 328                147               6             (32)            1,021
    Income taxes                                                                            108                   23                17              (9)             (8)             131
    Net earnings from continuing operations before non-
       controlling interests                                                                464                 305                130             15              (24)             890
    Attributable to non-controlling interests                                                  (1)                —                  —              —               —                 (1)
    Net earnings from continuing operations before
      preferred share dividends                                                             465                 305                130             15              (24)             891
    Preferred share dividends                                                                 28                  —                   4             —               —                32
    Net earnings from continuing operations before
       capital allocation                                                                   437                 305                126             15              (24)             859
    Impact of capital allocation                                                              23                   2                (11)            (6)             (8)               —
    Net earnings from continuing operations                                                 460                 307                115               9             (32)             859
    Net loss from discontinued operations                                                     —                   —                  —              —               —                 —
    Net gain from disposal of discontinued operations                                         —                   —                  —              —               —                 —
    Net earnings - common shareholders                                          $           460 $               307 $              115 $             9 $           (32) $           859

1
     Included within insurance service result in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.
2
     Included within net investment result in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.
3
     Included within other income and expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.




                                                                                                Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2024 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements        72


                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                              B  73
                                  Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)



                                      For the three months ended September 30, 2023
                                                                                                                                                                        Capital and
                                                                                                                                    United                                 Risk                 Lifeco
                                                                                                                Canada              States              Europe           Solutions             Corporate       Total
                                      Segment revenue
                                        Insurance revenue 1                                                 $         2,317 $                 60 $           1,557 $             1,176 $               — $        5,110
                                        Net investment income 2                                                         881                 992                 308                  80               10          2,271
                                        Changes in fair value on FVTPL assets 2                                      (3,308)             (1,479)               (387)               (282)               (1)       (5,457)
                                                                                                                       (110)               (427)             1,478                  974                    9      1,924
                                        Fee and other income 3                                                          328                 928                 190                    4               —          1,450
                                                                                                                        218                 501              1,668                  978                    9      3,374
                                      Other insurance results
                                        Insurance service expenses                                                   (1,559)                 (45)           (1,325)                (992)               —         (3,921)
                                        Net income (expenses) from reinsurance contracts                               (371)                    2                (27)                 (5)              —           (401)
                                                                                                                     (1,930)                 (43)           (1,352)                (997)               —         (4,322)
                                  Other investment results
                                        Net finance income (expenses) from insurance contracts                        2,753                 123                 124                 287                —          3,287
                                        Net finance income (expenses) from reinsurance contracts                         (48)                  (2)             (160)                  (2)              —           (212)
                                        Changes in investment contract liabilities                                         (2)              742                   —                  21                —               761
                                                                                                                      2,703                 863                  (36)               306                —          3,836
                                      Net investment result - insurance contracts on account of
                                        segregated fund policyholders
                                        Net investment income (loss)                                                   (718)                  —                (321)                  —                —         (1,039)




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                        Net finance income (expenses) from insurance contracts                          718                   —                 321                   —                —          1,039
                                                                                                                          —                   —                   —                   —                —                —
                                      Other income and expenses
                                        Operating and administrative expenses                                          (355)               (921)               (224)                  (8)             (14)       (1,522)
                                        Amortization of finite life intangible assets                                    (28)                (53)                (19)                 —                —           (100)
                                        Financing costs                                                                  (32)                (58)                (10)                 (2)              (1)         (103)
                                        Restructuring and integration expenses                                            —                  (17)                (21)                 —                —               (38)
                                      Earnings (loss) before income taxes                                               576                 272                    6                277                (6)        1,125
                                      Income taxes                                                                      136                   31                 (34)                  6               (2)             137
                                      Net earnings (loss) from continuing operations before non-
                                       controlling interests                                                            440                 241                   40                271                (4)             988
                                      Attributable to non-controlling interests                                           21                   (1)                —                   —                —               20
                                      Net earnings (loss) from continuing operations before
                                        preferred share dividends                                                       419                 242                   40                271                (4)             968
                                      Preferred share dividends                                                           28                  —                    4                  —                —               32
                                      Net earnings (loss) from continuing operations before
                                        capital allocation                                                              391                 242                   36                271                (4)             936
                                      Impact of capital allocation                                                        23                    2                (11)                 (6)              (8)              —
                                      Net earnings (loss) from continuing operations                                    414                 244                   25                265               (12)             936
                                      Net loss from discontinued operations                                               —                  (31)                 —                   —                —               (31)
                                      Net earnings (loss) - common shareholders                             $           414 $               213 $                 25 $              265 $             (12) $           905

                                  1
                                       Included within insurance service result in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.
                                  2
                                       Included within net investment result in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.
                                  3
                                       Included within other income and expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.




                                                                                                                            Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2024 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements              73


                                           B  74                                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)



    For the nine months ended September 30, 2024
                                                                                                                                           Capital and
                                                                                                        United                                Risk          Lifeco
                                                                                    Canada              States             Europe           Solutions     Corporate          Total
    Segment revenue
      Insurance revenue 1                                                       $         7,095 $               174 $            4,892 $         3,654 $            — $           15,815
      Net investment income 2                                                             2,598              3,026               1,160            209                5             6,998
      Changes in fair value on FVTPL assets 2                                             3,080              2,103                (437)           (106)             17             4,657
                                                                                        12,773               5,303               5,615           3,757              22            27,470
      Fee and other income 3                                                              1,414              3,194                 654             10               —              5,272
                                                                                        14,187               8,497               6,269           3,767              22            32,742
    Other insurance results
      Insurance service expenses                                                         (4,809)               (183)             (4,197)        (3,034)             —             (12,223)
      Net income (expenses) from reinsurance contracts                                   (1,058)                 (25)               (81)           (20)             —              (1,184)
                                                                                         (5,867)               (208)             (4,278)        (3,054)             —             (13,407)
Other investment results
      Net finance income (expenses) from insurance contracts                             (4,967)               (265)              (467)           (145)             —              (5,844)
      Net finance income (expenses) from reinsurance contracts                                 (8)               (29)               (42)             8              —                 (71)
      Changes in investment contract liabilities                                            (133)            (3,771)                 (1)           (28)             —              (3,933)
                                                                                         (5,108)             (4,065)              (510)           (165)             —              (9,848)
    Net investment result - insurance contracts on account
      of segregated fund policyholders
      Net investment income (loss)                                                        4,204                   —              1,213              —               —              5,417




                                                                                                                                                                                             PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
      Net finance income (expenses) from insurance contracts                             (4,204)                  —              (1,213)            —               —              (5,417)
                                                                                              —                   —                  —              —               —                  —
    Other income and expenses
      Operating and administrative expenses                                              (1,492)             (2,884)              (722)            (36)            (35)            (5,169)
      Amortization of finite life intangible assets                                          (90)              (170)                (46)            (1)             (1)              (308)
      Financing costs                                                                       (101)              (164)                (30)            (3)             (1)              (299)
      Restructuring and integration expenses                                                 (23)                (72)               (23)            —               —                (118)
    Earnings before income taxes                                                          1,506                 934                660            508              (15)            3,593
    Income taxes                                                                            271                 126                109             64              (41)              529
    Net earnings from continuing operations before non-
       controlling interests                                                              1,235                 808                551            444               26             3,064
    Attributable to non-controlling interests                                                 72                  —                  —              —               —                 72
    Net earnings from continuing operations before
      preferred share dividends                                                           1,163                 808                551            444               26             2,992
    Preferred share dividends                                                                 84                  —                 13              —               —                 97
    Net earnings from continuing operations before
       capital allocation                                                                 1,079                 808                538            444               26             2,895
    Impact of capital allocation                                                              69                   6                (35)           (20)            (20)                —
    Net earnings from continuing operations                                               1,148                 814                503            424                6             2,895
    Net loss from discontinued operations                                                     —                (115)                 —              —               —                (115)
    Net gain from disposal of discontinued operations                                         —                   44                 —              —               —                 44
    Net earnings - common shareholders                                          $         1,148 $               743 $              503 $          424 $              6 $           2,824

1
     Included within insurance service result in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.
2
     Included within net investment result in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.
3
     Included within other income and expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.




                                                                                                Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2024 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements         74


                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                             B  75
                                  Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)



                                      For the nine months ended September 30, 2023
                                                                                                                                                                        Capital and
                                                                                                                                    United                                 Risk                 Lifeco
                                                                                                                Canada              States              Europe           Solutions             Corporate       Total
                                      Segment revenue
                                        Insurance revenue 1                                                 $         7,013 $               177 $            4,521 $             3,517 $               — $      15,228
                                        Net investment income 2                                                       2,388              2,940                  795                 289               21          6,433
                                        Changes in fair value on FVTPL assets 2                                      (2,204)             (1,076)            (1,089)                (178)               (6)       (4,553)
                                                                                                                      7,197              2,041               4,227               3,628                15        17,108
                                        Fee and other income 3                                                          994              2,736                  576                  10                —          4,316
                                                                                                                      8,191              4,777               4,803               3,638                15        21,424
                                      Other insurance results
                                        Insurance service expenses                                                   (4,890)               (134)            (3,892)             (2,963)                —        (11,879)
                                        Net income (expenses) from reinsurance contracts                             (1,041)                    6              (110)                (13)               —         (1,158)
                                                                                                                     (5,931)               (128)            (4,002)             (2,976)                —        (13,037)
                                  Other investment results
                                        Net finance income (expenses) from insurance contracts                            42                 (20)               288                  38                —               348
                                        Net finance income (expenses) from reinsurance contracts                         (27)                  (6)               (95)                  3               —           (125)
                                        Changes in investment contract liabilities                                       (49)              (790)                  (2)                  6               —           (835)
                                                                                                                         (34)              (816)                191                  47                —           (612)
                                      Net investment result - insurance contracts on account of
                                        segregated fund policyholders
                                        Net investment income (loss)                                                  1,099                   —                 497                   —                —          1,596




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                        Net finance income (expenses) from insurance contracts                       (1,099)                  —                (497)                  —                —         (1,596)
                                                                                                                          —                   —                   —                   —                —                —
                                      Other income and expenses
                                        Operating and administrative expenses                                        (1,042)             (2,800)               (712)                (34)              (34)       (4,622)
                                        Amortization of finite life intangible assets                                    (79)              (153)                 (53)                 (1)              (1)         (287)
                                        Financing costs                                                                (100)               (182)                 (35)                 (3)              (2)         (322)
                                        Restructuring and integration expenses                                            —                  (71)                (12)                 —                —               (83)
                                      Earnings (loss) before income taxes                                             1,005                 627                 180                 671               (22)        2,461
                                      Income taxes                                                                      173                   58                 (35)                33                (6)             223
                                      Net earnings (loss) from continuing operations before non-
                                       controlling interests                                                            832                 569                 215                 638               (16)        2,238
                                      Attributable to non-controlling interests                                           22                  —                   —                   —                —               22
                                      Net earnings (loss) from continuing operations before
                                        preferred share dividends                                                       810                 569                 215                 638               (16)        2,216
                                      Preferred share dividends                                                           84                  —                   13                  —                —               97
                                      Net earnings (loss) from continuing operations before
                                        capital allocation                                                              726                 569                 202                 638               (16)        2,119
                                      Impact of capital allocation                                                        69                    6                (35)               (20)              (20)              —
                                      Net earnings (loss) from continuing operations                                    795                 575                 167                 618               (36)        2,119
                                      Net loss from discontinued operations                                               —                (121)                  —                   —                —           (121)
                                      Net earnings (loss) - common shareholders                             $           795 $               454 $               167 $               618 $             (36) $      1,998

                                  1
                                       Included within insurance service result in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.
                                  2
                                       Included within net investment result in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.
                                  3
                                       Included within other income and expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.




                                                                                                                            Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2024 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements              75


                                           B  76                                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)



The Revenue by Source Currency for Capital and Risk Solutions
                                                                                          For the three months                                     For the nine months
                                                                                          ended September 30                                       ended September 30
                                                                                        2024                         2023                        2024                  2023
Revenue
United States                                                                 $                    511 $                        259      $              1,113 $                   964
United Kingdom                                                                                     752                          484                     1,659                    1,422
Japan                                                                                                52                         (120)                     (27)                     47
Other                                                                                                92                         355                     1,022                    1,205
Total revenue                                                                 $                  1,407 $                        978      $              3,767 $                  3,638

Negative income in the table above is primarily due to unrealized fair value losses through profit or loss on bonds.
(b) Consolidated Total Assets and Liabilities
                                                                                                                     September 30, 2024
                                                                                                     United                                     Capital and Risk
                                                                           Canada                    States                    Europe              Solutions             Total
Assets
Invested assets                                                      $             95,594 $                 86,947 $               45,453 $               9,058 $           237,052
Insurance contract assets                                                              435                      303                      345                    88               1,171
Reinsurance contract held assets                                                    1,217                   12,656                      3,848               122                 17,843
Goodwill and intangible assets                                                      6,622                    6,262                      3,088                   —               15,972
Other assets                                                                        5,657                   16,137                      4,019                   34              25,847




                                                                                                                                                                                         PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
Investments on account of segregated fund
   policyholders                                                                  112,493                 204,409                 164,954                       —           481,856
Total                                                                $            222,018 $               326,714 $               221,707 $               9,302 $           779,741


Liabilities
Insurance contract liabilities                                       $             86,437 $                 18,587 $               42,948 $               5,377 $           153,349
Investment contract liabilities                                                     3,829                   82,790                       351                661                 87,631
Reinsurance contract held liabilities                                                  261                      146                      393                    30                830
Other liabilities                                                                   8,402                   12,127                      3,382               853                 24,764
Insurance contracts on account of segregated fund
   policyholders                                                                   35,374                   13,798                 16,054                       —               65,226
Investment contracts on account of segregated fund
   policyholders                                                                   77,119                 190,611                 148,900                       —           416,630
Total                                                                $            211,422 $               318,059 $               212,028 $               6,921 $           748,430




                                                                                              Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2024 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements       76


                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                            B  77
                                  Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)



                                                                                                                                                        December 31, 2023
                                                                                                                                       United                                      Capital and Risk
                                                                                                            Canada                     States                   Europe                Solutions                          Total
                                      Assets
                                      Invested assets                                                $             89,382 $                  86,715 $                 41,981 $                     8,732 $                 226,810
                                      Insurance contract assets                                                         400                       291                      331                          171                      1,193
                                      Reinsurance contract held assets                                               1,243                   12,243                     3,713                           133                  17,332
                                      Assets held for sale                                                                —                    4,467                           —                         —                       4,467
                                      Goodwill and intangible assets                                                 6,545                     6,151                    3,037                            —                   15,733
                                      Other assets                                                                   4,964                   16,192                     3,531                            52                  24,739
                                      Investments on account of segregated fund
                                         policyholders                                                           101,250                   179,770                   141,936                             —                 422,956
                                      Total                                                          $           203,784 $                 305,829 $                 194,529 $                     9,088 $                 713,230


                                      Liabilities
                                      Insurance contract liabilities                                 $             81,455 $                  18,079 $                 39,390 $                     5,464 $                 144,388
                                      Investment contract liabilities                                                3,931                   83,966                        341                          681                  88,919
                                      Reinsurance contract held liabilities                                             208                       163                      250                           27                       648
                                      Liabilities held for sale                                                           —                    2,407                           —                         —                       2,407
                                      Other liabilities                                                              7,153                   12,804                     3,408                           696                  24,061
                                      Insurance contracts on account of segregated fund
                                         policyholders                                                             32,997                    12,892                   14,413                             —                   60,302
                                      Investment contracts on account of segregated fund
                                         policyholders                                                             68,253                  166,878                   127,523                             —                 362,654




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                      Total                                                          $           193,997 $                 297,189 $                 185,325 $                     6,868 $                 683,379

                                  The Assets by Source Currency for Capital and Risk Solutions
                                                                                                                                                                               September 30                    December 31
                                                                                                                                                                                     2024                            2023
                                      Assets
                                      United States                                                                                                                        $                  4,693 $                            4,334
                                      United Kingdom                                                                                                                                          1,394                              1,350
                                      Japan                                                                                                                                                   3,012                              3,047
                                      Other                                                                                                                                                       203                             357
                                      Total assets                                                                                                                         $                  9,302 $                            9,088

                                  (c)         CSM
                                                                                                                                 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024
                                                                                                     Non-Participating (excluding Segregated Funds)
                                                                                                                                                   Capital
                                                                                                                  United                          and Risk                         Segregated
                                                                                                 Canada           States            Europe        Solutions          Total           Funds                    Par          Total 1
                                      CSM, beginning of year                                    $      1,159 $            24 $          3,255 $          1,745 $        6,183 $              3,298 $ 3,154 $ 12,635
                                         CSM recognized for services provided                             (85)             (4)            (209)           (126)          (424)                (307)            (114)              (845)
                                         Contracts initially recognized in the year                        28              —              295                66           389                     128               86            603
                                         Changes in estimates that adjust the CSM                        (419)            33              118              465            197                     397               78            672
                                         Net finance (income) expenses from insurance
                                           contracts                                                       23              —                58               33           114                     (13)              —             101
                                         Effect of movement in exchange rates                              —                1             196              101            298                     49                4             351
                                      CSM, end of period                                        $        706 $            54 $          3,713 $          2,284 $        6,757 $              3,552 $ 3,208 $ 13,517

                                  1
                                        The amounts in the table above are presented net of reinsurance.




                                                                                                                                 Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2024 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements                     77


                                              B  78                                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)



                                                                                                         For the year ended December 31, 2023
                                                                         Non-Participating (excluding Segregated Funds)
                                                                                                                    Capital
                                                                                   United                          and Risk                     Segregated
                                                                   Canada          States           Europe         Solutions         Total        Funds            Par         Total 1
    CSM, beginning of year                                        $    1,264 $            41 $          2,771 $         1,796 $       5,872 $          3,557 $ 3,694 $ 13,123
      CSM recognized for services provided                               (143)             (4)            (234)           (154)        (535)             (430)       (157)         (1,122)
      Contracts initially recognized in the year                           41              —              284                   49      374              181          111            666
      Changes in estimates that adjust the CSM                            (40)           (12)             325                   —       273               (37)       (490)           (254)
      Net finance (income) expenses from insurance
        contracts                                                          37              —                49                  37      123                16            —           139
      Effect of movement in exchange rates                                  —              (1)              60                  17       76                11            (4)          83
    CSM, end of year                                              $    1,159 $            24 $          3,255 $         1,745 $       6,183 $          3,298 $ 3,154 $ 12,635

1
     The amounts in the table above are presented net of reinsurance.




                                                                                                                                                                                              PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.




                                                                                                 Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2024 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements         78


                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                                B  79
Page intentionally left blank.




     B  80                       P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
                               IGM Financial Inc.
                                                  PART C




Management’s Discussion and Analysis
PAGE C 2



Financial Statements and Notes
PAGE C 69




Please note that the bottom of each page in Part C contains two different
page numbers. A page number with the preﬁx “C” refers to the number of
such page in this document and the page number without any preﬁx refers to
the number of such page in the original document issued by IGM Financial Inc.



The attached documents concerning IGM Financial Inc. are documents
prepared and publicly disclosed by such subsidiary, and are available under
such subsidiary’s proﬁle on SEDAR+, at www.sedarplus.ca. Certain statements
in the attached documents, other than statements of historical fact, are
forward-looking statements based on certain assumptions and reﬂect the
current expectations of the subsidiary as set forth therein. Forward-looking
statements are provided for the purposes of assisting the reader in understanding
the subsidiary’s ﬁnancial performance, ﬁnancial position and cash ﬂows as at
and for the periods ended on certain dates and to present information about
the subsidiary’s management’s current expectations and plans relating to the
future and the reader is cautioned that such statements may not be appropriate for
other purposes.

By its nature, forward-looking information is subject to inherent risks and




                                                                                                     PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
uncertainties that may be general or speciﬁc and which give rise to the possibility
that expectations, forecasts, predictions, projections or conclusions will not
prove to be accurate, that assumptions may not be correct and that objectives,
strategic goals and priorities will not be achieved.

For further information provided by the subsidiary as to the material factors
that could cause actual results to differ materially from the content of forward-
looking statements, the material factors and assumptions that were applied
in making the forward-looking statements, and the subsidiary’s policy for
updating the content of forward-looking statements, please see the attached
documents, including the section entitled Forward-Looking Statements. The
reader is cautioned to consider these factors and assumptions carefully and
not to put undue reliance on forward-looking statements.




P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4   C  1
                              Management’s
                              Discussion and Analysis
                              The Management’s Discussion and Analysis (MD&A) presents management’s view of the results of operations and financial condition
                              of IGM Financial Inc. (IGM Financial or the Company) as at and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and should
                              be read in conjunction with the unaudited Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Interim Financial Statements) as
                              well as the 2023 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report and the 2024 IGM Financial Inc. First and Second Quarter Reports to Shareholders
                              filed on www.sedarplus.ca. Commentary in the MD&A as at and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 is as of
                              November 7, 2024.



                              Basis of Presentation and Summary of Accounting Policies
                              The Interim Financial Statements of IGM Financial, which are the basis of the information presented in the Company’s MD&A, have
                              been prepared in accordance with International Accounting Standard 34, Interim Financial Reporting (IFRS) and are presented in
                              Canadian dollars (Note 2 of the Interim Financial Statements).

                              Forward-looking Statements
                              Certain statements in this report, other than statements of historical fact, are             performance and results of the Company and its subsidiaries and strategic
                              forward-looking statements based on certain assumptions and reflect IGM                      investments, and their businesses, and could cause actual results to differ
                              Financial Inc.’s (IGM Financial, IGM or the Company) and, where applicable,                  materially from current expectations of estimated or anticipated events
                              its subsidiaries’ and strategic investments’, current expectations. Forward-                 or results. These factors include, but are not limited to: the impact or
                              looking statements are provided to assist the reader in understanding the                    unanticipated impact of general economic, political and market factors in
                              Company’s, and its subsidiaries and strategic investments, financial position                North America and internationally, interest and foreign exchange rates,
                              and results of operations as at and for the periods ended on certain dates                   global equity and capital markets, management of market liquidity and
                              and to present information about management’s current expectations and                       funding risks, changes in accounting policies and methods used to report
                              plans relating to the future. Readers are cautioned that such statements                     financial condition (including uncertainties associated with critical accounting
                              may not be appropriate for other purposes. These statements may include,                     assumptions and estimates), the effect of applying future accounting
                              without limitation, statements regarding the operations, business, financial                 changes, operational and reputational risks, business competition,
                              condition, expected financial results, performance, prospects, opportunities,                technological change, changes in government regulations and legislation,
                              priorities, targets, goals, ongoing objectives, strategies and outlook of the                changes in tax laws, unexpected judicial or regulatory proceedings,
                              Company, and its subsidiaries and strategic investments, as well as the                      catastrophic events, outbreaks of disease or pandemics (such as COVID‑19),
                              outlook for North American and international economies, for the current                      the Company’s ability to complete strategic transactions, integrate
                              fiscal year and subsequent periods. Forward-looking statements include                       acquisitions and implement other growth strategies, and the Company’s
                              statements that are predictive in nature, depend upon or refer to future                     and its subsidiaries’ and strategic investments’ success in anticipating and
                              events or conditions, or include words such as “expects”, “anticipates”, “plans”,            managing the foregoing factors.
                              “believes”, “estimates”, “seeks”, “intends”, “targets”, “projects”, “forecasts”
                                                                                                                           The reader is cautioned that the foregoing list is not exhaustive of the factors
                              or negative versions thereof and other similar expressions, or future or
                                                                                                                           that may affect any of the Company’s forward-looking statements. The reader is
                              conditional verbs such as “may”, “will”, “should”, “would” and “could”.
                                                                                                                           also cautioned to consider these and other factors, uncertainties and potential
                              This information is based upon certain material factors or assumptions that                  events carefully and not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements.
                              were applied in drawing a conclusion or making a forecast or projection as
                                                                                                                           Other than as specifically required by applicable Canadian law, the Company
                              reflected in the forward-looking statements, including the perception of
                                                                                                                           undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect
                              historical trends, current conditions and expected future developments, as
                                                                                                                           events or circumstances after the date on which such statements are made,
                              well as other factors that are believed to be appropriate in the circumstances.
                                                                                                                           or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events, whether as a result of
                              While the Company considers these assumptions to be reasonable based on
                                                                                                                           new information, future events or results, or otherwise.
                              information currently available to management, they may prove to be incorrect.
                                                                                                                           Additional information about the risks and uncertainties of the Company’s
                              By its nature, this information is subject to inherent risks and uncertainties
                                                                                                                           business and material factors or assumptions on which information
                              that may be general or specific and which give rise to the possibility that




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                                                                                                           contained in forward-looking statements is based is provided in its disclosure
                              expectations, forecasts, predictions, projections or conclusions will not prove
                                                                                                                           materials, including this Management’s Discussion and Analysis and its
                              to be accurate, that assumptions may not be correct and that objectives,
                                                                                                                           most recent Annual Information Form, filed with the securities regulatory
                              strategic goals and priorities will not be achieved.
                                                                                                                           authorities in Canada, available at www.sedarplus.ca.
                              A variety of material factors, many of which are beyond the Company’s and
                              its subsidiaries’ and strategic investments’ control, affect the operations,




                                                                          Management's Discussion and Analysis | IGM Financial Inc. 2024 Third Quarter Report                                                 5
                              C  2                                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
    Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures
    This report contains Non‑IFRS financial measures and non‑IFRS ratios that                     Refer to the appropriate reconciliations of non‑IFRS financial measures,
    do not have standard meanings prescribed by IFRS and may not be directly                      including as components of non‑IFRS ratios, to reported results in
    comparable to similar measures used by other companies. These measures                        accordance with IFRS in Tables 1 to 4.
    and ratios are used to provide management, investors and investment
                                                                                                  This report also contains other financial measures which include:
    analysts with additional measures to assess earnings performance.
                                                                                                  •   Assets Under Management and Advisement (AUM&A) represents the
    Non-IFRS financial measures include, but are not limited to, “adjusted
                                                                                                      consolidated AUM and AUA of IGM Financial’s core businesses IG Wealth
    net earnings available to common shareholders”, “adjusted net earnings”,
                                                                                                      Management and Mackenzie Investments. In the Wealth Management
    “adjusted earnings before income taxes”, “adjusted earnings before interest
                                                                                                      segment, AUM is a component part of AUA. All instances where the asset
    and taxes” (Adjusted EBIT), “earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and
                                                                                                      management segment is providing investment management services
    amortization before sales commissions” (EBITDA before sales commissions),
                                                                                                      or distributing its products through the Wealth Management segment
    and “earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization after
                                                                                                      are eliminated in our reporting such that there is no double‑counting
    sales commissions” (EBITDA after sales commissions). These measures
                                                                                                      of the same client savings held at IGM Financial’s core businesses.
    exclude other items which are items of a non-recurring nature, or that
                                                                                                      AUM&A excludes Investment Planning Counsel’s (IPC’s) AUM, AUA, sales,
    could make the period‑over‑period comparison of results from operations
                                                                                                      redemptions and net flows which have been disclosed as discontinued
    less meaningful. Effective in the first quarter of 2024, these measures
                                                                                                      operations.
    also exclude the Company’s proportionate share of items that Great-West
    Lifeco Inc. (Lifeco) excludes from its IFRS reported net earnings in arriving                 •   Assets Under Advisement (AUA) are the key driver of the Wealth
    at Lifeco’s base earnings. Base earnings is an alternate measure Lifeco uses                      Management segment. AUA are savings and investment products held
    to understand the underlying business performance compared to IFRS net                            within client accounts of our Wealth Management segment core business.
    earnings. Lifeco’s financial information can be obtained in its disclosure
                                                                                                  •   Assets Under Management (AUM) are the key driver of the Asset
    materials filed on www.sedarplus.ca. Comparative periods have been
                                                                                                      Management segment. AUM are an additional driver of revenues and
    restated to reflect this change. EBITDA before sales commissions excludes
                                                                                                      expenses within the Wealth Management segment in relation to its
    all sales commissions. EBITDA after sales commissions includes all sales
                                                                                                      investment management activities. AUM are client assets where we
    commissions and highlights aggregate cash flows.
                                                                                                      provide investment management services, and include investment
    Non-IFRS ratios include the following:                                                            funds where we are the fund manager, investment advisory mandates
                                                                                                      to institutions, and other client accounts where we have discretionary
     Ratio                   Numerator                   Denominator                                  portfolio management responsibilities.
     Adjusted earnings per Adjusted net earnings         Average number of                        •   Assets Under Management and Advisement Including Strategic
     share (Adjusted EPS) available to common            outstanding common                           Investments (AUM&A Including SI) represents AUM&A including the
                           shareholders                  shares on a diluted basis                    Company’s proportionate share of the AUM&A of strategic investments
                                                                                                      based on the Company’s direct and indirect ownership of the strategic
     Return (Adjusted        Net earnings            Average shareholders’
                                                                                                      investments. The strategic investments included are those whose activities
     return) on equity       (Adjusted net earnings) equity excluding
                                                                                                      are primarily in asset and wealth management, and include ChinaAMC,
     (ROE, Adjusted ROE)     available to common     non‑controlling interest
                                                                                                      Northleaf, Rockefeller and Wealthsimple. Rockefeller client assets include
                             shareholders
                                                                                                      assets under management and advisement as well as assets held for
     ROE (Adjusted ROE)      Net earnings                Average shareholders’                        investment purposes and only receiving administrative services.
     excluding the impact    (Adjusted net earnings)     equity excluding non-
                                                                                                  •   Working Capital which consists of current assets less current liabilities
     of fair value through   available to common         controlling interest
                                                                                                      excluding assets and liabilities not reflective of ongoing operations.
     other comprehensive     shareholders                and the impact of fair
     income investments                                  value through other
                                                         comprehensive income
                                                         investments net of tax




                                                                                                                                                                                         PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.




6   IGM Financial Inc. 2024 Third Quarter Report | Management's Discussion and Analysis

                                       P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                                C  3
                              IGM Financial Inc.
                              Summary of Consolidated Operating Results

                              IGM Financial Inc. (TSX:IGM) is a leading wealth and asset                        Other Financial Measures and Table 1), excluding other items
                              management company supporting advisors and the clients                            outlined below, for the three months ended September 30,
                              they serve in Canada, and institutional investors globally. The                   2024 were $244.1 million or $1.03 per share compared to
                              Company operates through a number of operating subsidiaries                       adjusted net earnings available to common shareholders of
                              and also holds a number of strategic investments that provide                     $220.5 million or $0.92 per share in 2023, representing an
                              benefits to these subsidiaries while furthering the Company’s                     increase of 12.0% in adjusted earnings per share. Adjusted
                              growth prospects. The Company’s wealth management                                 net earnings available to common shareholders in the current
                              segment consists of IG Wealth Management (IG), and strategic                      quarter represented an increase of 10.8% from $220.4 million
                              investments in Rockefeller Capital Management (Rockefeller)                       or $0.93 per share for the three months ended June 30, 2024.
                              and Wealthsimple Financial Corp. (Wealthsimple). The asset                        Adjusted net earnings available to common shareholders,
                              management segment consists of Mackenzie Investments                              excluding other items outlined below, for the nine months
                              (Mackenzie) and strategic investments in China Asset                              ended September 30, 2024 were $689.0 million or $2.90 per
                              Management Co., Ltd. (ChinaAMC) and Northleaf Capital Group                       share compared to adjusted net earnings available to common
                              Ltd. (Northleaf). The Company also holds an investment in                         shareholders of $638.2 million or $2.67 per share in 2023.
                              Great-West Lifeco Inc. (Lifeco).
                                                                                                                Other items for the nine months ended September 30, 2024
                              IGM Financial’s Assets Under Management and Advisement                            consisted of:
                              Including Strategic Investments (AUM&A Including SI)                              • The Company’s proportionate share of items Lifeco excludes
                              were $461.6 billion as at September 30, 2024 compared to                            from its base earnings (Lifeco other items) of ($6.9) million,
                              $373.8 billion at September 30, 2023 and $390.6 billion at                          including ($4.9) million recorded in the third quarter. Effective
                              December 31, 2023, as detailed in Tables 6 and 7.                                   in the first quarter of 2024, IGM began to exclude the
                                                                                                                  Company’s proportionate share of items that Lifeco excludes
                              IGM Financial’s Assets Under Management and Advisement
                                                                                                                  from its IFRS reported net earnings in arriving at Lifeco’s
                              (AUM&A) were $264.9 billion as at September 30, 2024,
                                                                                                                    base earnings. Base earnings is an alternate measure Lifeco
                              compared to $227.4 billion at September 30, 2023 and
                                                                                                                    uses to understand the underlying business performance
                              $240.2 billion at December 31, 2023, as detailed in Tables
                                                                                                                    compared to IFRS net earnings. Lifeco’s financial information
                              6 and 7. Average total AUM&A for the third quarter of 2024
                                                                                                                    can be obtained in its disclosure materials filed on www.
                              were $258.6 billion compared to $233.7 billion in the third
                              quarter of 2023. Average total AUM&A for the nine months                              sedarplus.ca. Comparative periods have been restated to
                              ended September 30, 2024 were $251.5 billion compared to                              reflect this change.

                              $232.9 billion for the nine months ended September 30, 2023.                          Lifeco other items may include market related impacts;
                                                                                                                    assumption changes and management actions; business
                              Net earnings available to common shareholders for the three
                                                                                                                    transformation impacts; realized gains and losses on assets
                              months ended September 30, 2024 were $239.2 million
                                                                                                                    measured at Fair Value Through Other Comprehensive
                              or $1.01 per share compared to net earnings available to
                                                                                                                    Income; equity and interest impacts on the measurement
                              common shareholders of $209.8 million or $0.88 per share
                                                                                                                    of surplus assets and liabilities; amortization of acquisition
                              for the comparative period in 2023, representing an increase
                                                                                                                    related finite life intangible assets; material legal,
                              of 14.8% in earnings per share. Net earnings available to




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                                                                                                    impairment, and tax related charges, impacts of disposals
                              common shareholders for the three months ended June 30,
                                                                                                                    and acquisitions; and other items that, when removed,
                              2024 were $216.2 million or $0.91 per share. Net earnings
                                                                                                                    assist in explaining Lifeco’s underlying business.
                              available to common shareholders for the nine months ended
                              September 30, 2024 were $678.8 million or $2.86 per share                         • The Company’s proportionate share of Rockefeller’s one-time
                              compared to net earnings available to common shareholders of                        debt refinancing costs of $3.3 million, recorded in the second
                              $729.3 million or $3.06 per share for the comparative period in                     quarter, related to the early repayment of one of Rockefeller’s
                              2023, representing a decrease of 6.5% in earnings per share.                        financing facilities.
                              Adjusted net earnings available to common shareholders (a
                              non‑IFRS measure – see Non‑IFRS Financial Measures and




                                                                Management's Discussion and Analysis | IGM Financial Inc. 2024 Third Quarter Report                                   7
                              C  4                                       P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
    Other items for the nine months ended September 30, 2023                                             and a decrease of $6.2 million that was recorded on a
    consisted of:                                                                                        prospective basis in the second quarter.
    • Restructuring and other charges of $76.2 million after-tax                                     • Lifeco IFRS 17 adjustment of $15.1 million, recorded in the
      ($103.3 million pre-tax), recorded in the second quarter,                                        second quarter, representing a change of estimate which was
      related to further streamlining and simplifying the Company’s                                    recorded on a prospective basis.
      operating model to better align with business priorities.                                      • Lifeco other items of ($16.4) million, including ($10.7) million
    • A gain on the sale of a portion of the Company’s investment                                      recorded in the third quarter.
      in Lifeco of $168.6 million after-tax ($172.9 million pre-tax),
                                                                                                     Shareholders’ equity was $7.6 billion as at September 30, 2024,
      consisting of $174.8 million recorded in the first quarter
                                                                                                     compared to $6.7 billion at December 31, 2023. Adjusted ROE




    Table 1: Reconciliation of Non-IFRS Financial Measures

                                                                                                                                          Three months ended               Nine months ended
                                                                                                                     2024                 2024           2023            2024           2023
    ($ millions except EPS)                                                                                        Sep. 30              Jun. 30        Sep. 30         Sep. 30        Sep. 30

    Adjusted net earnings available to common shareholders(1)                                                $      244.1      $        220.4     $     220.5     $     689.0    $     638.2
     Restructuring and other, net of tax                                                                                 –                   –               –              –          (76.2)
     Gain on sale of Lifeco, net of tax                                                                                  –                   –               –              –          168.6
     Lifeco IFRS 17 adjustment                                                                                           –                   –               –              –           15.1
     Lifeco other items                                                                                               (4.9)               (0.9)         (10.7)           (6.9)         (16.4)
     Rockefeller debt refinancing                                                                                        –                (3.3)              –           (3.3)             –
    Net earnings available to common shareholders                                                            $      239.2      $        216.2     $     209.8     $     678.8    $     729.3
    Adjusted earnings per share(1)                                                                           $       1.03      $          0.93    $      0.92     $      2.90    $      2.67
     Restructuring and other, net of tax                                                                                 –                   –               –              –          (0.32)
     Gain on sale of Lifeco, net of tax                                                                                  –                   –               –              –           0.71
     Lifeco IFRS 17 adjustment                                                                                           –                   –               –              –           0.06
     Lifeco other items                                                                                             (0.02)                   –          (0.04)          (0.03)         (0.06)
     Rockefeller debt refinancing                                                                                        –               (0.02)              –          (0.01)             –
    Earnings per share        (2)
                                                                                                             $       1.01      $          0.91    $      0.88     $      2.86    $      3.06
    Average outstanding shares – Diluted (thousands)                                                             236,931           237,397            238,550         237,501        238,596

    EBITDA before sales commissions(1)                                                                       $      398.1      $        365.4     $     373.0     $ 1,138.0      $ 1,074.8
     Sales–based commissions paid                                                                                   (30.0)               (32.1)         (30.2)          (95.3)         (90.0)
    EBITDA after sales commissions       (1)
                                                                                                                    368.1               333.3           342.8         1,042.7          984.8
     Sales–based commissions paid subject to amortization                                                            30.0                 32.1           30.2            95.3           90.0
     Amortization of capitalized sales commissions                                                                  (26.7)               (26.1)         (24.2)          (78.2)         (69.0)
     Amortization of capital, intangible and other assets                                                           (23.0)               (22.4)          (27.1)         (69.0)         (80.0)
    Adjusted earnings before interest and income taxes             (1)
                                                                                                                    348.4               316.9           321.7           990.8          925.8
     Interest expense(3)                                                                                             32.4                32.2            41.3            96.9          102.4
    Adjusted earnings before income taxes – continuing and discontinued                                             316.0               284.7           280.4           893.9          823.4
    operations(1)
     Income taxes                                                                                                    71.2                63.2            59.8           201.7          183.3
    Adjusted net earnings(1)                                                                                        244.8               221.5           220.6           692.2          640.1




                                                                                                                                                                                                PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
     Restructuring and other, net of tax                                                                                 –                   –               –              –          (76.2)
     Gain on sale of Lifeco, net of tax                                                                                  –                   –               –              –          168.6
     Lifeco IFRS 17 adjustment                                                                                           –                   –               –              –           15.1
     Lifeco other items                                                                                               (4.9)               (0.9)         (10.7)           (6.9)         (16.4)
     Rockefeller debt refinancing                                                                                        –                (3.3)              –           (3.3)             –
    Net earnings                                                                                                    239.9               217.3           209.9           682.0          731.2
       Non‑controlling interest                                                                                        0.7                 1.1            0.1             3.2            1.9
    Net earnings available to common shareholders                                                            $      239.2      $        216.2     $     209.8     $     678.8    $     729.3
    (1) A non-IFRS financial measure – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures section of this document.
    (2) Diluted earnings per share.
    (3) Interest expense includes interest on long-term debt and leases and in Q2 and Q3 2023, also included interest on the credit facility.




8   IGM Financial Inc. 2024 Third Quarter Report | Management's Discussion and Analysis

                                          P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                                   C  5
                              (a non‑IFRS ratio – see Non‑IFRS Financial Measures and Other                      ChinaAMC and Northleaf to the asset management segment.
                              Financial Measures) for the nine months ended September 30,                        These changes have no impact on the reported earnings of
                              2024 was 13.1% compared to 13.7% for the comparative period                        the Company. Prior period comparative information has been
                              in 2023. Adjusted ROE excluding the impact of fair value                           restated to reflect the realigned segments.
                              through other comprehensive income investments (a non‑IFRS
                                                                                                                 The Company’s reportable segments are Wealth Management,
                              ratio – see Non‑IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial
                                                                                                                 Asset Management and Corporate & Other and reflect the
                              Measures) for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was
                                                                                                                 Company’s internal financial reporting and performance
                              14.3% compared to 14.4% for the comparative period in 2023.
                                                                                                                 measurement (Tables 2, 3 and 4):
                              The quarterly dividend per common share declared in the third
                              quarter of 2024 was 56.25 cents, unchanged from the second                         • Wealth Management – reflects the activities of its core
                              quarter of 2024.                                                                     business and strategic investments that are principally
                                                                                                                   focused on providing financial planning and related services
                              Market Overview                                                                      to retail client households. This segment includes the activities
                                                                                                                     of IG Wealth Management which is a retail distribution
                              Financial market returns were generally positive throughout 2024:
                                                                                                                     organization that serves Canadian households through its
                              • The S&P TSX Composite total return index increased by 6.6%                           securities dealer, mutual fund dealer and other subsidiaries
                                in the first quarter, decreased by 0.5% in the second quarter,                       licensed to distribute financial products and services. A
                                and increased by 10.5% in the third quarter.                                         majority of the revenues of this segment are derived from
                              • U.S. equity markets, as measured by the S&P 500 total return                         providing financial advice and distributing financial products
                                index, increased by 10.6% in the first quarter, 4.3% in the                          and services to Canadian households. This segment also
                                second quarter, and 5.9% in the third quarter.                                       includes the investment management activities of these
                              • European equity markets, as measured by the MSCI Europe                              organizations, including mutual fund management and
                                net total return index, increased by 7.6% in the first quarter,                      discretionary portfolio management services. This segment
                                1.3% in the second quarter, and 2.4% in the third quarter.                           also includes the Company’s strategic investments in
                              • Asian equity markets, as measured by the MSCI AC Asia                                Rockefeller and Wealthsimple. Rockefeller is classified as an
                                Pacific net total return index, increased by 5.0% in the                             investment in associate and accounted for using the equity
                                first quarter, 2.7% in the second quarter, and 9.0% in the                           method, with the proportionate share of earnings included
                                third quarter.                                                                       in revenue. Wealthsimple is classified as an investment which
                                                                                                                     is accounted for at fair value through other comprehensive
                              • Chinese equity markets, as measured by the CSI 300 net
                                                                                                                     income (FVTOCI) and therefore has no impact on the segment
                                total return index increased by 3.1% in the first quarter,
                                                                                                                     earnings. This segment previously included IPC, which was
                                decreased by 1.0% in the second quarter, and increased by
                                                                                                                     sold on November 30, 2023. In comparative periods, IPC’s
                                17.7% in the third quarter.
                                                                                                                     results were classified as discontinued operations.
                              • The FTSE TMX Canada Universe Bond total return index
                                                                                                                 • Asset Management – reflects the activities of its core
                                decreased by 1.2% in the first quarter and increased by 0.9%
                                                                                                                   business and strategic investments primarily focused on
                                and 4.7% in the second and third quarters, respectively.
                                                                                                                   providing investment management services. This segment
                              • Our clients experienced average investment returns of 5.7%
                                                                                                                   includes the operations of Mackenzie Investments which
                                in the first quarter, 1.4% in the second quarter, and 5.2% in
                                                                                                                   provides investment management services to a suite of
                                the third quarter.
                                                                                                                   investment funds that are distributed through third party
                              IGM Financial’s AUM&A increased by 10.3% from $240.2 billion                         dealers and financial advisors, and through institutional
                              at December 31, 2023 to $264.9 billion at September 30, 2024.                        advisory mandates to financial institutions, pensions and
                              See Table 29 for the composition of IGM Financial’s AUM&A.                             other institutional investors. This segment also includes the




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                                                                                                     Company’s strategic investment in ChinaAMC and Northleaf
                                                                                                                     which are classified as investments in associates and
                              Reportable Segments                                                                    accounted for using the equity method. The proportionate
                              In the fourth quarter of 2023, the Company realigned its                               share of earnings on these investments are included in the
                              reportable segments to better characterize and simplify the                            segment’s revenue.
                              Company’s business lines into wealth management and asset                          • Corporate and Other – primarily represents the investments in
                              management segments.                                                                 Lifeco and Portage Ventures LPs, the Company’s unallocated
                              The revised segments reflect a realignment of Rockefeller                            capital, as well as consolidation elimination entries.
                              and Wealthsimple to the wealth management segment and




                                                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis | IGM Financial Inc. 2024 Third Quarter Report                                  9
                              C  6                                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
     Table 2: Consolidated Operating Results by Segment – Q3 2024 vs. Q3 2023

                                                                          Wealth Management               Asset Management                   Corporate & Other                          Total
     Three months ended                                                     2024           2023            2024            2023              2024          2023           2024          2023
     ($ millions)                                                         Sep. 30        Sep. 30         Sep. 30         Sep. 30           Sep. 30       Sep. 30        Sep. 30       Sep. 30

     Revenues
      Wealth management                                               $    618.5     $ 564.8         $          –    $         –       $     (2.5)   $      (1.7)   $    616.0    $    563.1

      Asset management                                                          –               –         280.5           265.7             (27.1)        (25.8)         253.4         239.9
      Dealer compensation expense                                               –               –          (81.8)          (77.9)            (1.0)          (0.7)        (82.8)        (78.6)
      Net asset management                                                      –               –         198.7           187.8             (28.1)        (26.5)         170.6         161.3

      Net investment income and other                                        1.1             2.2             5.0             2.5              4.0           3.2           10.1           7.9
      Proportionate share of associates’ earnings                           (0.2)            0.7           36.3             25.1             25.3          23.4           61.4          49.2
                                                                           619.4          567.7           240.0           215.4              (1.3)          (1.6)        858.1         781.5
     Expenses
      Advisory and business development                                    258.5          234.3             19.8            19.0                –              –         278.3        253.3
      Operations and support                                               115.3          108.8             95.7            87.2              0.4           0.4          211.4         196.4
      Sub-advisory                                                          49.1            43.8             1.4             1.2            (30.5)        (28.2)          20.0          16.8
                                                                           422.9          386.9           116.9           107.4             (30.1)        (27.8)         509.7        466.5
     Adjusted earnings before interest and taxes(1)                        196.5          180.8           123.1           108.0              28.8          26.2          348.4         315.0
     Interest expense(2)                                                    25.8            25.9             6.6             6.6                –              –          32.4          32.5
     Adjusted earnings before income taxes(1)                              170.7          154.9           116.5           101.4              28.8          26.2          316.0         282.5
     Income taxes                                                           45.8            41.2            24.5           22.4               0.9          (3.2)          71.2          60.4
     Adjusted net earnings – continuing operations(1)                      124.9          113.7            92.0            79.0              27.9          29.4          244.8         222.1
     Net earnings – discontinued operations                                     –            4.5                –              –                –           (6.0)            –           (1.5)
     Adjusted net earnings(1)                                              124.9          118.2            92.0            79.0              27.9          23.4          244.8         220.6
     Non‑controlling interest                                                   –               –            0.7             0.1                –              –           0.7           0.1
     Adjusted net earnings available to common
     shareholders(1)                                                  $    124.9     $    118.2      $     91.3      $     78.9        $     27.9    $     23.4          244.1        220.5
     Other items , net of tax
                  (1)


      Lifeco other items                                                                                                                                                  (4.9)        (10.7)
     Net earnings available to common shareholders                                                                                                                  $    239.2    $   209.8
     (1) A non-IFRS financial measure – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures section of this document.
     (2) Interest expense includes interest on long-term debt and leases.




     Assets Under Management and Advisement (AUM&A)                                                 Assets Under Management (AUM) are the key driver of the
     represents the consolidated AUM and AUA of IGM Financial’s                                     Asset Management segment. AUM are an additional driver
     core businesses IG Wealth Management and Mackenzie                                             of revenues and expenses within the Wealth Management
     Investments. In the Wealth Management segment, AUM is                                          segment in relation to its investment management activities.
     a component part of AUA. All instances where the Asset                                         AUM are client assets where we provide investment
     Management segment is providing investment management                                          management services, and include investment funds where
     services or distributing its products through the Wealth                                       we are the fund manager, investment advisory mandates
     Management segment are eliminated in our reporting such                                        to institutions, and other client accounts where we have




                                                                                                                                                                                                 PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
     that there is no double‑counting of the same client savings                                    discretionary portfolio management responsibilities.
     held at IGM Financial’s core businesses. AUM&A excludes IPC’s
                                                                                                    Assets Under Management and Advisement Including
     AUM, AUA, sales, redemptions and net flows which have been
                                                                                                    Strategic Investments (AUM&A Including SI) represents
     disclosed as discontinued operations.
                                                                                                    AUM&A including the Company’s proportionate share of the
     Assets Under Advisement (AUA) are the key driver of                                            AUM&A of strategic investments based on the Company’s
     the Wealth Management segment. AUA are savings and                                             direct and indirect ownership of the strategic investments.
     investment products held within client accounts of our Wealth                                  The strategic investments included are those whose activities
     Management segment operating companies.                                                        are primarily in asset and wealth management, and include
                                                                                                    ChinaAMC, Northleaf, Rockefeller and Wealthsimple. Rockefeller




10 IGM Financial Inc. 2024 Third Quarter Report | Management's Discussion and Analysis
                                         P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                                    C  7
                              Table 3: Consolidated Operating Results by Segment – Nine months ended

                                                                                                Wealth Management                Asset Management                 Corporate & Other                               Total
                              Nine months ended                                                   2024            2023            2024            2023            2024              2023           2024           2023
                              ($ millions)                                                      Sep. 30         Sep. 30         Sep. 30         Sep. 30         Sep. 30           Sep. 30        Sep. 30        Sep. 30

                              Revenues
                               Wealth management                                            $ 1,795.3       $ 1,654.5       $         –     $         –     $      (6.7)    $        (4.8)   $ 1,788.6      $ 1,649.7

                               Asset management                                                       –               –          819.9           791.7           (78.8)            (77.0)         741.1          714.7
                               Dealer compensation expense                                            –               –         (241.3)         (235.4)            (2.7)             (2.0)       (244.0)         (237.4)
                               Net asset management                                                   –               –          578.6           556.3           (81.5)            (79.0)         497.1          477.3

                               Net investment income and other                                      9.1             9.6           14.7              8.0           11.9               9.4           35.7            27.0
                               Proportionate share of associates’ earnings                         (7.7)           (2.5)         103.9             89.1           73.7              64.2          169.9          150.8
                                                                                                1,796.7         1,661.6          697.2           653.4             (2.6)           (10.2)        2,491.3        2,304.8
                              Expenses
                               Advisory and business development                                 759.8           690.3            62.6            62.7                –                 –         822.4          753.0
                               Operations and support                                            344.6           322.6           275.0           270.0              1.6              1.0          621.2          593.6
                               Sub-advisory                                                      140.9           129.4              4.1             3.4          (88.1)            (83.8)          56.9            49.0
                                                                                                1,245.3         1,142.3          341.7           336.1           (86.5)            (82.8)        1,500.5        1,395.6
                              Adjusted earnings before interest and taxes(1)                     551.4           519.3           355.5           317.3            83.9              72.6          990.8          909.2
                              Interest expense(2)                                                 77.3            72.2            19.6            18.5                 –                –          96.9            90.7
                              Adjusted earnings before income taxes(1)                           474.1           447.1           335.9           298.8            83.9              72.6          893.9          818.5
                              Income taxes                                                       129.3           119.5            69.8            63.7              2.6              (1.3)        201.7           181.9
                              Adjusted net earnings – continuing operations(1)                   344.8           327.6           266.1           235.1            81.3              73.9          692.2          636.6
                              Net earnings – discontinued operations                                  –            11.5               –               –                –             (8.0)             –            3.5
                              Adjusted net earnings(1)                                           344.8           339.1           266.1           235.1            81.3              65.9          692.2          640.1
                              Non‑controlling interest                                                –             0.2             3.2             1.7                –                –            3.2            1.9
                              Adjusted net earnings available to common
                              shareholders(1)                                               $    344.8      $    338.9      $    262.9      $    233.4      $     81.3      $       65.9          689.0          638.2
                              Other items , net of tax
                                           (1)


                               Restructuring and other                                                                                                                                                 –          (76.2)
                               Gain on sale of Lifeco                                                                                                                                                  –         168.6
                               Lifeco IFRS 17 adjustment                                                                                                                                               –           15.1
                               Lifeco other items                                                                                                                                                   (6.9)         (16.4)
                               Rockefeller debt refinancing                                                                                                                                         (3.3)             –
                              Net earnings available to common shareholders                                                                                                                  $    678.8     $    729.3
                              (1) A non-IFRS financial measure – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures section of this document.
                              (2) Interest expense includes interest on long-term debt and leases.



                              client assets include AUM&A as well as assets held for                                            with insurance and banking products and services, and
                              investment purposes and only receiving administrative services.                                   revenue relating to mortgage lending activities.
                                                                                                                           • Asset management revenue – revenues earned by the Asset
                              Financial Presentation                                                                         Management segment related to investment management




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                                                                                                                advisory and administrative services.
                              The financial presentation includes revenues and expenses to
                              align with the key drivers of business activity and to reflect our                           • Dealer compensation – asset‑based and sales‑based
                              emphasis on business growth and operational efficiency. The                                    compensation paid to dealers by the Asset Management
                              categories are as follows:                                                                     segment.

                              • Wealth management revenue – revenues earned by the                                         • Proportionate share of associates’ earnings – the Company’s
                                Wealth Management segment for providing financial planning,                                  proportionate share of earnings from equity investments
                                investment advisory and related financial services. Revenues                                 including Lifeco, ChinaAMC, Northleaf and Rockefeller.
                                include financial advisory fees, investment management and                                 • Advisory and business development expenses – expenses
                                related administration fees, distribution revenue associated                                 incurred on activities directly associated with providing




                                                                         Management's Discussion and Analysis | IGM Financial Inc. 2024 Third Quarter Report                                                               11
                              C  8                                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
    Table 4: Consolidated Operating Results by Segment – Q3 2024 vs. Q2 2024

                                                                         Wealth Management               Asset Management                   Corporate & Other                        Total
    Three months ended                                                     2024           2024            2024            2024              2024          2024          2024          2024
    ($ millions)                                                         Sep. 30        Jun. 30         Sep. 30         Jun. 30           Sep. 30       Jun. 30       Sep. 30       Jun. 30

    Revenues
     Wealth management                                               $    618.5     $    592.3      $          –    $         –       $     (2.5)   $     (2.3)   $    616.0    $   590.0

     Asset management                                                          –               –         280.5           271.5             (27.1)        (25.7)        253.4        245.8
     Dealer compensation expense                                               –               –          (81.8)          (80.2)            (1.0)         (0.9)        (82.8)        (81.1)
     Net asset management                                                      –               –         198.7           191.3             (28.1)        (26.6)        170.6        164.7

     Net investment income and other                                        1.1             2.7             5.0             3.2              4.0           4.1          10.1          10.0
     Proportionate share of associates’ earnings                           (0.2)           (2.4)          36.3            33.6              25.3          24.5          61.4          55.7
                                                                          619.4          592.6           240.0           228.1              (1.3)         (0.3)        858.1        820.4
    Expenses
     Advisory and business development                                    258.5          257.1             19.8            21.4                –             –         278.3        278.5
     Operations and support                                               115.3          114.3             95.7           90.8               0.4           0.8         211.4        205.9
     Sub-advisory                                                          49.1           46.5              1.4             1.4            (30.5)        (28.8)         20.0          19.1
                                                                          422.9           417.9          116.9           113.6             (30.1)        (28.0)        509.7        503.5
    Adjusted earnings before interest and taxes(1)                        196.5          174.7           123.1           114.5              28.8          27.7         348.4        316.9
    Interest expense(2)                                                    25.8            25.7             6.6             6.5                –             –          32.4         32.2
    Adjusted earnings before income taxes(1)                              170.7          149.0           116.5           108.0              28.8          27.7         316.0        284.7
    Income taxes                                                           45.8           40.3             24.5            22.1              0.9           0.8          71.2         63.2
    Adjusted net earnings – continuing operations(1)                      124.9          108.7            92.0            85.9              27.9          26.9         244.8        221.5
    Net earnings – discontinued operations                                     –               –               –              –                –             –             –             –
    Adjusted net earnings(1)                                              124.9          108.7            92.0            85.9              27.9          26.9         244.8        221.5
    Non‑controlling interest                                                   –               –            0.7             1.1                –             –           0.7           1.1
    Adjusted net earnings available to common
    shareholders(1)                                                  $    124.9     $    108.7      $     91.3      $     84.8        $     27.9    $     26.9         244.1        220.4
    Other items , net of tax
                 (1)


     Lifeco other items                                                                                                                                                 (4.9)         (0.9)
     Rockefeller debt refinancing                                                                                                                                           –         (3.3)
    Net earnings available to common shareholders                                                                                                                 $    239.2    $   216.2
    (1) A non-IFRS financial measure – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures section of this document.
    (2) Interest expense includes interest on long-term debt and leases.




       financial planning services to clients of the Wealth                                             functions. These expenses primarily reflect compensation,
       Management segment and wholesale distribution activities                                         technology and other service provider expenses.
       performed by the Asset Management segment. Expenses                                         • Sub-advisory expenses – reflects fees relating to investment
       include compensation, recognition and other support                                           management services provided by third party or related
       provided to our advisors, field management, product &                                         party investment management organizations. These
       planning specialists; expenses associated with facilities,                                    fees typically are variable with the level of assets under
       technology and training relating to our advisors and                                          management. These fees include investment advisory




                                                                                                                                                                                              PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
       specialists; other business development activities including                                  services performed for the Wealth Management segment by
       direct marketing and advertising. A significant component                                     the Asset Management segment.
       of these expenses varies directly with levels of assets
                                                                                                   Interest expense represents interest expense on long‑term
       under management or advisement, business development
                                                                                                   debt and leases. The increase in interest expense for the nine
       measures including sales and client acquisition, and the
                                                                                                   months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 2023 resulted
       number of advisor and client relationships.
                                                                                                   from the impact of the issuance of $300 million 5.426%
    • Operations and support expenses – expenses associated
                                                                                                   debentures on May 26, 2023. Interest expense is allocated
      with business operations, including technology and business
                                                                                                   to each segment based on management’s assessment of:
      processes; in-house investment management and product
                                                                                                   i) capacity to service the debt, and ii) where the debt is being
      shelf management; corporate management and support




12 IGM Financial Inc. 2024 Third Quarter Report | Management's Discussion and Analysis
                                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                                   C  9
                              Table 5: Effective Income Tax Rate

                                                                                                                                                       Three months ended              Nine months ended
                                                                                                                                 2024                2024               2023         2024          2023
                                                                                                                               Sep. 30             Jun. 30            Sep. 30      Sep. 30       Sep. 30

                              Income taxes at Canadian federal and provincial statutory rates                                   26.54 %             26.58 %            26.59 %      26.57 %       26.70 %
                               Effect of:
                                 Proportionate share of associates’ earnings(1)                                                  (4.14)             (4.29)              (3.89)      (4.11)         (3.62)
                                 Other                                                                                            0.08               (0.14)             (1.52)       0.07          (0.43)
                              Effective income tax rate – before other items                                                    22.48               22.15               21.18       22.53         22.65
                               Gain on sale of Lifeco                                                                                 –                  –                   –          –          (4.75)
                               Lifeco IFRS 17 adjustment                                                                              –                  –                   –          –          (0.45)
                               Lifeco other items(2)                                                                              0.42               0.08                1.05        0.21          0.50
                               Rockefeller debt refinancing                                                                           –              0.32                    –       0.10              –
                              Effective income tax rate – net earnings from continuing operations                               22.90 %             22.55 %            22.23 %      22.84 %       17.95 %
                              (1) Includes proportionate share of Lifeco’s base earnings.
                              (2) Comparative figures have been restated to include Lifeco other items.




                              serviced. Interest expense related to the credit facility, which                              Other items, as reflected in Tables 2, 3 and 4, include the
                              was temporary financing put in place in the second quarter of                                 after-tax impact of any item that management considers to be
                              2023 and was repaid in the fourth quarter prior to the close of                               of a non‑recurring nature or that could make the period‑over‑
                              the IPC sale, is included in discontinued operations and totalled                             period comparison of results from operations less meaningful
                              $8.7 million and $11.9 million, respectively, for the three and                               and are not allocated to segments.
                              nine months ended September 30, 2023.
                                                                                                                            Other items for the nine months ended September 30, 2024
                              Income taxes are reported in each segment. IGM Financial                                      consisted of:
                              consolidated changes in the effective tax rates are detailed in                               • The Company’s proportionate share of items Lifeco excludes
                              Table 5.                                                                                        from its base earnings (Lifeco other items) of ($6.9) million,
                              Tax planning may result in the Company recording lower                                          including ($4.9) million recorded in the third quarter.
                              levels of income taxes. Management monitors the status of its                                 • The Company’s proportionate share of Rockefeller one-time
                              income tax filings and regularly assesses the overall adequacy                                    debt refinancing costs of $3.3 million, recorded in the second
                              of its provision for income taxes and, as a result, income                                        quarter, related to the early repayment of one of Rockefeller’s
                              taxes recorded in prior years may be adjusted in the current                                      financing facilities.
                              year. The effect of changes in management’s best estimates                                    Other items for the three and nine months ended
                              reported in adjusted net earnings is reflected in Other, which                                September 30, 2023 consisted of:
                              also includes, but is not limited to, the effect of lower effective
                                                                                                                            • Restructuring and other charges of $76.2 million after-tax
                              income tax rates on foreign operations.
                                                                                                                              ($103.3 million pre-tax), recorded in the second quarter,
                              In December 2021, the Organization for Economic Co‑operation                                    related to further streamlining and simplifying the Company’s
                              and Development (OECD) published the Pillar Two model rules                                     operating model to better align with business priorities.
                              outlining a structure for a new 15% global minimum tax regime.                                • A gain on the sale of a portion of the Company’s investment
                              Pillar Two legislation in Canada was enacted on June 20, 2024,                                  in Lifeco of $168.6 million after-tax ($172.9 million pre-tax),
                              and applies retroactively to January 1, 2024. Other countries                                   consisting of $174.8 million recorded in the first quarter




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                              where the Company operates, including Ireland and the UK,                                       and a decrease of $6.2 million that was recorded on a
                              had previously enacted Pillar Two legislation, also effective                                   prospective basis in the second quarter.
                              January 1, 2024.                                                                              • Lifeco IFRS 17 adjustment of $15.1 million, recorded in the
                              The global minimum tax is very complex in nature and will apply                                 second quarter, representing a change of estimate which was
                              to the Company as part of a larger related group of companies.                                  recorded on a prospective basis.
                              The Company currently expects the global minimum tax to                                       • Lifeco other items of ($16.4) million, including ($10.7) million
                              apply to income in Ireland where the statutory tax rate is                                      recorded in the third quarter.
                              below 15%. The amount of tax is not expected to be material to
                              the Company.




                                                                           Management's Discussion and Analysis | IGM Financial Inc. 2024 Third Quarter Report                                              13
                              C  10                                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
    Total AUM&A                                                                             advance of changes to Canada’s capital gains tax policy that
                                                                                            took effect on June 25, 2024.
    IGM Financial’s AUM&A Including SI were $461.6 billion
    as at September 30, 2024 compared to $373.8 billion at                                  The Company also benefits from the underlying assets under
    September 30, 2023, as detailed in Table 6.                                             management of the Company’s investments in associates,
                                                                                            including ChinaAMC, Northleaf, Rockefeller and its investment
    AUM&A were $264.9 billion at September 30, 2024 compared to
                                                                                            in Wealthsimple which is classified as FVTOCI. The Company
    $227.4 billion at September 30, 2023, an increase of 16.5%, as
                                                                                            has included its proportionate share of the AUM&A of these
    detailed in Table 6. AUM were $249.3 billion at September 30,
                                                                                            investments in its AUM&A Including SI based on its direct and
    2024 compared to $215.2 billion at September 30, 2023, an
                                                                                            indirect interest in these companies.
    increase of 15.8%.
                                                                                            At September 30, 2024, ChinaAMC’s AUM was RMB¥
    AUM&A net outflows in the third quarter of 2024 were
                                                                                            2,358.2 billion ($454.4 billion) compared to RMB¥ 1,826.3 billion
    $272 million compared to net outflows of $709 million in the
                                                                                            ($339.8 billion) at September 30, 2023, an increase of 29.1%
    third quarter of 2023, as detailed in Table 6. Third quarter
                                                                                            (CAD 33.7%). IGM Financial holds a 27.8% interest in ChinaAMC.
    investment fund net sales were $17 million, compared to net
    redemptions of $1.1 billion in the third quarter of 2023. Net                           At September 30, 2024, Northleaf’s AUM was $29.6 billion
    outflows for the nine months ended September 30, 2024                                   compared to $26.9 billion at September 30, 2023, an increase
    were $1.5 billion compared to net outflows of $802 million in                           of 10.0%. IGM Financial holds a 56% economic interest
    2023. Investment fund net redemptions for the nine month                                in Northleaf.
    period were $1.8 billion in 2024 compared to net redemptions
                                                                                            At September 30, 2024, Rockefeller’s client assets were USD
    of $2.4 billion in 2023. Net flows and net sales are based on
                                                                                            $148.9 billion ($201.4 billion) compared to USD $111.6 billion
    AUM&A excluding sub-advisory assets to Canada Life and to
                                                                                            ($151.5 billion) at September 30, 2023, an increase of 33.4%
    the Wealth Management segment.
                                                                                            (CAD 32.9%). IGM Financial holds a 20.5% interest in Rockefeller.
    In January 2024, the IG Wealth Management pension plan
                                                                                            At September 30, 2024, Wealthsimple’s AUA was $52.1 billion
    executed a redemption of $177 million from IG Wealth
                                                                                            compared to $24.9 billion at September 30, 2023, an increase
    Management mutual funds. These funds were subsequently
                                                                                            of 109.2%. IGM Financial holds a 27.3% interest in Wealthsimple.
    reallocated into a separately managed account managed
    by Mackenzie. Excluding this specific activity, IGM Financial                           Changes in AUM&A for the Wealth Management and Asset
    investment funds net redemptions for the nine months                                    Management segments are discussed further in each of their
    ended September 30, 2024 amounted to $1.7 billion, while                                respective Review of the Business sections in the MD&A.
    separately managed accounts experienced net redemptions
    of $634 million. Notably, this transaction had no impact on the
                                                                                            Summary of Quarterly Results
    overall net flows for IGM Financial.
                                                                                            The Summary of Quarterly Results in Table 7 includes the eight
    In June 2024, IGM Financial experienced heightened investment                           most recent quarters and the reconciliation of non‑IFRS financial
    fund gross sales, redemptions and heightened positive other                             measures to net earnings in accordance with IFRS.
    net flows due to clients strategically triggering capital gains in
                                                                                            Changes in average AUM&A over the eight most recent quarters,
                                                                                            as shown in Table 7, largely reflect the impact of changes in
                                                                                            domestic and foreign markets and net sales of the Company.




                                                                                                                                                                PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.




14 IGM Financial Inc. 2024 Third Quarter Report | Management's Discussion and Analysis
                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                            C  11
                              Table 6: AUM&A

                                                                                                                                                                      Intercompany
                                                                                                  Wealth Management (1)           Asset Management(2)                   Eliminations (3)              Consolidated
                                                                                                      2024            2023          2024             2023         2024             2023       2024             2023
                              ($ millions)                                                          Sep. 30         Sep. 30       Sep. 30          Sep. 30      Sep. 30          Sep. 30    Sep. 30          Sep. 30

                              Three months ended
                              Gross flows
                               Mutual fund gross sales(4)                                       $    3,301      $    2,687 $       1,812       $    1,503 $            –     $        – $    5,113       $    4,190
                               Dealer gross inflows(3)                                               3,432           3,103               –               –             –              –      3,432            3,103
                               Discontinued operations inflows                                             –         1,093               –               –             –              –          –            1,093
                              Net flows
                               Mutual fund net sales(4)                                                313             (420)         (569)           (712)             –              –       (256)          (1,132)
                               ETF net creations                                                           –               –          273              13              –              –        273               13
                               Investment fund net sales                                               313             (420)         (296)           (699)             –              –         17            (1,119)
                               Institutional SMA net sales                                                 –               –         (306)               7             –              –       (306)               7
                               IGM product net sales                                                   313             (420)         (602)           (692)             –              –       (289)           (1,112)
                               Other dealer net flows                                                    17            403               –               –             –              –         17             403
                               Total net flows   (3)
                                                                                                       330              (17)         (602)           (692)             –              –       (272)            (709)
                               Discontinued operations net flows                                           –            116              –               –             –             44          –              160
                               Total net flows including discontinued operations(3)                    330             100           (602)           (692)             –             43       (272)            (549)

                              Nine months ended
                              Gross flows
                               Mutual fund gross sales(4)                                       $ 11,312        $    8,289 $       6,311       $   5,534 $             –     $        – $ 17,623         $ 13,823
                               Dealer gross inflows(3)                                              10,696           9,561               –               –             –              –     10,696            9,561
                               Discontinued operations inflows                                             –         3,475               –               –             –              –          –            3,475
                              Net flows
                               Mutual fund net sales(4)(5)                                            (614)         (1,202)       (2,001)          (1,327)             –              –     (2,615)          (2,529)
                               ETF net creations                                                           –               –          766              84              –              –        766               84
                               Investment fund net sales                                              (614)         (1,202)       (1,235)          (1,243)             –              –     (1,849)          (2,445)
                               Institutional SMA net sales(5)(6)                                           –               –         (457)            378              –              –       (457)             378
                               IGM product net sales                                                  (614)         (1,202)       (1,692)            (865)             –              –     (2,306)          (2,067)
                               Other dealer net flows                                                  817           1,265               –               –             –              –        817            1,265
                               Total net flows(3)                                                      203               63       (1,692)            (865)             –              –     (1,489)            (802)
                               Discontinued operations net flows                                           –           341               –               –             –             81          –              422
                               Total net flows including discontinued operations(3)                    203             407        (1,692)            (865)             –             78     (1,489)            (380)
                              (1) Effective January 2023, Mackenzie Investment fund products sold through IG Wealth Management are reported within IG Wealth Management’s AUM and Mackenzie
                                  Sub-advisory and AUM to Wealth Management.
                              (2) Asset Management flows activity excludes sub-advisory to Canada Life and the Wealth Management segment.
                              (3) Consolidated results eliminate double counting where business is reflected within multiple segments.
                              (4) Wealth Management AUM and net sales include separately managed accounts.
                              (5) In the first quarter of 2024, the IG Wealth Management pension plan redeemed $177 million from IG Wealth Management mutual funds that was re-allocated into a
                                  separately managed account managed by Mackenzie.
                              (6) Sub-advisory, institutional and other accounts – During the nine month period of 2023, Mackenzie onboarded an institutional mandate of $490 million.




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.




                                                                         Management's Discussion and Analysis | IGM Financial Inc. 2024 Third Quarter Report                                                            15
                              C  12                                                P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
    Table 6: AUM&A (continued)
                                                                                                                                           Intercompany
                                                                             Wealth Management               Asset Management                Eliminations (1)              Consolidated
                                                                               2024            2023          2024            2023       2024          2023         2024           2023
    ($ millions)                                                             Sep. 30         Sep. 30       Sep. 30         Sep. 30    Sep. 30       Sep. 30      Sep. 30        Sep. 30

    AUM&A
     IG Wealth Management
       AUM(2)                                                             $120,788        $ 101,945
       Other AUA                                                             15,620          12,259
       AUA                                                                  136,408         114,204
     Mackenzie Investments
       Mutual funds                                                                                      $ 60,951       $ 53,950
       ETFs(3)                                                                                               6,868          5,050
       Investment funds                                                                                    67,819          59,000

       Institutional SMA                                                                                     8,079           7,102
       Sub-advisory to Canada Life(4)                                                                      52,608          45,906
       Total Institutional SMA                                                                             60,687          53,008

       Third Party AUM                                                                                    128,506         112,008
       Sub-advisory and AUM to Wealth Management(4)                                                        83,584          74,325
       Total AUM                                                                                          212,090         186,333
     Consolidated excluding discontinued operations(5)
       AUM                                                                $120,788        $ 101,945 $212,090            $ 186,333 $ (83,584)     $ (73,089) $249,294          $ 215,189
       AUM&A                                                                136,408        114,204        212,090         186,333     (83,584)     (73,089)     264,914        227,448
     Strategic investments(6)
       ChinaAMC                                                                                           126,324          94,470
       Northleaf                                                                                           16,588          15,092
       Rockefeller                                                           41,192          30,991
       Wealthsimple                                                          14,234            7,052
       Intra‑segment eliminations                                                  (7)             (4)        (266)           (302)
                                                                             55,419          38,039       142,646         109,260     (1,395)          (937)    196,670        146,362
     Consolidated AUM&A Including SI(5)                                   $191,827        $152,243 $354,736             $ 295,593 $ (84,979)     $ (74,026) $461,584          $373,810
    (1) Consolidated results eliminate double counting where business is reflected within multiple segments.
    (2) Wealth Management AUM includes separately managed accounts.
    (3) ETF assets inclusive of IGM Financial’s managed products were $14.9 billion at September 30, 2024 (2023 – $12.5 billion).
    (4) Effective November 30, 2023, Mackenzie’s sub-advisory to discontinued operations, which had previously been reported in sub-advisory and AUM to Wealth
        Management, are now reported in sub-advisory to Canada Life.
    (5) 2023 excludes discontinued operations of IPC: Wealth Management AUM of $4.9 billion and AUA of $30.3 billion; AUA elimination entries of ($4.4) billion; and IGM
        consolidated AUM&A of $25.9 billion.
    (6) Proportionate share of strategic investments’ AUM comprised of 27.8% (2023 – 27.8%) of ChinaAMC’s AUM, 56% (2023 – 56%) of Northleaf’s AUM, 20.5% (2023 – 20.5%)
        of Rockefeller’s client assets, and 27.3% (2023 – 28.3%) of Wealthsimple’s AUA.




                                                                                                                                                                                          PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.




16 IGM Financial Inc. 2024 Third Quarter Report | Management's Discussion and Analysis
                                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                              C  13
                              Table 7: Summary of Quarterly Results
                                                                                                                2024         2024          2024          2023           2023         2023        2023        2022
                                                                                                                  Q3           Q2            Q1            Q4             Q3           Q2          Q1          Q4

                              Consolidated statements of earnings ($ millions)
                              Revenues
                               Wealth management                                                        $     616.0 $      590.0 $        582.6 $       550.0 $       563.1 $       552.5 $     534.1 $    530.8

                               Asset management                                                               253.4        245.8          241.9         234.3         239.9         238.7       236.1      233.5
                               Dealer compensation expense                                                     (82.8)        (81.1)        (80.1)        (76.7)        (78.6)       (79.5)      (79.3)      (77.0)
                               Net asset management                                                           170.6        164.7          161.8         157.6          161.3        159.2       156.8       156.5

                               Net investment income and other                                                  10.1         10.0          15.6           10.6            7.9         8.1        11.0        14.9
                               Proportionate share of associates’ earnings                                      61.4         55.7          52.8          56.6           49.2         48.8        52.8        60.1
                                                                                                              858.1        820.4          812.8         774.8         781.5         768.6       754.7      762.3
                              Expenses
                               Advisory and business development                                              278.3        278.5          265.6         253.2         253.3        254.0        245.7      238.5
                               Operations and support                                                         211.4        205.9          203.9         208.8         196.4         195.4       201.8      200.0
                               Sub-advisory                                                                     20.0         19.1           17.8          16.7          16.8         16.4        15.8        15.5
                               Interest (1)                                                                     32.4         32.2          32.3           32.5          32.5         30.1        28.1        28.5
                                                                                                              542.1        535.7          519.6         511.2         499.0         495.9       491.4      482.5
                              Earnings before undernoted                                                      316.0        284.7          293.2         263.6         282.5         272.7      263.3        279.8
                              Restructuring and other                                                              –             –             –              –             –      (103.3)          –           –
                              Gain on sale of Lifeco                                                               –             –             –              –             –        (6.2)      179.1           –
                              Lifeco IFRS 17 adjustment                                                            –             –             –              –             –        15.1           –           –
                              Lifeco other items                                                                (4.9)         (0.9)          (1.1)        (6.0)        (10.7)        (5.9)        0.2         5.3
                              Rockefeller debt refinancing                                                         –          (3.3)            –              –             –           –           –           –
                              Earnings before income taxes                                                    311.1        280.5          292.1         257.6         271.8         172.4      442.6        285.1
                              Income taxes                                                                      71.2         63.2          67.3          56.0           60.4         35.4        63.3        61.8
                              Net earnings from continuing operations                                         239.9         217.3         224.8         201.6          211.4        137.0       379.3      223.3
                              Net earnings from discontinued operations                                            –             –             –        219.7            (1.5)        1.8         3.2         3.7
                              Net earnings                                                                    239.9         217.3         224.8         421.3         209.9         138.8       382.5       227.0
                              Non‑controlling interest                                                           0.7           1.1           1.4           1.7            0.1         0.6         1.2         2.3
                              Net earnings available to common shareholders                             $     239.2 $      216.2 $        223.4 $       419.6 $       209.8 $       138.2 $     381.3 $     224.7
                              Reconciliation of non-IFRS financial measures ($ millions)
                              Adjusted net earnings available to common shareholders(2)                 $     244.1 $      220.4 $        224.5 $       204.9 $       220.5 $       211.4 $    206.3 $      219.4
                              Other items:
                               Gain on sale of IPC                                                                 –             –             –        220.7               –           –           –           –
                               Restructuring and other, net of tax ($27.1 million)                                 –             –             –              –             –       (76.2)          –           –
                               Gain on sale of Lifeco, net of tax (Q1 – $4.3 million)                              –             –             –              –             –        (6.2)      174.8           –
                               Lifeco IFRS 17 adjustment                                                           –             –             –              –             –        15.1           –           –
                               Lifeco other items                                                               (4.9)         (0.9)          (1.1)        (6.0)        (10.7)        (5.9)        0.2         5.3
                               Rockefeller debt refinancing                                                        –          (3.3)            –              –             –           –           –           –
                              Net earnings available to common shareholders                              $    239.2 $      216.2 $        223.4 $       419.6 $       209.8 $       138.2 $     381.3 $     224.7
                              Earnings per share ($)
                              Adjusted earnings per share(2)
                               – Basic                                                                  $       1.03 $       0.93 $        0.94 $        0.86 $         0.93 $       0.89 $      0.87 $      0.92
                               – Diluted                                                                        1.03         0.93          0.94          0.86           0.92         0.89        0.87        0.92
                              Earnings per share
                               – Basic                                                                          1.01         0.91          0.94           1.76          0.88         0.58        1.60        0.95




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                               – Diluted                                                                        1.01         0.91          0.94           1.76          0.88         0.58        1.60        0.94
                              Average outstanding shares – Diluted (thousands)                               236,931     237,397       238,112       238,156       238,550        238,631     238,424     237,958
                              Average AUM&A(3) ($ billions)
                               Investment fund AUM                                                      $     183.8 $      178.0 $        173.0 $       164.0 $       165.7 $       165.4 $    164.2 $      158.6
                               Total AUM                                                                      243.4        236.3          231.0         219.2         221.5         221.8      220.2        213.1
                               AUM&A                                                                          258.6        250.9          245.0         232.1         233.7        233.6        231.6      222.6
                              Ending AUM&A(3) ($ billions)
                               Investment fund AUM                                                      $     188.6 $       179.4 $       178.5 $       169.5 $       160.9 $       166.3 $     165.6 $     158.9
                               Total AUM                                                                      249.3         237.4         237.7         226.6         215.2         222.6      222.3        213.6
                               AUM&A                                                                          264.9        252.4          252.2         240.2         227.4         234.7       234.1      224.2
                              Ending AUM&A Including SI(3) ($ billions)                                 $     461.6 $       431.7 $       422.8 $       390.6 $       373.8 $       376.1 $     349.9 $    288.9
                              (1) Interest expense includes interest on long-term debt and leases.
                              (2) A non-IFRS financial measure – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures section of this document.
                              (3) As detailed in AUM&A definitions, AUM, AUA and AUM&A exclude IPC discontinued operations.

                                                                          Management's Discussion and Analysis | IGM Financial Inc. 2024 Third Quarter Report                                                        17
                              C  14                                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
    Wealth Management
    The Wealth Management segment includes IG Wealth                                         • Other financial planning revenues are fees related
    Management and strategic investments in Rockefeller and                                    to providing clients other financial products including
    Wealthsimple.                                                                              mortgages, insurance and banking products.

    The Wealth Management segment also included IPC in 2023,                                 • Proportionate share of associates’ earnings is the
    which was classified as discontinued operations and was sold in                            Company’s proportionate share of earnings from the
    the fourth quarter of 2023.                                                                segment’s equity investments.

                                                                                             Sub-advisory fees are paid between segments and to third
    Wealth Management revenue consists of:
                                                                                             parties for investment management services provided to our
    • Advisory fees are related to providing financial advice to
                                                                                             investment products. Wealth Management is considered a
      clients including fees related to the distribution of products
                                                                                             client of the Asset Management segment and transfer pricing is
      and depend largely on the level and composition of AUA.
                                                                                             based on values for similar sized asset management mandates.
    • Product and program fees are related to the management
      of investment products and include management,                                         Debt and interest expense is allocated to each IGM Financial
      administration and other related fees and depend largely                               segment based on management’s assessment of: i) capacity
      on the level and composition of assets under management.                               to service the debt, and ii) where the debt is being serviced.
                                                                                             Income taxes are also reported in each segment.




    Review of the Business
    IG Wealth Management, founded in 1926, is a leading wealth                               Investment Planning Counsel
    management company in Canada. Through a network of advisors
                                                                                             On November 30, 2023, IGM Financial completed the sale of
    located across the country, IG Wealth Management provides
                                                                                             100% of the common shares of IPC.
    clients with personalized advice, comprehensive financial
    planning, insurance and mortgage services and professionally                             The operating results of IPC included within the Wealth
    managed investment solutions.                                                            Management segment Table 10 – Operating Results – Wealth
                                                                                             Management have been classified as discontinued operations
    Rockefeller, founded in 2018, is a leading U.S. independent
                                                                                             and are shown as a separate line item for comparative periods
    financial services advisory firm focused on the high-net-worth
                                                                                             under review.
    and ultra-high-net-worth segments. Rockefeller’s goal is to be a
    premier advisory firm that redefines and elevates the financial
    services experience to empower individuals, families, institutions                       IG Wealth Management
    and corporations to realize their aspirations and achieve their
                                                                                             IG Wealth Management is one of the largest independent financial
    most important goals.
                                                                                             planning firms in Canada, with advisors in every community
    Wealthsimple, founded in 2014, is one of Canada’s fastest                                from coast to coast. We are driven by our mission to inspire
    growing financial services companies and provides simple digital                         financial confidence that can transform the lives of our clients




                                                                                                                                                                 PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
    tools for growing and managing your money. Wealthsimple’s                                and their families and we are deeply committed to improving
    mission is to help everyone achieve financial freedom.                                   financial literacy in the communities where we work and live.

                                                                                             Our exclusive network is comprised of 3,180 advisors. IG Wealth
    Rockefeller Capital Management                                                           Management clients are approximately one million individuals,
    On April 3, 2023, IGM Financial acquired a 20.5% equity interest                         families and business owners.
    in Rockefeller for cash consideration of $835 million (USD                               Canadians hold $6.7 trillion in discretionary financial assets
    $622 million).                                                                           with financial institutions at December 31, 2023, based on
                                                                                             the most recent report from Investor Economics, and we
                                                                                             view these savings as IG Wealth Management’s addressable




18 IGM Financial Inc. 2024 Third Quarter Report | Management's Discussion and Analysis
                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                            C  15
                              market. 77% of these savings are held by households with                             Financial Advice
                              over $1 million, which are referred to as high net worth, and
                                                                                                                   Our advisors focus on providing financial advice which is the
                              another 20% reside with households with between $100,000
                                                                                                                   value of all efforts that sit outside the investment portfolio
                              and $1 million, which are referred to as mass affluent. These
                                                                                                                   construction. This includes the value that an advisor adds to
                              segments tend to have more complicated financial needs, and
                                                                                                                   a client relationship and comes from the creation and follow
                              IG Wealth Management’s focus on providing comprehensive
                                                                                                                   through of a well-constructed financial plan.
                              financial planning solutions positions it well to compete and
                              grow in these segments.                                                              Advisors
                                                                                                                   IG Wealth Management has a national distribution network of
                              Strategy                                                                             more than 3,000 advisors in communities throughout Canada.
                              Our goal is to help Canadians achieve financial well-being                           Our advisory services are most suited to individuals with
                              through better planning as Canada’s top financial planning firm.                     complicated financial needs.

                              We strive to meet our strategic mandate by:                                          IG Wealth Management provides advice through two primary
                                                                                                                   channels:
                              1) Focusing on key mass affluent and high net worth segments
                                 by aligning our capabilities to industry wealth drivers.                          • IG Wealth Management entrepreneurial advisors are focused
                                                                                                                     on households with more complex needs by focusing on
                              2) Utilizing a segmented advice model to align our best-in-
                                                                                                                     households with greater than $250,000 of assets.
                                 class advice with Canadians’ financial planning needs and
                                 complexities.                                                                     • IG Wealth Management corporate channel advisors
                                                                                                                     are focused on servicing households with less complex
                              3) Leveraging leading innovation to enhance client experience
                                                                                                                     requirements with assets up to $250,000.
                                 and improve operational efficiencies.
                                                                                                                   Our entrepreneurial advisor network creates a competitive
                              IG Wealth Management has a client-centric strategy with
                                                                                                                   advantage and drives client engagement with a focus on
                              a focus on high net worth (HNW) and mass affluent client
                                                                                                                   comprehensive financial planning and product solutions. Our
                              segments, which we define as households with over $1 million
                                                                                                                   advantage is further enabled by hiring top quality advisors,
                              and between $100 thousand and $1 million, respectively.
                                                                                                                   increasing proficiency, improving technology, implementing a
                              IG Wealth Management is committed to increasing the financial                        client segmentation approach and enhancing a strong brand.
                              confidence of all Canadians by leveraging our people, expertise
                                                                                                                   AUA consists of the following:
                              and resources because we believe it will help create stronger
                              communities and a better future for all.                                             • Clients with household assets greater than $1 million
                                                                                                                     (defined as “high net worth”) which totalled $58.3 billion at
                              We believe that Canadians deserve a high standard of advice                            September 30, 2024, an increase of 43.4% from one year ago,
                              that takes into consideration all dimensions of their financial lives                  and represented 43% of total AUA.
                              with financial plans tailored to meet and adapt to their needs.
                                                                                                                   • Clients with household assets between $100 thousand
                              We focus on providing comprehensive financial advice and well-                         and $1 million (defined as “mass affluent”) which totalled
                              constructed investment solutions designed to deliver returns and                       $69.6 billion at September 30, 2024, an increase of 8.2% from
                              risks that take into account each client’s needs and requirements.                     one year ago, and represented 51% of total AUA.
                                                                                                                   • Clients with household assets less than $100 thousand
                              2024 Developments                                                                      (defined as “mass market”) which totalled $8.5 billion at
                                                                                                                     September 30, 2024, a decrease of 7.6% from one year ago,
                              In the third quarter, IG Wealth Management announced a new
                                                                                                                     and represented 6% of total AUA.
                              strategic partnership with ClearEstate, a leading Canadian fin-




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                              tech company that offers comprehensive and modern estate                             IG Wealth Management advisor practices are industry leaders
                              planning and settlement services tailored to each client’s                           in holding a credentialed financial planning designation. These
                              individual needs. Through the partnership, IG advisors can                           designations are nationally recognized financial planning
                              provide clients with access to ClearEstate’s intuitive, state-of-                    qualifications that require an individual to demonstrate
                              the‑art platform and teams of specialized professionals that                         financial planning competence through education, standardized
                              deliver an enhanced and personalized estate planning and                             examinations, continuing education requirements, and
                              settlement experience. To further strengthen the relationship,                       accountability to ethical standards.
                              IGM Financial has made an equity investment in ClearEstate.




                                                                   Management's Discussion and Analysis | IGM Financial Inc. 2024 Third Quarter Report                               19
                              C  16                                         P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
     The following provides a breakdown of the IG Wealth                                      planning across all elements of a client’s financial life. Clients
     Management advisor network into its significant components                               are served by our mutual fund licensed and securities licensed
     at September 30, 2024:                                                                   advisors and specialists.
     • 1,657 advisor practices (1,753 at September 30, 2023), which
                                                                                              Client Experiences
       reflect advisors with more than four years of experience.
       These practices may include associates as described                                    IG Wealth Management distinguishes itself from our competition
       below. The level and productivity of advisor practices is a                            by offering comprehensive planning to our clients that
       key measurement of our business as they serve clientele                                synchronize every aspect of their financial life. IG Wealth
       representing approximately 94% of AUM.                                                 Management serves approximately one million clients located in
                                                                                              communities throughout Canada. A primary focus is on advising
     • 249 new advisors (279 at September 30, 2023), which are
                                                                                              and attracting high net worth and mass affluent clients.
       those advisors with less than four years of experience.
     • 1,274 associates and regional vice-presidents (1,199 at                                For the distinct needs of the high net worth market, IG Private
       September 30, 2023). Associates are licensed team members                              Wealth Management focuses on industry wealth drivers
       of advisor practices who provide financial planning services                           including tax planning and optimization, retirement readiness,
       and advice to the clientele served by the team.                                        wealth transfer and estate planning, small and medium
     • IG Wealth Management had a total advisor network of 3,180                              enterprise monetization, high net worth financial literacy and
       (3,231 at September 30, 2023).                                                         philanthropy and legacy planning.

     IG Wealth Management uses advisor productivity as a key                                  IG Living Plan allows clients to collaborate with an IG Wealth
     performance measure in evaluating its advisor network. The                               Management advisor through an enhanced digital experience
     productivity is measured based on gross inflows per advisor                              to develop and track a financial plan which is unique to each
     and is monitored for both advisor recruits with less than                                client’s goals.
     four years experience and advisor practices with greater than                            IG Wealth Management has a full range of products that allow
     four years experience. Experienced recruits are included within                          us to provide a tailored IG Living Plan that evolves over time.
     the greater than four years experience category.                                         These products include:
     • The advisor recruit’s gross inflows were $0.7 million per                              • Powerful financial solutions that include investment
       advisor compared to $0.6 million in the comparative period                               vehicles, focusing on managed solutions, that match risk
       of 2023.                                                                                 and investment performance to each client’s needs and
     • The advisor practice gross inflows were $1.8 million per                                 requirements.
       practice compared to $1.6 million in the comparative period                            • Insurance products that include a variety of policy types
       of 2023.                                                                                 from the leading insurers in Canada.
     Key initiatives that impact advisor productivity are:                                    • Mortgage banking solutions that are offered as part of a
     • Tightened recruiting standards that increased the likelihood                               comprehensive financial plan.
       of success while also enhancing our culture and brand.                                 The Charitable Giving Program is a donor-advised giving
     • Corporate advice channel that provides consistent service                              program which enables Canadians to make donations and
       levels to clients with less complex needs and creates capacity                         build an enduring charitable giving legacy with considerably
       for advisors.                                                                          less expense and complexity than setting up and administering
     • Product and pricing enhancements with a focus on the high                              their own private foundation.
       net worth and mass affluent segments.
                                                                                              The IG Advisory Account (IGAA) is a fee-based account that
     • Continued technology enhancements such as the Advisor                                  improves client experience by offering the ability to simplify
       Desktop powered by Salesforce.




                                                                                                                                                                    PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                                                                              and consolidate selected investments into a single account
     • IG Living Plan™ and other client experience enhancements.                              while providing all our clients with a transparent advisory fee.
     • Digital application to deliver tailored client investment                              IGAA increases fee transparency and can hold most securities
       proposals (powered by CapIntel).                                                       and investment products available in the marketplace to
                                                                                              individual investors.
     We also support advisors and clients through our network
     of product and planning specialists, who assist in the areas
     of advanced financial planning, insurance, and securities. As                            Financial Solutions
     part of the strategic mortgage partnership, nesto Inc. provides                          IG Wealth Management strives to achieve expected
     mortgage planning assistance to clients. These specialists                               investment returns for the lowest possible risk focusing on
     help to ensure that we are providing comprehensive financial                             managed solutions that create value for clients through active




20 IGM Financial Inc. 2024 Third Quarter Report | Management's Discussion and Analysis
                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                              C  17
                              management. To do this, we select and engage high-quality                               with investments held at IG Wealth Management in excess
                              sub‑advisors so our clients have access to a diverse range of                           of $250,000. iProfile Private Discretionary Portfolios have
                              investment products and solutions. Each asset manager is                                been designed to deliver strong risk-adjusted returns by
                              selected through a proven and rigorous process. We oversee                              diversifying across asset classes, management styles and
                              all sub‑advisors to ensure that their activities are consistent                         geographic regions. The portfolios include discretionary
                              with their investment philosophies and with the investment                              model portfolios and iProfile Private Pools to support the
                              objectives and strategies of the products they advise.                                  models: four iProfile Active Allocation Private Pools, iProfile
                                                                                                                      Alternatives Private Pool with mandates including global
                              Our investment solutions leverage top global asset manager
                                                                                                                      macro and global equity hedge strategies, iProfile ETF Private
                              relationships including Mackenzie Investments and other world
                                                                                                                      Pool providing exposure through exchange traded funds
                              class investment firms such as Fidelity Investments Canada,
                                                                                                                      (ETF) and iProfile Low Volatility Private Pool with Canadian,
                              T. Rowe Price (Canada), Sagard Credit Partners, Portage, Beutel
                                                                                                                      U.S., International and Emerging Market geographic coverage,
                              Goodman & Company, PanAgora Asset Management, PIMCO
                                                                                                                      Emerging Markets Private Pool, Fixed Income Private Pool,
                              Canada Corp., Northleaf Capital Partners (Canada), BristolGate
                                                                                                                      Canadian Equity Private Pool, U.S. Equity Private Pool and
                              Capital Partners, Aristotle Capital Boston, Putnam Investments
                                                                                                                      International Equity Private Pool.
                              Canada, Franklin Templeton Investment Management,
                              Wellington Management Canada, Rockefeller & Co., JPMorgan                           • A deep and broad selection of mutual funds, diversified by
                              Asset Management (Canada), BlackRock Asset Management                                 manager, asset category, investment style, geography, market
                              Canada, ClearBridge Investments, 1832 Asset Management                                capitalization and sector.

                              (Dynamic), American Century Investment Management,                                  • Segregated funds that provide for long‑term investment
                              Manulife Investment Management (US) LLC, Manulife                                     growth potential combined with risk management, benefit
                              Investment Management (Hong Kong), and ChinaAMC.                                      guarantee features and estate planning efficiencies.
                                                                                                                  • Separately managed accounts (discretionary dealer-managed
                              We provide clients with an extensive suite of well-constructed
                                                                                                                    accounts).
                              and competitively priced financial solutions that incorporate
                              public and private market investments as well as alternative                        We have incorporated investments in private assets into the
                              investment strategies. We regularly enhance the scope and                           iProfile Fixed Income Private Pool, iProfile Canadian Equity
                              diversity of our investment offering with new funds and                             Private Pool, and iProfile U.S. Equity Private Pool through
                              product changes that enable clients to achieve their goals.                         commitments to investments managed by Northleaf, BlackRock,
                              We believe that well-constructed managed solutions provide                          PIMCO and Sagard.
                              advisors with the best opportunity to focus on providing
                                                                                                                  IG Wealth Management monitors its investment performance
                              financial advice to their clients.
                                                                                                                  by comparing to certain benchmarks. Morningstar † fund
                              We provide portfolio construction with investment solutions that                    ranking service is one of the rankings monitored when
                              include public markets, private markets, and alternative strategies.                determining fund performance.

                              Our investment solutions include:                                                   At September 30, 2024, 93.9% of IG Wealth Management
                              • Wealth Portfolios are a suite of professionally managed                           mutual fund assets had a rating of three stars or better from
                                portfolio solutions that employ leading global asset                              Morningstar † fund ranking service and 69.1% had a rating of
                                managers and offer extensive diversification, including                           four or five stars. This compared to the Morningstar † universe
                                access to difficult-to-reach asset classes like real property                     of 87.2% for three stars or better and 54.7% for four and five
                                and alternatives. These fund‑on‑fund solutions provide                            star funds at September 30, 2024. Morningstar Ratings† are an
                                options to amplify specific outcomes, such as lower volatility,                   objective, quantitative measure of a fund’s three, five and ten
                                higher income, or higher potential capital growth.                                year risk-adjusted performance relative to comparable funds.




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                              • iProfile™ Portfolios provide the same investment expertise
                                and approach to building portfolios that are typically                            Other Products and Services
                                reserved for only the largest investors. The portfolios                           Segregated Funds
                                include a variety of sophisticated investment strategies,
                                                                                                                  IG Wealth Management offers segregated funds which include
                                such as alternative assets and private markets, that are
                                                                                                                  the IG Series of Guaranteed Investment Funds (GIFs). Select
                                out of reach for individual investors. The portfolios offer
                                                                                                                  GIF policies allow for a Lifetime Income Benefit (LIB) option to
                                wide diversification, across a variety of asset classes to help
                                                                                                                  provide guaranteed retirement income for life. The investment
                                minimize risk and maximize returns.
                                                                                                                  components of these segregated funds are managed by IG Wealth
                              • iProfile™ Private Discretionary Portfolios are model portfolios                   Management. At September 30, 2024, total segregated fund
                                comprised of iProfile Private Pools, available for households                     assets were $1.2 billion, unchanged from September 30, 2023.




                                                                   Management's Discussion and Analysis | IGM Financial Inc. 2024 Third Quarter Report                                  21
                              C  18                                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
     Insurance                                                                                 IG Wealth Management’s AUA were $136.4 billion at
     IG Wealth Management distributes life insurance in Canada                                 September 30, 2024, an increase of 19.4% from September 30,
     through its arrangements with leading insurance companies, and                            2023. The level of AUA is influenced by three factors: client
     offers a broad range of term, universal life, whole life, disability,                     inflows, client outflows and investment returns. AUA represents
     critical illness, long‑term care, personal health care coverage and                       savings and investment products, including AUM where we
     group insurance.                                                                          provide investment management services, that are held within
                                                                                               our clients’ accounts. Advisory fees are charged based on
     At September 30, 2024, total in-force policies were approximately
                                                                                               an annual percentage of substantially all AUA, through the
     372 thousand with an insured value of $106 billion, compared to
                                                                                               IG Advisory Account fee, and represent the majority of the
     approximately 374 thousand with an insured value of $104 billion
                                                                                               fees earned from our clients. Our entrepreneurial advisors’
     at September 30, 2023. Distribution of insurance products is
                                                                                               compensation is also based on AUA and net assets contributed
     enhanced through IG Wealth Management’s Insurance Planning
                                                                                               by our clients.
     Specialists, located throughout Canada, who assist advisors with
     advanced estate planning solutions for high net worth clients.                            At September 30, 2024, Rockefeller’s client assets were USD
                                                                                               $148.9 billion ($201.4 billion) compared to USD $111.6 billion
     Securities Operations                                                                     ($151.5 billion) at September 30, 2023, an increase of 33.4%
     Investors Group Securities Inc. is an investment dealer                                   (CAD 32.9%). IGM Financial holds a 20.5% interest in Rockefeller.
     registered in all Canadian provinces and territories providing
                                                                                               At September 30, 2024, Wealthsimple’s AUA was $52.1 billion
     clients with securities services to complement their financial
                                                                                               compared to $24.9 billion at September 30, 2023, an increase of
     and investment planning. IG Wealth Management advisors can
                                                                                               109.2%. IGM Financial holds a 27.3% interest in Wealthsimple at
     refer clients to one of our Wealth Specialists available through
                                                                                               September 30, 2024, compared to 28.3% at September 30, 2023.
     Investors Group Securities Inc.

     Mortgage Banking Operations                                                               IG Wealth Management AUM and AUA
     Mortgages are offered to clients by IG Wealth Management.                                 Change in AUM & AUA – 2024 vs. 2023
     Licensed mortgage brokers are located throughout each                                     IG Wealth Management’s AUA were $136.4 billion at
     province in Canada, and work with our clients and their                                   September 30, 2024, an increase of 19.4% from $114.2 billion
     advisors to develop mortgage and lending strategies that meet                             at September 30, 2023. IG Wealth Management’s mutual fund
     the individual needs and goals of each client as part of their                            AUM were $120.8 billion at September 30, 2024, representing
     comprehensive financial plan.                                                             an increase of 18.5% from $101.9 billion at September 30, 2023.
                                                                                               Average daily mutual fund assets were $117.7 billion in the third
     Mortgage fundings offered through IG Wealth Management for
                                                                                               quarter of 2024, up 12.3% from $104.7 billion in the third quarter
     the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 were
                                                                                               of 2023. Average daily mutual fund assets were $113.7 billion for
     $278 million and $648 million compared to $283 million and
                                                                                               the nine months ended September 30, 2024, an increase of 9.3%
     $595 million in 2023, a decrease of 1.8% and an increase of
                                                                                               from $104.1 billion in 2023.
     8.9%, respectively. At September 30, 2024, mortgages serviced
     totalled $6.7 billion, compared to $6.8 billion at September 30,                          At September 30, 2024, $100.3 billion, or 84% of IG Wealth
     2023, a decrease of 1.9%.                                                                 Management’s mutual fund AUM, were in products with
                                                                                               unbundled fee structures, up 22.7% from $81.7 billion at
     Private Company Advisory
                                                                                               September 30, 2023 which represented 81% of AUM.
     Private Company Advisory is a comprehensive service to business
     owners in the small to midsize segment that provides advice on                            For the quarter ended September 30, 2024, gross client inflows
     debt and equity financing, business valuation and succession.                             of IG Wealth Management AUA were $3.4 billion, compared
                                                                                               to $3.1 billion in 2023. For the quarter ended September 30,




                                                                                                                                                                    PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                                                                               2024, gross inflows from newly acquired clients with more than
     Wealth Management AUM and AUA                                                             $1.0 million of assets accounted for 32.4% of all newly acquired
     AUM and AUA are key performance indicators for the Wealth                                 client inflows. Net client inflows were $330 million compared
     Management segment and are detailed in Tables 8 and 9.                                    to net client outflows of $17 million in the comparable period
                                                                                               in 2023. During the third quarter, investment returns resulted
     Wealth Management AUA including strategic investments
                                                                                               in an increase of $6.4 billion in AUA compared to a decrease of
     were $191.8 billion at September 30, 2024, compared to
                                                                                               $2.6 billion in the third quarter of 2023.
     $152.2 billion at September 30, 2023. Strategic investments
     AUA is based on the Company’s direct and indirect ownership                               For the quarter ended September 30, 2024, sales of IG Wealth
     interest in these companies.                                                              Management mutual funds through its advisor network were




22 IGM Financial Inc. 2024 Third Quarter Report | Management's Discussion and Analysis
                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                             C  19
                              Table 8: Change in AUA – Wealth Management

                                                                                                                                                                                                  Change
                              Three months ended                                                                                     2024              2024              2023            2024       2023
                              ($ millions)                                                                                         Sep. 30           Jun. 30           Sep. 30         Jun. 30    Sep. 30

                              Change in AUA – IG Wealth Management
                               Gross client inflows                                                                           $     3,432       $     3,565      $      3,103            (3.7)%     10.6 %
                               Gross client outflows                                                                                3,102             3,738             3,120            (17.0)      (0.6)
                               Net flows                                                                                              330               (173)              (17)          N/M        N/M
                               Investment returns                                                                                   6,362             1,868            (2,593)           N/M        N/M
                               Net change in assets                                                                                 6,692             1,695            (2,610)           N/M        N/M
                               Beginning assets                                                                                   129,716           128,021          116,814              1.3       11.0
                               Ending AUA                                                                                     $ 136,408         $ 129,716        $ 114,204                5.2 %     19.4 %
                              Strategic investments ending AUA
                               Rockefeller                                                                                    $    41,192       $    39,195      $    30,991              5.1 %     32.9 %
                               Wealthsimple                                                                                        14,234           12,354              7,052            15.2      101.8
                               Intra‑segment eliminations                                                                                (7)              (7)               (4)              –     (75.0)
                                                                                                                              $    55,419       $    51,542      $    38,039              7.5 %     45.7 %
                              Consolidated ending AUA including strategic investments(1)                                      $ 191,827         $ 181,258        $ 152,243                5.8 %     26.0 %
                              Daily average AUA
                               IG Wealth Management                                                                           $ 132,913         $ 128,146        $ 116,921                3.7 %     13.7 %

                              Nine months ended                                                                                                                         2024             2023
                              ($ millions)                                                                                                                            Sep. 30          Sep. 30    Change

                              Change in AUA – IG Wealth Management
                               IG gross client inflows                                                                                                           $    10,696      $     9,561       11.9 %
                               IG gross client outflows(2)                                                                                                            10,493            9,498       10.5
                               Net flows                                                                                                                                  203              63       N/M
                               Investment returns                                                                                                                     14,982            3,325       N/M
                               Net change in assets                                                                                                                   15,185           3,388        N/M
                               Beginning assets                                                                                                                      121,223          110,816        9.4
                               Ending AUA                                                                                                                        $ 136,408        $ 114,204         19.4 %
                              Daily average AUA
                               IG Wealth Management                                                                                                              $ 128,361        $ 115,884         10.8 %
                              (1) 2023 excludes discontinued operations of IPC of $25.9 billion in Q3.
                              (2) In Q1 2024, the IG Wealth Management pension plan redeemed $177 million from IG Wealth Management mutual funds that was re-allocated into a separately managed
                                  account managed by Mackenzie.




                              $3.3 billion, an increase of 22.9% from the comparable period in                           Funds Institute of Canada (IFIC) was approximately 16.0% at
                              2023. Mutual fund redemptions totalled $3.0 billion, a decrease                            September 30, 2024.
                              of 3.8% from 2023. IG Wealth Management mutual fund net
                                                                                                                         In June 2024, IG Wealth Management experienced heightened
                              sales for the third quarter of 2024 were $313 million compared
                                                                                                                         investment fund gross sales, redemptions and heightened positive
                              to net redemptions of $420 million in 2023. During the third
                                                                                                                         other net flows due to clients strategically triggering capital gains
                              quarter, investment returns resulted in an increase of $5.8 billion
                                                                                                                         in advance of changes to Canada’s capital gains tax policy.




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                              in mutual fund assets compared to a decrease of $2.4 billion in
                              the third quarter of 2023.                                                                 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, gross client
                                                                                                                         inflows of IG Wealth Management AUA were $10.7 billion
                              IG Wealth Management’s annualized quarterly redemption
                                                                                                                         and represented an increase of 11.9% from $9.6 billion in
                              rate for long-term funds was 9.4% in the third quarter of 2024,
                                                                                                                         the comparable period in 2023. For the nine months ended
                              compared to 11.4% in the third quarter of 2023. IG Wealth
                                                                                                                         September 30, 2024, gross inflows from newly acquired clients
                              Management’s twelve month trailing redemption rate for long-
                                                                                                                         with more than $1.0 million of assets accounted for 30.8% of all
                              term funds was 13.3% at September 30, 2024, compared to
                                                                                                                         newly acquired client inflows. Net client inflows were $203 million
                              11.6% at September 30, 2023. The corresponding average
                                                                                                                         in the nine month period, compared to net client inflows of
                              redemption rate for all other members of the Investment
                                                                                                                         $63 million in the comparable period in 2023. During 2024,




                                                                        Management's Discussion and Analysis | IGM Financial Inc. 2024 Third Quarter Report                                                  23
                              C  20                                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
     Table 9: Change in AUM – IG Wealth Management

                                                                                                                                                                              Change
     Three months ended                                                                                         2024              2024                2023           2024       2023
     ($ millions)                                                                                             Sep. 30           Jun. 30             Sep. 30        Jun. 30    Sep. 30

     Sales(1)                                                                                            $     3,301       $     4,214     $         2,687          (21.7)%     22.9 %
     Redemptions(1)                                                                                            2,988             4,826               3,107          (38.1)      (3.8)
     Net sales (redemptions)                                                                                      313              (612)              (420)         N/M         N/M
     Investment returns                                                                                        5,820             1,701              (2,396)         N/M         N/M
     Net change in assets                                                                                      6,133             1,089              (2,816)         N/M         N/M
     Beginning assets                                                                                        114,655           113,566             104,761            1.0        9.4
     Ending assets                                                                                       $ 120,788         $ 114,655       $ 101,945                  5.3 %     18.5 %
     Daily average AUM                                                                                   $ 117,656         $ 113,494       $ 104,726                  3.7 %     12.3 %

     Nine months ended                                                                                                                                 2024           2023
     ($ millions)                                                                                                                                    Sep. 30        Sep. 30   Change

     Sales(1)                                                                                                                                  $     11,312    $     8,289      36.5 %
     Redemptions(1)(2)                                                                                                                               11,926          9,491      25.7
     Net sales (redemptions)                                                                                                                           (614)        (1,202)     48.9
     Investment returns                                                                                                                              13,767          3,872      N/M
     Net change in assets                                                                                                                            13,153          2,670      N/M
     Beginning assets                                                                                                                               107,635        99,275        8.4
     Ending assets                                                                                                                             $ 120,788       $ 101,945        18.5 %
     Daily average AUM                                                                                                                         $ 113,732       $ 104,095         9.3 %
     (1) In Q2 2024, IG Wealth Management experienced heightened investment fund gross sales, redemptions and heightened positive other net flows due to clients strategically
         triggering capital gains in advance of changes to Canada’s capital gains tax policy.
     (2) In Q1 2024, the IG Wealth Management pension plan redeemed $177 million from IG Wealth Management mutual funds that was re-allocated into a separately managed
         account managed by Mackenzie.




     investment returns resulted in an increase of $15.0 billion in AUA                             $114.7 billion at June 30, 2024. Average daily mutual fund assets
     compared to an increase of $3.3 billion in 2023.                                               were $117.7 billion in the third quarter of 2024 compared to
                                                                                                    $113.5 billion in the second quarter of 2024, an increase of 3.7%.
     For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, sales of IG
     Wealth Management mutual funds through its advisor network                                     For the quarter ended September 30, 2024, gross client inflows
     were $11.3 billion, an increase of 36.5% from 2023. Mutual fund                                of IG Wealth Management AUA were $3.4 billion, compared
     redemptions totalled $11.9 billion, an increase of 25.7% from                                  to $3.6 billion in the prior quarter. Net client inflows were
     2023. Net redemptions of IG Wealth Management mutual funds                                     $330 million compared to net client outflows of $173 million in
     were $614 million compared to net redemptions of $1.2 billion in                               the prior quarter. During the third quarter, investment returns
     2023. During 2024, investment returns resulted in an increase of                               resulted in an increase of $6.4 billion in AUA compared to an
     $13.8 billion in mutual fund assets compared to an increase of                                 increase of $1.9 billion in the prior quarter.
     $3.9 billion in 2023.
                                                                                                    For the quarter ended September 30, 2024, sales of IG Wealth
     In January 2024, the IG Wealth Management pension plan                                         Management mutual funds through its advisor network were
     redeemed $177 million from IG Wealth Management mutual                                         $3.3 billion, a decrease of 21.7% from the second quarter of
     funds that was re-allocated into a separately managed account                                  2024. Mutual fund redemptions totalled $3.0 billion for the




                                                                                                                                                                                          PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
     managed by Mackenzie Investments. Excluding this activity, net                                 third quarter, a decrease of 38.1% from the previous quarter,
     client inflows and net redemptions for the nine month period of                                and the annualized quarterly redemption rate was 9.4% in the
     2024 were $380 million and $437 million, respectively.                                         third quarter compared to 16.3% in the second quarter of 2024.
                                                                                                    The decrease in IG Wealth Management’s redemption rate was
     Change in AUM & AUA – Q3 2024 vs. Q2 2024                                                      due in part to the change to Canada’s capital gains tax policy
     IG Wealth Management’s AUA were $136.4 billion at                                              which resulted in higher redemptions in the previous quarter. IG
     September 30, 2024, an increase of 5.2% from $129.7 billion at                                 Wealth Management mutual fund net sales were $313 million for
     June 30, 2024. IG Wealth Management’s mutual fund AUM were                                     the current quarter compared to net redemptions of $612 million
     $120.8 billion at September 30, 2024, an increase of 5.3% from                                 in the previous quarter.




24 IGM Financial Inc. 2024 Third Quarter Report | Management's Discussion and Analysis
                                         P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                              C  21
                              Review of Segment Operating Results
                              The Wealth Management segment’s adjusted net earnings are                                    IG Wealth Management
                              presented in Table 10 and include the operations of IG Wealth
                                                                                                                           IG Wealth Management’s adjusted net earnings are presented
                              Management, earnings related to strategic investments and IPC.
                                                                                                                           within Table 11. Adjusted net earnings for the third quarter of
                              As a result of the sale of IPC completed on November 30,                                     2024 were $125.5 million, an increase of 10.8% from the third
                              2023, the operating results of IPC included within the Wealth                                quarter in 2023 and an increase of 12.4% from the prior quarter.
                              Management segment were classified as discontinued                                           Adjusted net earnings for the nine months ended September 30,
                              operations and are shown as a separate line item in Table 10 for                             2024 were $354.4 million, an increase of 7.2% from 2023.
                              all periods under review.
                                                                                                                           Adjusted earnings before interest and taxes for the third
                                                                                                                           quarter of 2024 were $196.9 million, an increase of 9.1%
                                                                                                                           from the third quarter in 2023 and an increase of 11.1% from
                                                                                                                           the prior quarter. Adjusted earnings before interest and


                              Table 10: Operating Results – Wealth Management

                                                                                                                                                                                                    Change
                              Three months ended                                                                                               2024            2024            2023        2024       2023
                              ($ millions)                                                                                                   Sep. 30         Jun. 30         Sep. 30     Jun. 30    Sep. 30

                              Revenues
                               Wealth Management
                                 Advisory fees                                                                                           $    328.6      $   315.3       $   300.9          4.2 %      9.2 %
                                 Product and program fees                                                                                     253.5          242.3           225.5          4.6       12.4
                                                                                                                                              582.1           557.6           526.4         4.4       10.6
                                 Redemption fees                                                                                                   –               –               0.1        –     (100.0)
                                 Other financial planning revenues                                                                             36.4            34.7               38.3      4.9        (5.0)
                               Total Wealth Management                                                                                        618.5          592.3           564.8          4.4        9.5
                               Net investment income and other                                                                                  1.1              2.7               2.2    (59.3)     (50.0)
                               Proportionate share of associates’ earnings                                                                     (0.2)            (2.4)              0.7     91.7       N/M
                                                                                                                                              619.4          592.6            567.7         4.5         9.1
                              Expenses
                               Advisory and business development
                                 Asset-based compensation                                                                                     169.5           161.2           148.0         5.1       14.5
                                 Sales‑based compensation                                                                                      26.5            25.7               23.6      3.1       12.3
                                 Other
                                  Other product commissions                                                                                    19.7            20.0               17.2     (1.5)      14.5
                                  Business development                                                                                         42.8            50.2               45.5    (14.7)       (5.9)
                                                                                                                                               62.5            70.2               62.7    (11.0)       (0.3)
                               Total advisory and business development                                                                        258.5           257.1          234.3          0.5       10.3
                               Operations and support                                                                                         115.3           114.3           108.8         0.9        6.0
                               Sub-advisory                                                                                                    49.1            46.5               43.8      5.6       12.1
                                                                                                                                              422.9           417.9          386.9          1.2        9.3
                              Adjusted earnings before interest and taxes(1)                                                                  196.5           174.7           180.8        12.5        8.7




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                              Interest expense                                                                                                 25.8            25.7               25.9      0.4        (0.4)
                              Adjusted earnings before income taxes(1)                                                                        170.7          149.0            154.9        14.6       10.2
                              Income taxes                                                                                                     45.8            40.3               41.2     13.6       11.2
                              Adjusted net earnings – continuing operations(1)                                                                124.9          108.7            113.7        14.9        9.9
                              Net earnings – discontinued operations(2)                                                                            –               –               4.5        –     (100.0)
                              Adjusted net earnings(1)                                                                                        124.9          108.7            118.2        14.9        5.7
                              Non‑controlling interest                                                                                             –               –                –         –           –
                              Adjusted net earnings available to common shareholders(1)                                                  $    124.9      $   108.7       $    118.2        14.9 %      5.7 %

                              (1) A non-IFRS financial measure – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures section of this document.
                              (2) IPC segment operating results.




                                                                         Management's Discussion and Analysis | IGM Financial Inc. 2024 Third Quarter Report                                                   25
                              C  22                                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
     Table 10: Operating Results – Wealth Management (continued)

     Nine months ended                                                                                                                       2024           2023
     ($ millions)                                                                                                                          Sep. 30        Sep. 30    Change

     Revenues
      Wealth Management
        Advisory fees                                                                                                                  $    953.0     $    887.2        7.4 %
        Product and program fees                                                                                                            730.0          666.5        9.5
                                                                                                                                           1,683.0        1,553.7       8.3
        Redemption fees                                                                                                                          –            1.0    (100.0)
        Other financial planning revenues                                                                                                   112.3           99.8       12.5
      Total Wealth Management                                                                                                              1,795.3        1,654.5       8.5
      Net investment income and other                                                                                                          9.1            9.6      (5.2)
      Proportionate share of associates’ earnings                                                                                             (7.7)          (2.5)   (208.0)
                                                                                                                                           1,796.7        1,661.6       8.1
     Expenses
      Advisory and business development
        Asset-based compensation                                                                                                            487.4          438.8       11.1
        Sales‑based compensation                                                                                                             77.3            67.5      14.5
        Other
         Other product commissions                                                                                                           59.1           48.0       23.1
         Business development                                                                                                               136.0          136.0          –
                                                                                                                                            195.1          184.0        6.0
      Total advisory and business development                                                                                               759.8          690.3       10.1
      Operations and support                                                                                                                344.6          322.6        6.8
      Sub-advisory                                                                                                                          140.9          129.4        8.9
                                                                                                                                           1,245.3        1,142.3       9.0
     Adjusted earnings before interest and taxes(1)                                                                                         551.4          519.3        6.2
     Interest expense                                                                                                                        77.3           72.2        7.1
     Adjusted earnings before income taxes(1)                                                                                               474.1          447.1        6.0
     Income taxes                                                                                                                           129.3           119.5       8.2
     Adjusted net earnings – continuing operations(1)                                                                                       344.8          327.6        5.3
     Net earnings – discontinued operations(2)                                                                                                   –           11.5    (100.0)
     Adjusted net earnings(1)                                                                                                               344.8          339.1        1.7
     Non‑controlling interest                                                                                                                    –            0.2    (100.0)
     Adjusted net earnings available to common shareholders(1)                                                                         $    344.8     $    338.9        1.7 %

     (1) A non-IFRS financial measure – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures section of this document.
     (2) IPC segment operating results.




     taxes for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 were                                        The increase in advisory fees in the three months ending
     $559.8 million, an increase of 7.1% from 2023.                                                 September 30, 2024 was primarily due to the increase in
                                                                                                    average AUA of 13.7%, as shown in Table 8, partially offset by a
     2024 VS. 2023                                                                                  decrease in the advisory fee rate. The increase in advisory fees




                                                                                                                                                                                PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                                                                                    in the nine months ending September 30, 2024 was primarily
     Fee Income                                                                                     due to the increase in average AUA of 10.8% partially offset by
     Advisory fees include fees for providing financial advice to                                   a decrease in the advisory fee rate. The average advisory fee
     clients including fees related to the distribution of products,                                rate for the third quarter was 98.4 basis points of average AUA
     and depend largely on the level and composition of AUA.                                        compared to 102.1 basis points in 2023. The average advisory
     Advisory fees were $328.6 million in the third quarter of 2024,                                fee rate for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, was
     an increase of $27.7 million or 9.2% from $300.9 million in 2023.                              99.2 basis points of average AUA, compared to 102.4 basis
     For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, advisory fees                                    points in 2023. Fee rates are determined based on client AUA
     were $953.0 million, an increase of $65.8 million or 7.4% from                                 levels and the average rate will fluctuate based on changes in a
     $887.2 million in 2023.                                                                        client’s AUA as well as product mix.




26 IGM Financial Inc. 2024 Third Quarter Report | Management's Discussion and Analysis
                                         P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                    C  23
                              Table 11: Operating Results – IG Wealth Management

                                                                                                                                                                                                    Change
                              Three months ended                                                                                               2024            2024            2023        2024       2023
                              ($ millions)                                                                                                   Sep. 30         Jun. 30         Sep. 30     Jun. 30    Sep. 30

                              Revenues
                               Wealth Management
                                 Advisory fees                                                                                           $    328.6      $   315.3       $   300.9          4.2 %      9.2 %
                                 Product and program fees                                                                                     253.5          242.3           225.5          4.6       12.4
                                                                                                                                              582.1           557.6           526.4         4.4       10.6
                                 Redemption fees                                                                                                   –               –               0.1        –     (100.0)
                                 Other financial planning revenues                                                                             36.4            34.7               38.3      4.9        (5.0)
                               Total Wealth Management                                                                                        618.5          592.3           564.8          4.4        9.5
                               Net investment income and other                                                                                  1.1              2.7               2.2    (59.3)     (50.0)
                                                                                                                                              619.6          595.0            567.0         4.1        9.3
                              Expenses
                               Advisory and business development
                                 Asset-based compensation                                                                                     169.5           161.2           148.0         5.1       14.5
                                 Sales‑based compensation                                                                                      26.5            25.7               23.6      3.1       12.3
                                 Other
                                  Other product commissions                                                                                    19.7            20.0               17.2     (1.5)      14.5
                                  Business development                                                                                         42.8            50.2               45.5    (14.7)       (5.9)
                                                                                                                                               62.5            70.2               62.7    (11.0)       (0.3)
                               Total advisory and business development                                                                        258.5           257.1          234.3          0.5       10.3
                               Operations and support                                                                                         115.1           114.1           108.4         0.9        6.2
                               Sub-advisory                                                                                                    49.1            46.5               43.8      5.6       12.1
                                                                                                                                              422.7           417.7          386.5          1.2        9.4
                              Adjusted earnings before interest and taxes    (1)
                                                                                                                                              196.9           177.3           180.5        11.1        9.1
                              Interest expense                                                                                                 25.8            25.7               25.9      0.4        (0.4)
                              Adjusted earnings before income taxes(1)                                                                        171.1           151.6           154.6        12.9       10.7
                              Income taxes                                                                                                     45.6            39.9               41.3     14.3       10.4
                              Adjusted net earnings(1)                                                                                   $    125.5      $    111.7      $    113.3        12.4 %     10.8 %

                              (1) A non-IFRS financial measure – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures section of this document.




                              Product and program fees depend largely on the level and                                     Other financial planning revenues of $36.4 million for the third
                              composition of mutual fund AUM. Product and program                                          quarter of 2024 decreased by $1.9 million from $38.3 million
                              fees totalled $253.5 million in the current quarter, up 12.4%                                in 2023. For the nine month period, other financial planning
                              from $225.5 million a year ago primarily due to the increase                                 revenues of $112.3 million increased by $12.5 million from
                              in average AUM of 12.3%, as shown in Table 9. Product and                                    $99.8 million in 2023. The change for the three months was
                              program fees were $730.0 million for the nine month period                                   due to an earnings decline in the mortgage banking operations
                              ended September 30, 2024 compared to $666.5 million in 2023,                                 and lower revenues from the distribution of banking products
                              an increase of 9.5% primarily due to an increase in average                                  partially offset by higher revenues from the distribution of




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                              AUM of 9.3%. The average product and program fee rate for the                                insurance products. The lower earnings in the mortgage
                              three and nine month periods ending September 30, 2024 was                                   banking operations was due to negative fair value adjustments.
                              85.5 and 85.6 basis points of AUM, respectively, compared to                                 The change for the nine months was due to higher earnings
                              85.7 and 85.8 basis points for the comparable periods in 2023.                               from the mortgage banking operations and higher revenues
                                                                                                                           from the distribution of insurance products partially offset
                              Other financial planning revenues are primarily earned from:
                                                                                                                           by lower revenues from the distribution of banking products.
                              • Mortgage banking operations
                                                                                                                           The higher earnings in the mortgage banking operations was
                              • Distribution of insurance products through I.G. Insurance                                  due to higher interest income on mortgages held prior to
                                Services Inc.                                                                              securitization partially offset by the increase in negative fair
                              • Securities trading services provided through Investors Group                               value adjustments.
                                Securities Inc.




                                                                         Management's Discussion and Analysis | IGM Financial Inc. 2024 Third Quarter Report                                                   27
                              C  24                                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
     Table 11: Operating Results – IG Wealth Management (continued)

     Nine months ended                                                                                                                       2024          2023
     ($ millions)                                                                                                                          Sep. 30       Sep. 30   Change

     Revenues
      Wealth Management
        Advisory fees                                                                                                                  $    953.0    $    887.2       7.4 %
        Product and program fees                                                                                                            730.0         666.5       9.5
                                                                                                                                           1,683.0       1,553.7      8.3
        Redemption fees                                                                                                                         –            1.0   (100.0)
        Other financial planning revenues                                                                                                   112.3          99.8      12.5
      Total Wealth Management                                                                                                              1,795.3       1,654.5      8.5
      Net investment income and other                                                                                                          9.1           9.6     (5.2)
                                                                                                                                           1,804.4       1,664.1      8.4
     Expenses
      Advisory and business development
        Asset-based compensation                                                                                                            487.4         438.8      11.1
        Sales‑based compensation                                                                                                             77.3           67.5     14.5
        Other
         Other product commissions                                                                                                           59.1          48.0      23.1
         Business development                                                                                                               136.0         136.0         –
                                                                                                                                            195.1         184.0       6.0
      Total advisory and business development                                                                                               759.8         690.3      10.1
      Operations and support                                                                                                                343.9         321.8       6.9
      Sub-advisory                                                                                                                          140.9         129.4       8.9
                                                                                                                                           1,244.6       1,141.5      9.0
     Adjusted earnings before interest and taxes(1)                                                                                         559.8         522.6       7.1
     Interest expense                                                                                                                        77.3          72.2       7.1
     Adjusted earnings before income taxes(1)                                                                                               482.5         450.4       7.1
     Income taxes                                                                                                                           128.1          119.7      7.0
     Adjusted net earnings(1)                                                                                                          $    354.4    $    330.7       7.2 %

     (1) A non-IFRS financial measure – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures section of this document.



     A summary of mortgage banking operations for the three and                                     other costs incurred to support our advisor networks. These
     nine month periods under review is presented in Table 12.                                      expenses tend to be discretionary or vary based upon the
                                                                                                    number of advisors or clients.
     Net Investment Income and Other
                                                                                                    Asset-based compensation includes compensation paid to
     Net investment income and other consists of unrealized gains
                                                                                                    both the entrepreneurial advisor and the corporate channels.
     or losses on investments in proprietary funds in the three
                                                                                                    The entrepreneurial advisor channel compensation fluctuates
     and nine months ended September 30, 2024, and investment
                                                                                                    primarily with the value of AUA and product mix while the
     income earned on our cash and cash equivalents and securities
                                                                                                    corporate channel fluctuates largely based on the number of
     and other income not related to our core business. It also
                                                                                                    clients within the channel. Asset-based compensation increased
     includes a charge from the Corporate and Other segment for




                                                                                                                                                                              PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                                                                                    by $21.5 million and $48.6 million for the three and nine month
     the use of unallocated capital.
                                                                                                    periods ended September 30, 2024 to $169.5 million and
     Expenses                                                                                       $487.4 million, respectively, compared to 2023. The increase
                                                                                                    for both the three and nine month periods was primarily due to
     IG Wealth Management incurs advisory and business
                                                                                                    increases in AUA and other compensation changes.
     development expenses that include compensation paid to our
     advisors. The majority of these costs vary directly with asset or                              IG Wealth Management sales-based compensation is based
     sales levels. Also included are other distribution and business                                upon the level of new assets contributed to client accounts at
     development activities which do not vary directly with asset                                   IG Wealth Management (subject to eligibility requirements).
     or sales levels, such as corporate channel, direct marketing                                   All sales-based compensation payments are capitalized and
     and advertising, financial planning specialist support and




28 IGM Financial Inc. 2024 Third Quarter Report | Management's Discussion and Analysis
                                         P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                  C  25
                              Table 12: Mortgage Banking Operations – IG Wealth Management

                                                                                                                                                                                                    Change
                              Three months ended                                                                                        2024              2024              2023           2024       2023
                              ($ millions)                                                                                            Sep. 30           Jun. 30           Sep. 30        Jun. 30    Sep. 30

                              Total mortgage banking income
                               Net interest income on securitized loans
                                 Interest income                                                                                 $       47.3      $      44.3      $       40.2            6.8 %     17.7 %
                                 Interest expense                                                                                        44.0             40.8              35.8            7.8       22.9
                                 Net interest income                                                                                      3.3               3.5               4.4           (5.7)    (25.0)
                               Gains (losses) on sales(1)                                                                                    –                 –             (1.8)             –     100.0
                               Fair value adjustments                                                                                    (4.1)             (7.4)              3.2          44.6       N/M
                               Other                                                                                                      6.3               7.0               4.1         (10.0)      53.7
                                                                                                                                 $        5.5      $        3.1     $         9.9          77.4 %    (44.4)%
                              Average mortgages serviced
                               Securitizations                                                                                   $     4,748       $     4,634      $      4,613            2.5 %      2.9 %
                               Other                                                                                                   1,893             2,009             2,162            (5.8)    (12.4)
                                                                                                                                 $     6,641       $     6,643      $      6,775               –%      (2.0)%
                              Mortgage sales to:(2)
                               Securitizations                                                                                   $       513       $       392      $        542           30.9 %      (5.4)%
                               Other(1)                                                                                                      –                 –               82              –    (100.0)
                                                                                                                                 $       513       $       392      $        624           30.9 %     (17.8)%

                              Nine months ended                                                                                                                            2024            2023
                              ($ millions)                                                                                                                               Sep. 30         Sep. 30    Change

                              Total mortgage banking income
                               Net interest income on securitized loans
                                 Interest income                                                                                                                    $      134.4     $    113.5       18.4 %
                                 Interest expense                                                                                                                          125.3          103.2       21.4
                                 Net interest income                                                                                                                          9.1          10.3       (11.7)
                               Gains (losses) on sales(1)                                                                                                                     0.5           (2.8)     N/M
                               Fair value adjustments                                                                                                                        (9.5)          1.2       N/M
                               Other                                                                                                                                        18.9           10.0       89.0
                                                                                                                                                                    $       19.0     $     18.7        1.6 %
                              Average mortgages serviced
                               Securitizations                                                                                                                      $      4,686     $   4,609          1.7 %
                               Other                                                                                                                                       1,978          2,164        (8.6)
                                                                                                                                                                    $      6,664     $   6,773         (1.6)%
                              Mortgage sales to:(2)
                               Securitizations                                                                                                                      $      1,167     $     948        23.1 %
                               Other(1)                                                                                                                                        47           190      (75.3)
                                                                                                                                                                    $      1,214     $    1,138        6.7 %
                              (1) Represents sales to institutional investors through private placements and to IG Mackenzie Mortgage and Short Term Income Fund, as well as gains (losses) realized on
                                  those sales.
                              (2) Represents principal amounts sold.




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.




                                                                          Management's Discussion and Analysis | IGM Financial Inc. 2024 Third Quarter Report                                                   29
                              C  26                                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
     amortized as they reflect incremental costs to obtain a client                          Q3 2024 VS. Q2 2024
     contract. Sales-based compensation was $26.5 million for
     the third quarter of 2024, an increase of $2.9 million from                             Fee Income
     $23.6 million in 2023. For the nine month period, sales-based                           Advisory fee income increased by $13.3 million or 4.2% to
     compensation expense was $77.3 million, an increase of                                  $328.6 million in the third quarter of 2024 compared to the
     $9.8 million from $67.5 million in 2023.                                                second quarter of 2024. The increase in advisory fees in the
                                                                                             third quarter was primarily due to the increase in average
     Other advisory and business development expenses were
                                                                                             AUA of 3.7% for the quarter, as shown in Table 8. The average
     $62.5 million in the third quarter of 2024, compared to
                                                                                             advisory fee rate for the third quarter was 98.4 basis points
     $62.7 million in 2023, a decrease of $0.2 million primarily due
                                                                                             of average AUM, compared to 98.9 basis points in the second
     to the timing of certain projects and other expenses partially
                                                                                             quarter. Fee rates are determined based on client AUA levels
     offset by higher compensation paid on the distribution of
                                                                                             and the average rate will fluctuate based on changes in a
     insurance products. Other advisory and business development
                                                                                             client’s AUA as well as product mix.
     expenses were $195.1 million in the nine months ended
     September 30, 2024, an increase of $11.1 million from                                   Product and program fees were $253.5 million in the third
     $184.0 million in 2023 primarily due to higher compensation                             quarter of 2024, an increase of $11.2 million from $242.3 million
     paid on the distribution of insurance products.                                         in the second quarter of 2024. The increase was primarily
                                                                                             due to the increase in average AUM of 3.7%, as shown in
     Operations and support includes costs that support our wealth
                                                                                             Table 9. The average product and program fee rate was
     management and other general and administrative functions
                                                                                             85.5 basis points of AUM compared to 85.6 basis points in the
     such as product management, technology and operations, as
                                                                                             second quarter.
     well as other functional business units and corporate expenses.
     Operations and support expenses were $115.1 million for the                             Other financial planning revenues of $36.4 million in the third
     third quarter of 2024 compared to $108.4 million in 2023, an                            quarter of 2024 increased by $1.7 million from $34.7 million in
     increase of $6.7 million. For the nine month period, operations                         the second quarter due to higher earnings from the mortgage
     and support expenses were $343.9 million in 2024 compared                               banking operations.
     to $321.8 million in 2023, an increase of $22.1 million or 6.9%.
                                                                                             Expenses
     Sub-advisory expenses were $49.1 million for the third quarter
                                                                                             Advisory and business development expenses in the current
     of 2024 compared to $43.8 million in 2023, an increase
                                                                                             quarter were $258.5 million, an increase of $1.4 million from
     of $5.3 million or 12.1%. For the nine month period, sub-
                                                                                             $257.1 million in the previous quarter. The increase is primarily
     advisory expenses were $140.9 million in 2024 compared to
                                                                                             due to increases in asset‑based compensation as a result
     $129.4 million in 2023, an increase of $11.5 million or 8.9%. The
                                                                                             of higher AUA and compensation changes and seasonality
     change in both periods was primarily due to changes in AUM.
                                                                                             of expenses.

     Interest Expense                                                                        Operations and support expenses were $115.1 million for
     Interest expense, which includes allocated interest expense                             the third quarter of 2024 compared to $114.1 million in the
     on long‑term debt and interest expense on leases, totalled                              previous quarter.
     $25.8 million in the third quarter of 2024, compared to
     $25.9 million in 2023. For the nine month period, interest
     expense totalled $77.3 million compared to $72.2 million in
     2023. Long-term debt interest expense is calculated based on
     an allocation of IGM Financial’s long-term debt to IG Wealth
     Management. The allocation of debt increased to $1.95 billion




                                                                                                                                                                 PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
     during the second quarter of 2023, as a result of the issuance of
     long-term debt by IGM Financial. Previously, the allocation was
     $1.7 billion.




30 IGM Financial Inc. 2024 Third Quarter Report | Management's Discussion and Analysis
                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                            C  27
                              Wealth Management
                              Strategic Investments
                              Wealth Management strategic investment’s adjusted net
                              earnings are presented within Table 13. Adjusted net earnings
                              for the third quarter of 2024 were ($0.6) million, compared
                              to $0.4 million in 2023 and ($3.0) million in the prior quarter.
                              Adjusted net earnings for the nine months ended were
                              ($9.6) million, compared to ($3.1) million in 2023.

                              The Company’s share of Rockefeller’s earnings of ($7.5) million
                              in the nine month period ending September 30, 2024
                              exclude the Company’s proportionate share of one-time debt
                              refinancing costs of $3.3 million related to the early repayment
                              of one of Rockefeller’s financing facilities, which has been
                              reclassified to other items as detailed in Tables 3 and 4.




                              Table 13: Operating Results – Wealth Management Strategic Investments

                                                                                                                                                                                                        Change
                              Three months ended                                                                                              2024            2024            2023             2024       2023
                              ($ millions)                                                                                                  Sep. 30         Jun. 30         Sep. 30          Jun. 30    Sep. 30

                              Revenues
                               Proportionate share of associates’ earnings
                                 Rockefeller                                                                                            $     (0.3)     $      (2.8)    $        1.2           89.3 %     N/M %
                                 Other                                                                                                         0.1             0.4               (0.5)        (75.0)      N/M
                                                                                                                                              (0.2)            (2.4)             0.7           91.7       N/M
                              Expenses
                               Operations and support                                                                                          0.2             0.2               0.4               –     (50.0)
                              Adjusted earnings before income taxes(1)                                                                        (0.4)            (2.6)             0.3           84.6       N/M
                              Income taxes                                                                                                     0.2             0.4               (0.1)        (50.0)      N/M
                              Adjusted net earnings (1)                                                                                 $     (0.6)     $      (3.0)    $        0.4           80.0 %     N/M %

                              Nine months ended                                                                                                                               2024             2023
                              ($ millions)                                                                                                                                  Sep. 30          Sep. 30    Change




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                              Revenues
                               Proportionate share of associates’ earnings
                                 Rockefeller                                                                                                                            $        (7.5)   $      (0.7)     N/M %
                                 Other                                                                                                                                           (0.2)          (1.8)     88.9
                                                                                                                                                                                 (7.7)         (2.5)    (208.0)
                              Expenses
                               Operations and support                                                                                                                            0.7            0.8      (12.5)
                              Adjusted earnings before income taxes(1)                                                                                                           (8.4)         (3.3)    (154.5)
                              Income taxes                                                                                                                                       1.2            (0.2)     N/M
                              Adjusted net earnings(1)                                                                                                                  $        (9.6)   $      (3.1)   (209.7)%
                              (1) A non-IFRS financial measure – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures section of this document.




                                                                         Management's Discussion and Analysis | IGM Financial Inc. 2024 Third Quarter Report                                                       31
                              C  28                                                P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
     Asset Management
     The Asset Management segment includes Mackenzie                                               segment and transfer pricing is based on values for similar
     Investments and strategic investments in ChinaAMC                                             sized asset management mandates.
     and Northleaf.                                                                            • Proportionate share of associates’ earnings is the
                                                                                                 Company’s proportionate share of earnings from the equity
     Asset Management revenue reflects:
                                                                                                 investments in ChinaAMC and Northleaf.
     • Net asset management fees – third party includes fees
       received from our investment funds and fees from third                                  Assets managed by Mackenzie for IG Wealth Management are
       parties for investment management services. Compensation                                included in the Asset Management segment’s AUM.
       paid to dealers offsets the fees earned.
                                                                                               Debt and interest expense is allocated to each IGM Financial
     • Asset management fees – Wealth Management includes                                      segment based on management’s assessment of: i) capacity
       fees received from the Wealth Management segment. Wealth                                to service the debt, and ii) where the debt is being serviced.
       Management is considered a client of the Asset Management                               Income taxes are also reported in each segment.




     Review of the Business
     Mackenzie Investments is a diversified asset management                                   Northleaf seeks to deliver high absolute risk-adjusted returns
     solutions provider founded in 1967. We provide investment                                 from access to value creation outside public markets.
     management and related services with a wide range of
     investment mandates through a boutique structure and
     multiple distribution channels. We are committed to delivering
                                                                                               Mackenzie Investments
     strong investment performance for our clients by drawing on                               Strategy
     more than 50 years of investment management experience.
                                                                                               Mackenzie’s mission is to create a more invested world, together.
     Mackenzie earns asset management fees primarily from:
                                                                                               Mackenzie’s objective is to become Canada’s preferred global
     • Management fees earned from its investment funds,
                                                                                               asset management solutions provider and business partner.
       sub‑advised accounts and institutional clients.
     • Fees earned from its mutual funds for administrative services.                          Mackenzie’s strategic mandates are: win Canadian retail; build
                                                                                               meaningful strategic partnerships; and develop presence
     • Redemption fees on deferred sales charge and low load units.
                                                                                               in underpenetrated channels with a targeted approach. We
     The largest component of Mackenzie’s revenues is management                               achieve our strategic mandates with the following focus areas:
     fees. The amount of management fees depends on the level and                              • Continuously improving distribution with a segmented
     composition of AUM. Management fee rates vary depending on                                  approach;
     the investment objective and the account type of the underlying
                                                                                               • Delivering competitive risk adjusted investment
     AUM. Equity based mandates have higher management fee rates
                                                                                                 performance;
     than fixed income mandates and retail mutual fund accounts
                                                                                               • Advancing brand leadership;




                                                                                                                                                                   PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
     have higher management fee rates than exchange traded funds,
     sub‑advised accounts and institutional accounts.                                          • Creating innovative and relevant products and solutions;
                                                                                               • Encouraging a sustainable future;
     Founded in 1998 as one of the first fund management
                                                                                               • Ensuring operational excellence and efficiency;
     companies in China, ChinaAMC has developed and maintained a
     position among the market leaders in China’s asset management                             • Fostering a high performing, diverse and winning culture.
     industry. ChinaAMC drives for growth through product                                      Our focus areas drive future business growth. We aim to
     innovation and offering multi‑asset investment solutions and                              achieve this by being committed to the success of our clients,
     services to a diversified group of retail and institutional clients.                      attracting and fostering the best minds in the investment
     Northleaf is a global private equity, private credit and                                  industry, maintaining a boutique investment approach, having
     infrastructure fund manager headquartered in Toronto.




32 IGM Financial Inc. 2024 Third Quarter Report | Management's Discussion and Analysis
                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                            C  29
                              an innovative and future oriented product focus, and being                        Gross sales and redemption activity in strategic alliance and
                              responsible in everything we do.                                                  institutional accounts can be more pronounced than in the
                                                                                                                retail channel, given the relative size and the nature of the
                              Our investment management capabilities are delivered through
                                                                                                                distribution relationships of these accounts. These accounts
                              a boutique structure, with separate in-house teams having
                                                                                                                are also subject to ongoing reviews and rebalance activities
                              distinct focuses and diverse styles. Our research and portfolio
                                                                                                                which may result in a significant change in the level of AUM.
                              management teams are located in Toronto, Montreal, Winnipeg,
                              Vancouver, Boston, Dublin and Hong Kong. In addition, our                         Mackenzie continues to be positioned to build and enhance
                              ownership interest in Northleaf enhances our investment                           our distribution relationships given our team of experienced
                              capabilities by offering global private equity, private credit                    investment professionals, strength of our distribution network,
                              and infrastructure investment solutions to our clients and our                    broad product shelf, competitively priced products and our
                              ownership interest in ChinaAMC offers our clients access to                       focus on client experience and investment excellence.
                              Chinese capital markets. We also supplement our investment
                              capabilities with strategic partners (third party sub-advisors)                   2024 Developments
                              in selected areas. The development of a broad range of
                                                                                                                During the third quarter of 2024, Mackenzie expanded our
                              investment capabilities and products is a key strength in
                                                                                                                partnership with CGI to transform our transaction processing
                              supporting the evolving financial needs of investors.
                                                                                                                functions and enhance how we serve our clients and advisors.
                              Our business focuses on three key distribution channels: retail,                  As part of this expanded partnership, Mackenzie will transition
                              strategic alliances and institutional.                                            specific back‑office services to CGI during the fourth quarter
                                                                                                                of 2024 to help accelerate our digital transformation and
                              Mackenzie primarily distributes its retail investment products
                                                                                                                ability to deliver an industry-leading client experience.
                              through third-party financial advisors. Our sales teams work
                              with many of the more than 30,000 independent financial
                              advisors and their firms across Canada. Our innovative,                           Investment Management
                              comprehensive lineup of investment solutions covers all asset                     Mackenzie has $212.1 billion in AUM at September 30, 2024,
                              classes and parts of the globe. We offer a range of relevant                      including $83.6 billion of sub-advisory mandates to the Wealth
                              products and investment solutions designed to help advisors                       Management segment.
                              meet the evolving needs of their clients. We regularly introduce
                              new funds and we may merge or streamline our fund offerings                       We continue to deliver our investment offerings through a
                              to provide enhanced investment solutions.                                         boutique structure, with separate in-house investment teams
                                                                                                                which each have a distinct focus and investment approach.
                              In addition to our retail distribution team, Mackenzie also                       Our investment team currently consists of 16 boutiques. This
                              has specialty teams focused on strategic alliances and the                        boutique approach promotes diversification of styles and
                              institutional marketplace.                                                        ideas and provides Mackenzie with a breadth of capabilities.
                              Within the strategic alliance channel, Mackenzie offers                           Oversight is conducted through a common process intended
                              certain series of our mutual funds and provides sub-advisory                      to promote superior risk-adjusted returns over time. This
                              services to third-party and related party investment programs                     oversight process focuses on i) identifying and encouraging
                              offered by banks, insurance companies and other investment                        each team’s performance edge, ii) promoting best practices in
                              companies. Strategic alliances with related parties include                       portfolio construction, and iii) emphasizing risk management.
                              providing advisory services to IG Wealth Management and                           Mackenzie’s 56% economic interest in Northleaf enhances its
                              Lifeco subsidiaries (including IPC). Mackenzie partners with                      investment capabilities by offering global private equity, private
                              Wealthsimple to distribute ETFs through their product shelf.                      credit and infrastructure investment solutions to our clients.
                              Mackenzie also serves as one of two exclusive investment




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                              solutions providers to PFSL Investment Canada Ltd. (Primerica)                    In addition to our own investment teams, Mackenzie
                              and launched a suite of 27 funds designed to address the                          supplements investment capabilities through the use of
                              specific needs of Primerica advisors and their clients. Within                    third party sub-advisors and strategic beta index providers
                              the strategic alliance channel, Mackenzie’s primary distribution                  in selected areas. These include Putnam Investments and
                              relationship is with the head office of the respective bank,                      ChinaAMC. With the launch of the suite of 27 Futurepath
                              insurance company or investment company.                                          Funds for Primerica, the following third party sub-advisors
                                                                                                                were added: 1832 Asset Management, Addenda, Brandywine,
                              In the institutional channel, Mackenzie provides investment                       Blackrock, and T. Rowe Price.
                              management services to pension plans, foundations and other
                              institutions. We attract new institutional business through our
                              relationships with pension and management consultants.




                                                                   Management's Discussion and Analysis | IGM Financial Inc. 2024 Third Quarter Report                               33
                              C  30                                      P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
     Long-term investment performance is a key measure of                                    • Mackenzie Bluewater Next Gen Growth ETF consists of a
     Mackenzie’s ongoing success. At September 30, 2024, 38.5%                                 portfolio of established, global and profitable companies
     of Mackenzie mutual fund assets were rated in the top two                                 identified as having the potential to be drivers of innovation.
     performance quartiles for the one year time frame, 52.3%                                • Mackenzie Core Resources ETF offers investors an
     for the three year time frame and 48.5% for the five year                                 opportunity to leverage global demand for natural resources
     time frame. Mackenzie also monitors its fund performance                                  and use the ETF as a base for a diversified portfolio.
     relative to the ratings it receives on its mutual funds from
     the Morningstar † fund ranking service. At September 30,                                Early in the fourth quarter, Mackenzie launched Mackenzie
     2024, 85.5% of Mackenzie mutual fund assets measured                                    US Small Cap Fund. This Fund provides investors with the
     by Morningstar † had a rating of three stars or better and                              opportunity to access U.S. small cap entities with growth
     49.4% had a rating of four or five stars. This compared to the                          potential and allow investors to diversify their portfolios.
     Morningstar † universe of 87.2% for three stars or better and
     54.7% for four and five star funds at September 30, 2024.                               Asset Management AUM
                                                                                             AUM is a key performance indicator for the Asset Management
     Products                                                                                segment.
     Mackenzie continues to evolve its product shelf by providing
                                                                                             The changes in total AUM are summarized in Table 14 and the
     enhanced investment solutions for financial advisors to offer
                                                                                             changes in investment fund AUM are summarized in Table 15.
     their clients.
                                                                                             Assets managed for the Wealth Management segment are
                                                                                             included in total AUM.
     Mutual Funds
     Mackenzie manages its product shelf through new fund launches                           Asset Management AUM including strategic investments
     and fund mergers to streamline fund offerings for advisors and                          were $354.7 billion at September 30, 2024, compared to
     investors. During the current quarter, Mackenzie completed the                          $295.6 billion at September 30, 2023. Strategic investments
     previously announced fund mergers.                                                      AUM is based on the Company’s direct and indirect ownership
                                                                                             interest in these companies.
     Alternative Funds
                                                                                             At September 30, 2024, Mackenzie’s total AUM were
     Mackenzie currently has eight alternative funds, including
                                                                                             $212.1 billion, an increase of 13.8% from $186.3 billion last
     four products in collaboration with Northleaf Capital Partners
                                                                                             year. Mackenzie’s total third party AUM were $128.5 billion, an
     (Northleaf) as part of its ongoing commitment to expand retail
                                                                                             increase of 14.7% from $112.0 billion last year. The change in
     investor access to private market investment solutions.
                                                                                             Mackenzie’s AUM is determined by investment returns and net
     Exchange Traded Funds                                                                   contributions from our clients.

     The addition of Exchange Traded Funds (ETF) has complemented                            At September 30, 2024, ChinaAMC’s AUM was RMB¥
     Mackenzie’s broad and innovative fund line‑up and reflects its                          2,358.2 billion ($454.4 billion) compared to RMB¥ 1,826.3 billion
     investor-focused vision to provide advisors and investors with                          ($339.8 billion) at September 30, 2023, an increase of 29.1%
     new solutions to drive investor outcomes and achieve their                              (CAD 33.7%). Mackenzie holds a 27.8% interest in ChinaAMC.
     personal goals. These ETFs offer investors another investment
                                                                                             At September 30, 2024, Northleaf’s AUM was $29.6 billion
     option when building long-term diversified portfolios. During the
                                                                                             compared to $26.9 billion at September 30, 2023, an increase of
     current quarter, Mackenzie launched four ETFs.
                                                                                             10.0%. Mackenzie holds a 56% economic interest in Northleaf.
     Mackenzie’s current line‑up consists of 51 ETFs: 28 active and
     strategic beta ETFs and 23 traditional index ETFs. ETF AUM
                                                                                             Mackenzie Investments AUM




                                                                                                                                                                    PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
     ended the quarter at $14.9 billion, inclusive of $8.0 billion in
                                                                                             Change in AUM – 2024 vs. 2023
     investments from IGM managed products. This ranks Mackenzie
     in seventh place in the Canadian ETF industry for AUM.                                  Mackenzie’s total AUM at September 30, 2024 were
                                                                                             $212.1 billion, an increase of 13.8% from $186.3 billion at
     2024 Launches                                                                           September 30, 2023. Third party AUM were $128.5 billion, an
     During the third quarter, Mackenzie launched four ETFs:                                 increase of 14.7% from $112.0 billion at September 30, 2023.
     • Mackenzie Global Equity ETF and Mackenzie International                               Investment fund AUM were $67.8 billion at September 30, 2024,
       Equity ETF seek to diversify portfolios with investments                              compared to $59.0 billion at September 30, 2023, an increase of
       across global markets, considering risk management and a                              14.9%. Mackenzie’s mutual fund AUM of $61.0 billion increased
       consistent portfolio structure for investors.                                         by 13.0% from $54.0 billion at September 30, 2023. Mackenzie’s




34 IGM Financial Inc. 2024 Third Quarter Report | Management's Discussion and Analysis
                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                               C  31
                              Table 14: Change in Total AUM – Asset Management

                                                                                                                                                                                                Change
                              Three months ended                                                                                      2024              2024              2023         2024       2023
                              ($ millions)                                                                                          Sep. 30           Jun. 30           Sep. 30      Jun. 30    Sep. 30

                              Mackenzie AUM excluding sub-advisory to
                              Canada Life and the Wealth Management Segment
                               Net sales (redemptions)
                                 Mutual funds                                                                                  $      (569)      $      (906)     $       (712)        37.2 %     20.1 %
                                 ETF net creations                                                                                     273                161                13        69.6       N/M
                                 Investment funds(1)(2)                                                                               (296)             (745)             (699)       60.3        57.7
                                 Sub-advisory, institutional and other accounts                                                       (306)              (171)                   7    (78.9)      N/M
                               Total net sales (redemptions)                                                                          (602)              (916)            (692)       34.3        13.0
                               Investment returns                                                                                    3,734               795            (1,948)       N/M         N/M
                               Net change in assets                                                                                  3,132               (121)          (2,640)       N/M         N/M
                               Beginning assets                                                                                     72,766           72,887            68,742          (0.2)       5.9
                               Ending assets                                                                                   $    75,898       $    72,766      $     66,102          4.3 %     14.8 %
                              Mackenzie Consolidated AUM
                                 Mutual funds                                                                                  $    60,951       $   58,505       $    53,950           4.2 %     13.0 %
                                 ETFs                                                                                                6,868             6,250             5,050          9.9       36.0
                                 Investment funds(1)(2)                                                                             67,819           64,755            59,000           4.7       14.9
                                 Sub-advisory, institutional and other accounts                                                      8,079             8,011             7,102          0.8       13.8
                                                                                                                                    75,898            72,766           66,102           4.3       14.8
                                 Sub-advisory to Canada Life(3)                                                                     52,608           49,960            45,906           5.3       14.6
                               Third party AUM                                                                                     128,506           122,726          112,008           4.7       14.7
                               Sub-advisory and AUM to Wealth Management(2)(3)                                                      83,584           79,393            74,325           5.3       12.5
                               Consolidated AUM                                                                                $ 212,090         $ 202,119        $ 186,333             4.9 %     13.8 %
                              Strategic investments ending AUM
                               ChinaAMC                                                                                        $ 126,324         $ 112,998        $    94,470          11.8 %     33.7 %
                               Northleaf                                                                                            16,588           16,308            15,092           1.7        9.9
                               Intra‑segment eliminations                                                                             (266)             (329)             (302)        19.1       11.9
                                                                                                                               $ 142,646         $ 128,977        $ 109,260            10.6 %     30.6 %
                              Consolidated ending AUM including strategic investments                                          $ 354,736         $ 331,096        $ 295,593             7.1 %     20.0 %
                              Mackenzie average total AUM(4)
                               Third party AUM                                                                                 $ 125,705         $ 122,773        $ 115,517             2.4 %      8.8 %
                               Consolidated                                                                                        207,496           201,757          191,889           2.8        8.1
                              (1) Investment fund AUM and net sales exclude investments into Mackenzie mutual funds and ETFs by IGM Financial’s investment funds.
                              (2) Effective January 2023, Mackenzie investment fund products sold through IG Wealth Management are reclassified from Investment funds to Sub-advisory and AUM to
                                  Wealth Management.
                              (3) Effective November 30, 2023, Mackenzie’s sub-advisory to discontinued operations, which had previously been reported in sub-advisory and AUM to Wealth
                                  Management, are now reported in sub-advisory to Canada Life.
                              (4) Based on daily average investment fund assets and month-end average sub-advisory, institutional and other assets.




                              ETF assets excluding ETFs held within IGM Financial’s managed                               ended September 30, 2024 were $569 million, compared
                              products were $6.9 billion at September 30, 2024, an increase                               to net redemptions of $712 million last year. In the three




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                              of 36.0% from $5.1 billion at September 30, 2023. ETF                                       months ended September 30, 2024, ETF net creations were
                              assets inclusive of IGM Financial’s managed products were                                   $273 million compared to $13 million last year. Investment
                              $14.9 billion at September 30, 2024 compared to $12.5 billion at                            fund net redemptions in the current quarter were $296 million
                              September 30, 2023.                                                                         compared to net redemptions of $699 million last year. During
                                                                                                                          the current quarter, investment returns resulted in investment
                              In the three months ended September 30, 2024, Mackenzie’s
                                                                                                                          fund assets increasing by $3.4 billion compared to a decrease
                              mutual fund gross sales were $1.8 billion, an increase of 20.6%
                                                                                                                          of $1.8 billion last year.
                              compared to $1.5 billion in 2023. Mutual fund redemptions in
                              the current quarter were $2.4 billion, an increase of 7.5% from                             Total net redemptions excluding sub-advisory to Canada Life
                              last year. Mutual fund net redemptions for the three months                                 and to the Wealth Management segment for the three months




                                                                         Management's Discussion and Analysis | IGM Financial Inc. 2024 Third Quarter Report                                               35
                              C  32                                                P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
     Table 14: Change in Total AUM – Asset Management (continued)

     Nine months ended                                                                                                                       2024          2023
     ($ millions)                                                                                                                          Sep. 30       Sep. 30    Change

     Mackenzie AUM excluding sub-advisory to Canada Life and the Wealth Management Segment
      Net sales (redemptions)
        Mutual funds                                                                                                                  $    (2,001)   $    (1,327)    (50.8)%
        ETF net creations                                                                                                                     766            84       N/M
        Investment funds(1)(2)                                                                                                             (1,235)        (1,243)      0.6
        Sub-advisory, institutional and other accounts(3)(4)                                                                                 (457)          378       N/M
      Total net sales (redemptions)                                                                                                        (1,692)         (865)     (95.6)
      Investment returns                                                                                                                    8,308           892       N/M
      Net change in assets                                                                                                                  6,616            27       N/M
      Beginning assets                                                                                                                     69,282        66,075        4.9
      Ending assets                                                                                                                   $    75,898    $   66,102       14.8 %
     Mackenzie average total AUM(5)
      Third party AUM                                                                                                                 $ 123,163      $ 115,771         6.4 %
      Consolidated                                                                                                                        202,961        192,181       5.6

     (1) Investment fund AUM and net sales exclude investments into Mackenzie mutual funds and ETFs by IGM Financial’s investment funds.
     (2) Effective January 2023, Mackenzie investment fund products sold through IG Wealth Management are reclassified from Investment funds to Sub-advisory and AUM to
         Wealth Management.
     (3) In the first quarter of 2024, the IG Wealth Management pension plan redeemed $177 million from IG Wealth Management mutual funds that was re-allocated into a
         separately managed account managed by Mackenzie.
     (4) Sub-advisory, institutional and other accounts – During the nine month period of 2023, Mackenzie onboarded an institutional mandate of $490 million.
     (5) Based on daily average investment fund assets and month-end average sub-advisory, institutional and other assets.




     ended September 30, 2024 were $602 million compared to                                        redemption rate for long‑term mutual funds for all other
     net redemptions of $692 million last year. During the current                                 members of IFIC was approximately 15.8% at September 30,
     quarter, investment returns resulted in assets increasing by                                  2024. Mackenzie’s twelve month trailing redemption rate is
     $3.7 billion compared to a decrease of $1.9 billion last year.                                comprised of the weighted average redemption rate for front-
                                                                                                   end load assets, deferred sales charge and low load assets with
     In the nine months ended September 30, 2024, Mackenzie’s
                                                                                                   redemption fees, and deferred sales charge assets without
     mutual fund gross sales were $6.3 billion, an increase of 14.0%
                                                                                                   redemption fees (matured assets). Generally, redemption rates
     from $5.5 billion in 2023. Mutual fund redemptions in the
                                                                                                   for front‑end load assets and matured assets are higher than the
     current period were $8.3 billion, an increase of 21.1% from
                                                                                                   redemption rates for deferred sales charge and low load assets
     last year. Mutual fund net redemptions for the nine months
                                                                                                   with redemption fees.
     ended September 30, 2024 were $2.0 billion, compared to net
     redemptions of $1.3 billion in 2023. In the nine months ended                                 Total net redemptions excluding sub-advisory to Canada Life
     September 30, 2024, ETF net creations were $766 million                                       and to the Wealth Management segment for the nine months
     compared to $84 million last year. Investment fund net                                        ended September 30, 2024 were $1.7 billion compared to net
     redemptions in the current period were $1.2 billion, consistent                               redemptions of $865 million in 2023. During the nine month
     with last year. During the current period, investment returns                                 period, investment returns resulted in assets increasing by
     resulted in investment fund assets increasing by $7.1 billion                                 $8.3 billion compared to an increase of $892 million last year.




                                                                                                                                                                               PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
     compared to an increase of $590 million last year.
                                                                                                   In January 2024, the IG Wealth Management pension plan
     Redemptions of long‑term mutual funds in the three and nine                                   redeemed $177 million from IG Wealth Management mutual
     months ended September 30, 2024, were $2.3 billion and                                        funds that was re-allocated into a separately managed account
     $8.1 billion, respectively, compared to $2.2 billion and $6.8 billion                         managed by Mackenzie. During the nine months ended
     last year. Mackenzie’s annualized quarterly redemption rate for                               September 30, 2023, Mackenzie onboarded an institutional
     long-term mutual funds was 15.5% in the third quarter of 2024,                                mandate of $490 million. Excluding these two transactions,
     compared to 15.7% in the third quarter of 2023. Mackenzie’s                                   total net redemptions were $1.9 billion in the nine months
     twelve month trailing redemption rate for long-term mutual                                    ended September 30, 2024 compared to net redemptions of
     funds was 19.1% at September 30, 2024, compared to 16.8%                                      $1.4 billion last year.
     last year. The corresponding average twelve month trailing




36 IGM Financial Inc. 2024 Third Quarter Report | Management's Discussion and Analysis
                                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                    C  33
                              Table 15: Change in Investment Fund AUM – Mackenzie Investments(1)

                                                                                                                                                                                                    Change
                              Three months ended                                                                                      2024              2024                2023           2024       2023
                              ($ millions)                                                                                          Sep. 30           Jun. 30             Sep. 30        Jun. 30    Sep. 30

                              Sales                                                                                            $     1,812       $     2,142      $        1,503          (15.4)%     20.6 %
                              Redemptions                                                                                            2,381             3,048               2,215          (21.9)       7.5
                              Mutual fund net sales (redemptions)                                                                     (569)             (906)               (712)          37.2       20.1
                              ETF net creations                                                                                        273               161                  13           69.6       N/M
                              Investment fund net sales (redemptions)(2)(3)                                                           (296)             (745)               (699)         60.3        57.7
                              Investment returns                                                                                     3,360               579              (1,840)         N/M         N/M
                              Net change in assets                                                                                   3,064               (166)            (2,539)         N/M         N/M
                              Beginning assets                                                                                      64,755           64,921               61,539           (0.3)       5.2
                              Ending assets                                                                                    $    67,819       $   64,755       $       59,000            4.7 %     14.9 %
                              Consists of:
                               Mutual funds                                                                                    $    60,951       $   58,505       $       53,950            4.2 %     13.0 %
                               ETFs                                                                                                  6,868             6,250               5,050            9.9       36.0
                               Investment funds(3)                                                                             $    67,819       $   64,755       $       59,000            4.7 %     14.9 %
                              Daily average investment fund assets                                                             $    66,189       $   64,468       $       60,949            2.7 %      8.6 %

                              Nine months ended                                                                                                                              2024           2023
                              ($ millions)                                                                                                                                 Sep. 30        Sep. 30   Change

                              Sales                                                                                                                                   $     6,311    $     5,534      14.0 %
                              Redemptions                                                                                                                                   8,312          6,861      21.1
                              Mutual fund net sales (redemptions)                                                                                                          (2,001)        (1,327)    (50.8)
                              ETF net creations                                                                                                                               766             84      N/M
                              Investment fund net sales (redemptions)(2)(3)                                                                                                (1,235)        (1,243)      0.6
                              Investment returns                                                                                                                            7,139            590      N/M
                              Net change in assets                                                                                                                          5,904           (653)     N/M
                              Beginning assets                                                                                                                             61,915        59,653        3.8
                              Ending assets                                                                                                                           $    67,819    $   59,000       14.9 %
                              Daily average investment fund assets                                                                                                    $    64,565    $    61,013       5.8 %

                              (1) Investment fund AUM and net sales excludes investments into Mackenzie mutual funds and ETFs by IGM Financial’s investment funds.
                              (2) Total investment fund net sales and AUM exclude Mackenzie mutual fund investments in ETFs.
                              (3) Effective January 2023, Mackenzie investment fund products sold through IG Wealth Management are reclassified from Investment funds to Sub-advisory and AUM to
                                  Wealth Management.




                              As at September 30, 2024, Mackenzie’s sub-advisory to                                       Investment fund AUM were $67.8 billion at September 30,
                              Canada Life were $52.6 billion compared to $45.9 billion at                                 2024, an increase of 4.7% from $64.8 billion at June 30,
                              September 30, 2023.                                                                         2024. Mackenzie’s mutual fund AUM were $61.0 billion at
                                                                                                                          September 30, 2024, an increase of 4.2% from $58.5 billion
                              As at September 30, 2024, Mackenzie’s sub-advisory and AUM
                                                                                                                          at June 30, 2024. Mackenzie’s ETF assets were $6.9 billion at
                              to the Wealth Management segment were $83.6 billion or 69.2%
                                                                                                                          September 30, 2024 compared to $6.3 billion at June 30, 2024.
                              of Wealth Management AUM excluding strategic investments




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                                                                                                          ETF assets inclusive of IGM Financial’s managed products were
                              compared to $74.3 billion or 69.6% of Wealth Management AUM
                                                                                                                          $14.9 billion at September 30, 2024 compared to $14.4 billion at
                              excluding strategic investments at September 30, 2023.
                                                                                                                          June 30, 2024.
                              Change in AUM – Q3 2024 vs. Q2 2024                                                         For the quarter ended September 30, 2024, Mackenzie mutual
                              Mackenzie’s total AUM at September 30, 2024 were $212.1 billion,                            fund gross sales were $1.8 billion, a decrease of 15.4% from
                              an increase of 4.9% from $202.1 billion at June 30, 2024. Third                             the second quarter of 2024. Mutual fund redemptions were
                              party AUM were $128.5 billion, an increase of 4.7% from                                     $2.4 billion, a decrease of 21.9% from the second quarter
                              $122.7 billion at June 30, 2024.                                                            of 2024. Net redemptions of Mackenzie mutual funds for




                                                                         Management's Discussion and Analysis | IGM Financial Inc. 2024 Third Quarter Report                                                   37
                              C  34                                                P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
     the current quarter were $569 million compared to net                                 Investment fund net redemptions in the current quarter were
     redemptions of $906 million in the previous quarter.                                  $296 million compared to net redemptions of $745 million in
                                                                                           the second quarter.
     Redemptions of long‑term mutual fund assets in the current
     quarter were $2.3 billion, compared to $3.0 billion in the                            As at September 30, 2024, Mackenzie’s sub-advisory to Canada
     second quarter. Mackenzie’s annualized quarterly redemption                           Life were $52.6 billion compared to $50.0 billion at June 30, 2024.
     rate for long-term mutual funds for the current quarter was
                                                                                           As at September 30, 2024, Mackenzie’s sub-advisory and AUM
     15.5% compared to 21.0% in the second quarter.
                                                                                           to the Wealth Management segment were $83.6 billion or 69.2%
     For the quarter ended September 30, 2024, Mackenzie ETF net                           of Wealth Management AUM excluding strategic investments
     creations were $273 million compared to $161 million in the                           compared to $79.4 billion or 69.2% of Wealth Management AUM
     second quarter.                                                                       excluding strategic investments at June 30, 2024.




                                                                                                                                                                 PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.




38 IGM Financial Inc. 2024 Third Quarter Report | Management's Discussion and Analysis
                                P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                             C  35
                              Review of Segment Operating Results
                              The Asset Management segment’s adjusted net earnings are                                     taxes for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 were
                              presented in Table 16 and include the operations of Mackenzie                                $253.8 million, an increase of 10.5% from 2023.
                              Investments and earnings related to strategic investments.
                                                                                                                           2024 vs. 2023
                              Mackenzie Investments                                                                        Revenues
                              Mackenzie Investments’ adjusted net earnings are presented                                   Asset management fees are classified as either Asset
                              in Table 17. Adjusted net earnings for the third quarter of 2024                             management fees – third party or Asset management fees –
                              were $59.4 million, an increase of 5.1% from the third quarter in                            Wealth Management.
                              2023 and an increase of 6.3% from the prior quarter. Adjusted
                              net earnings for the nine months ended September 30, 2024                                    • Net asset management fees – third party is comprised of
                              were $172.6 million, an increase of 11.4% from 2023.                                           the following:
                                                                                                                               ‑ Asset management fees – third party consists of
                              Adjusted earnings before interest and taxes for the third
                                                                                                                                 management and administration fees earned from our
                              quarter of 2024 were $87.4 million, an increase of 5.0%
                                                                                                                                 investment funds and management fees from our third
                              from the third quarter in 2023 and an increase of 6.5% from
                                                                                                                                 party sub-advisory, institutional and other accounts.
                              the prior quarter. Adjusted earnings before interest and
                                                                                                                                    The largest component is management fees from
                                                                                                                                    our investment funds. The amount of management




                              Table 16: Operating Results – Asset Management

                                                                                                                                                                                               Change
                              Three months ended                                                                                       2024              2024              2023       2024       2023
                              ($ millions)                                                                                           Sep. 30           Jun. 30           Sep. 30    Jun. 30    Sep. 30

                              Revenues
                               Asset management
                                 Asset management fees – third party                                                            $     248.9       $     241.5      $      236.2        3.1 %      5.4 %
                                 Redemption fees                                                                                         0.5               0.9               0.7    (44.4)      (28.6)
                                                                                                                                      249.4             242.4             236.9        2.9        5.3
                               Dealer compensation expenses
                                 Asset-based compensation                                                                              (81.8)            (80.2)            (77.9)      2.0        5.0
                               Net asset management fees – third party                                                                167.6             162.2             159.0        3.3        5.4
                               Asset management fees – Wealth Management                                                                31.1              29.1             28.8        6.9        8.0
                               Net asset management                                                                                   198.7             191.3             187.8        3.9        5.8
                               Net investment income and other                                                                           5.0               3.2               2.5     56.3       100.0
                               Proportionate share of associates’ earnings                                                              36.3             33.6               25.1       8.0       44.6
                                                                                                                                      240.0             228.1             215.4        5.2       11.4
                              Expenses
                               Advisory and business development                                                                        19.8              21.4              19.0      (7.5)       4.2
                               Operations and support                                                                                   95.7             90.8               87.2       5.4        9.7




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                               Sub-advisory                                                                                              1.4               1.4               1.2         –       16.7
                                                                                                                                      116.9             113.6             107.4        2.9        8.8
                              Adjusted earnings before interest and taxes(1)                                                          123.1             114.5             108.0        7.5       14.0
                              Interest expense                                                                                           6.6               6.5               6.6       1.5          –
                              Adjusted earnings before income taxes(1)                                                                116.5             108.0             101.4        7.9       14.9
                              Income taxes                                                                                              24.5              22.1             22.4       10.9        9.4
                              Adjusted net earnings(1)                                                                                  92.0              85.9             79.0        7.1       16.5
                              Non‑controlling interest                                                                                   0.7               1.1               0.1     (36.4)      N/M
                              Adjusted net earnings available to common shareholders(1)                                         $       91.3      $      84.8      $       78.9        7.7 %     15.7 %

                              (1) A non-IFRS financial measure – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures section of this document.




                                                                         Management's Discussion and Analysis | IGM Financial Inc. 2024 Third Quarter Report                                              39
                              C  36                                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
     Table 16: Operating Results – Asset Management (continued)

     Nine months ended                                                                                                                       2024          2023
     ($ millions)                                                                                                                          Sep. 30       Sep. 30   Change

     Revenues
      Asset management
        Asset management fees – third party                                                                                            $    728.6    $    703.7       3.5 %
        Redemption fees                                                                                                                       2.0           2.4     (16.7)
                                                                                                                                            730.6         706.1       3.5
      Dealer compensation expenses
        Asset-based compensation                                                                                                           (241.3)       (235.4)      2.5
      Net asset management fees – third party                                                                                               489.3         470.7       4.0
      Asset management fees – Wealth Management                                                                                              89.3          85.6       4.3
      Net asset management                                                                                                                  578.6        556.3        4.0
      Net investment income and other                                                                                                        14.7           8.0      83.8
      Proportionate share of associates’ earnings                                                                                           103.9          89.1      16.6
                                                                                                                                            697.2        653.4        6.7
     Expenses
      Advisory and business development                                                                                                      62.6          62.7      (0.2)
      Operations and support                                                                                                                275.0         270.0       1.9
      Sub-advisory                                                                                                                            4.1           3.4      20.6
                                                                                                                                            341.7         336.1       1.7
     Adjusted earnings before interest and taxes(1)                                                                                         355.5         317.3      12.0
     Interest expense                                                                                                                        19.6          18.5       5.9
     Adjusted earnings before income taxes(1)                                                                                               335.9        298.8       12.4
     Income taxes                                                                                                                            69.8          63.7       9.6
     Adjusted net earnings(1)                                                                                                               266.1         235.1      13.2
     Non‑controlling interest                                                                                                                 3.2           1.7      88.2
     Adjusted net earnings available to common shareholders(1)                                                                         $    262.9    $   233.4       12.6 %

     (1) A non-IFRS financial measure – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures section of this document.




           fees depends on the level and composition of AUM.                                            ‑ Dealer compensation expenses – consists of asset‑
           Management fee rates vary depending on the investment                                          based and sales-based compensation. Asset-based
           objective and the account type of the underlying AUM.                                          compensation represents trailing commissions paid to
           For example, equity-based mandates have higher                                                 dealers on certain classes of retail mutual funds and are
           management fee rates than exchange traded funds,                                                calculated as a percentage of mutual fund AUM. These
           fixed income mandates and retail mutual fund accounts                                           fees vary depending on the fund type and the purchase
           have higher management fee rates than sub‑advised                                               option upon which the fund was sold: front-end, deferred
           and institutional accounts. The majority of Mackenzie’s                                         sales charge or low load. Sales-based compensation are
           mutual fund assets are retail and sold through third party                                      paid to dealers on the sale of mutual funds under the
           financial advisors.                                                                             deferred sales charge purchase option and on a low load
        ‑ Redemption fees – consists of fees earned from the                                               purchase option. Mackenzie stopped selling deferred sales




                                                                                                                                                                              PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
          redemptions of mutual fund assets sold on a deferred                                             charge purchase options and low load purchase options as
          sales charge purchase option and on a low load purchase                                          of June 1, 2022, in accordance with regulatory changes.
          option. Redemption fees charged for deferred sales charge                                 • Asset management fees – Wealth Management consists of sub-
          assets range from 5.5% in the first year and decrease                                       advisory fees earned from the Wealth Management segment.
          to zero after seven years. Redemption fees for low load
                                                                                                    Net asset management fees – third party were $167.6 million
          assets range from 2.0% to 3.0% in the first year and
                                                                                                    for the three months ended September 30, 2024, an increase of
          decrease to zero after two or three years, depending on
                                                                                                    $8.6 million or 5.4% from $159.0 million last year. The increase
          the purchase option.
                                                                                                    in net asset management fees – third party was primarily due
                                                                                                    to an 8.8% increase in average AUM, as shown in Table 14,




40 IGM Financial Inc. 2024 Third Quarter Report | Management's Discussion and Analysis
                                         P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                  C  37
                              Table 17: Operating Results – Mackenzie Investments

                                                                                                                                                                                                       Change
                              Three months ended                                                                                       2024              2024                2023             2024       2023
                              ($ millions)                                                                                           Sep. 30           Jun. 30             Sep. 30          Jun. 30    Sep. 30
                              Revenues
                               Asset management
                                 Asset management fees – third party                                                            $     248.9       $     241.5      $       236.2               3.1 %      5.4 %
                                 Redemption fees                                                                                         0.5               0.9                0.7            (44.4)     (28.6)
                                                                                                                                      249.4             242.4              236.9               2.9        5.3
                               Dealer compensation expenses
                                 Asset-based compensation                                                                              (81.8)            (80.2)             (77.9)             2.0        5.0
                               Net asset management fees – third party                                                                167.6             162.2               159.0              3.3        5.4
                               Asset management fees – Wealth Management                                                                31.1              29.1               28.8              6.9        8.0
                               Net asset management                                                                                   198.7             191.3               187.8              3.9        5.8
                               Net investment income and other                                                                           5.0               4.0                2.5            25.0       100.0
                                                                                                                                      203.7             195.3               190.3              4.3        7.0
                              Expenses
                               Advisory and business development                                                                        19.8              21.4               19.0             (7.5)       4.2
                               Operations and support                                                                                   95.1             90.4                86.9              5.2        9.4
                               Sub-advisory                                                                                              1.4               1.4                1.2                –       16.7
                                                                                                                                      116.3             113.2               107.1              2.7        8.6
                              Adjusted earnings before interest and taxes(1)                                                            87.4              82.1               83.2              6.5        5.0
                              Interest expense                                                                                           6.6               6.5                6.6              1.5           –
                              Adjusted earnings before income taxes(1)                                                                  80.8              75.6               76.6              6.9        5.5
                              Income taxes                                                                                              21.4              19.7               20.1              8.6        6.5
                              Adjusted net earnings(1)                                                                          $       59.4      $       55.9     $         56.5              6.3 %      5.1 %

                              Nine months ended                                                                                                                               2024             2023
                              ($ millions)                                                                                                                                  Sep. 30          Sep. 30   Change
                              Revenues
                               Asset management
                                 Asset management fees – third party                                                                                                   $     728.6      $     703.7       3.5 %
                                 Redemption fees                                                                                                                                  2.0            2.4    (16.7)
                                                                                                                                                                             730.6            706.1       3.5
                               Dealer compensation expenses
                                 Asset-based compensation                                                                                                                   (241.3)          (235.4)      2.5
                               Net asset management fees – third party                                                                                                       489.3            470.7       4.0
                               Asset management fees – Wealth Management                                                                                                      89.3             85.6       4.3
                               Net asset management                                                                                                                          578.6            556.3       4.0
                               Net investment income and other                                                                                                                15.5               8.0     93.8
                                                                                                                                                                             594.1           564.3        5.3
                              Expenses
                               Advisory and business development                                                                                                              62.6             62.7       (0.2)
                               Operations and support                                                                                                                        273.6            268.6       1.9
                               Sub-advisory                                                                                                                                       4.1            3.4     20.6




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                                                                                                                                                             340.3            334.7       1.7
                              Adjusted earnings before interest and taxes (1)                                                                                                253.8            229.6      10.5
                              Interest expense                                                                                                                                19.6             18.5       5.9
                              Adjusted earnings before income taxes(1)                                                                                                       234.2            211.1      10.9
                              Income taxes                                                                                                                                    61.6             56.1       9.8
                              Adjusted net earnings(1)                                                                                                                 $     172.6      $     155.0      11.4 %

                              (1) A non-IFRS financial measure – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures section of this document.




                                                                         Management's Discussion and Analysis | IGM Financial Inc. 2024 Third Quarter Report                                                      41
                              C  38                                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
     partially offset by a decrease in the net asset management                               functions. These expenses primarily reflect compensation,
     fee rate. Mackenzie’s net asset management fee rate was                                  technology and other service provider expenses. Operations
     52.9 basis points for the three months ended September 30,                               and support expenses were $95.1 million for the three months
     2024, compared to 54.8 basis points in the comparative period                            ended September 30, 2024, an increase of $8.2 million or 9.4%
     in 2023.                                                                                 from $86.9 million in 2023. Expenses for the nine months
                                                                                              ended September 30, 2024 were $273.6 million, an increase of
     Net asset management fees – third party were $489.3 million
                                                                                              $5.0 million or 1.9% from $268.6 million last year.
     for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, an increase of
     $18.6 million or 4.0% from $470.7 million last year. The increase                        Sub-advisory expenses were $1.4 million for the three months
     in net asset management fees – third party was primarily due                             ended September 30, 2024, compared to $1.2 million in 2023.
     to a 6.4% increase in average AUM, as shown in Table 14, offset                          Expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 were
     by a decrease in the net management fee rate. Mackenzie’s net                            $4.1 million, compared to $3.4 million last year.
     asset management fee rate was 53.0 basis points for the nine
     months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 54.5 basis                                  Interest Expense
     points in the comparative period in 2023.                                                Interest expense, which includes allocated interest expense
                                                                                              on long‑term debt and interest expense on leases, totalled
     Asset management fees – Wealth Management were
                                                                                              $6.6 million in the third quarter of 2024, consistent with
     $31.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024,
                                                                                              last year. Interest expense for the nine month period was
     an increase of $2.3 million or 8.0% from $28.8 million last year.
                                                                                              $19.6 million compared to $18.5 million in 2023. Long-term
     The increase in management fees was due to a 7.1% increase in
                                                                                              debt interest expense is calculated based on an allocation of
     average AUM. Mackenzie’s management fee rate was 15.1 basis
                                                                                              IGM Financial’s long-term debt to Mackenzie. The allocation
     points for the three months ended September 30, 2024
                                                                                              of debt increased to $450 million during the second quarter
     compared to 15.0 basis points in the comparative period in 2023.
                                                                                              of 2023, as a result of the issuance of long-term debt by
     Asset management fees – Wealth Management were                                           IGM Financial. Previously, the allocation was $400 million.
     $89.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024,
     an increase of $3.7 million or 4.3% from $85.6 million last year.                        Q3 2024 VS. Q2 2024
     The increase in management fees was due to a 4.4% increase in
     average AUM. Mackenzie’s management fee rate was 14.9 basis                              Revenues
     points for the nine months ended September 30, 2024,                                     Net asset management fees – third party were $167.6 million
     compared to 15.0 basis points in the comparative period in 2023.                         for the current quarter, an increase of $5.4 million or 3.3%
                                                                                              from $162.2 million in the second quarter of 2024. Factors
     Net investment income and other primarily includes investment
                                                                                              contributing to the net increase were:
     returns related to Mackenzie’s investments in proprietary
     funds. These investments are generally made in the process                               • Average AUM were $125.7 billion in the current quarter, an
     of launching a fund and are sold as third party investors                                  increase of 2.4% from the prior quarter.
     subscribe. Net investment income and other was $5.0 million                              • There was one additional calendar day in the third quarter
     for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to                                  compared to the second quarter, which resulted in an
     $2.5 million last year, and was $15.5 million for the nine months                          increase of asset management fees of $2.7 million.
     ended September 30, 2024 compared to $8.0 million last year.                             • Net asset management fee rate was 52.9 basis points for
                                                                                                the current quarter compared to 53.0 basis points in the
     Expenses                                                                                   second quarter.
     Mackenzie incurs advisory and business development expenses
                                                                                              Asset management fees – Wealth Management were $31.1 million,
     that primarily include wholesale distribution activities and
                                                                                              an increase of $2.0 million or 6.9% from $29.1 million in the




                                                                                                                                                                    PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
     these costs vary directly with assets or sales levels. Advisory
                                                                                              second quarter. Factors contributing to the net increase were:
     and business development expenses were $19.8 million for
     the three months ended September 30, 2024, an increase of                                • Average AUM were $81.8 billion in the current quarter, an
     $0.8 million or 4.2% from $19.0 million in 2023. Expenses for                              increase of 3.6% from the prior quarter.
     the nine months ended September 30, 2024 were $62.6 million,                             • Asset management fee rate was 15.1 basis points for the
     a decrease of $0.1 million or 0.2% from $62.7 million last year.                           current quarter compared to 14.8 basis points in the
                                                                                                second quarter.
     Operations and support includes costs associated with
     business operations, including technology and business                                   Net investment income and other was $5.0 million for the
     processes, in‑house investment management and product                                    current quarter, compared to $4.0 million in the second quarter.
     shelf management, corporate management and support




42 IGM Financial Inc. 2024 Third Quarter Report | Management's Discussion and Analysis
                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                              C  39
                              Expenses                                                                                     $22.4 million in 2023 and $28.9 million in the prior quarter.
                              Advisory and business development expenses were                                              Adjusted net earnings for the nine months ended were
                              $19.8 million for the current quarter, compared to $21.4 million                             $90.3 million, compared to $78.4 million in 2023.
                              in the second quarter.
                                                                                                                           The proportionate share of associates’ earnings consists of
                              Operations and support expenses were $95.1 million for                                       equity earnings from ChinaAMC and Northleaf.
                              the current quarter, an increase of $4.7 million or 5.2% from
                                                                                                                           The Company’s share of ChinaAMC’s earnings were $32.9 million
                              $90.4 million in the second quarter.
                                                                                                                           in the third quarter of 2024 compared to $24.6 million in the
                              Sub-advisory expenses were $1.4 million for the current                                      comparable period in 2023, and were $88.1 million in the nine
                              quarter, consistent with the second quarter.                                                 month period of 2024, compared to $80.4 million in 2023.

                                                                                                                           The Company’s share of Northleaf’s earnings were $3.4 million
                              Asset Management Strategic Investments                                                       in the third quarter of 2024 compared to $0.5 million in the
                                                                                                                           comparable period in 2023, and were $15.8 million in the nine
                              Asset Management strategic investment’s adjusted net
                                                                                                                           month period of 2024, compared to $8.7 million in 2023. This is
                              earnings are presented within Table 18. Adjusted net earnings
                                                                                                                           offset by non-controlling interest as reflected in the table.
                              for the third quarter of 2024 were $31.9 million, compared to



                              Table 18: Operating Results – Asset Management Strategic Investments

                                                                                                                                                                                                          Change
                              Three months ended                                                                                       2024              2024                2023             2024          2023
                              ($ millions)                                                                                           Sep. 30           Jun. 30             Sep. 30          Jun. 30       Sep. 30

                              Revenues
                               Net investment income and other                                                                  $           –     $       (0.8)    $              –         100.0 %            –%
                               Proportionate share of associates’ earnings
                                 ChinaAMC                                                                                               32.9             28.3                24.6             16.3          33.7
                                 Northleaf                                                                                               3.4               5.3                0.5            (35.8)         N/M
                                                                                                                                        36.3             33.6                25.1              8.0          44.6
                                                                                                                                        36.3             32.8                25.1             10.7          44.6
                              Expenses
                               Operations and support                                                                                    0.6               0.4                0.3            50.0          100.0
                              Adjusted earnings before income taxes(1)                                                                  35.7              32.4               24.8             10.2          44.0
                              Income taxes                                                                                               3.1               2.4                2.3            29.2           34.8
                              Adjusted net earnings(1)                                                                                  32.6             30.0                22.5              8.7          44.9
                              Non‑controlling interest                                                                                   0.7               1.1                0.1            (36.4)         N/M
                              Adjusted net earnings available to common shareholders(1)                                         $       31.9      $       28.9     $         22.4             10.4 %        42.4 %

                              Nine months ended                                                                                                                               2024             2023
                              ($ millions)                                                                                                                                  Sep. 30          Sep. 30      Change

                              Revenues
                               Net investment income and other                                                                                                         $       (0.8)    $             –     N/M %
                               Proportionate share of associates’ earnings
                                 ChinaAMC                                                                                                                                     88.1             80.4          9.6
                                 Northleaf                                                                                                                                    15.8               8.7        81.6




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                                                                                                                                                             103.9             89.1         16.6
                                                                                                                                                                             103.1             89.1         15.7
                              Expenses
                               Operations and support                                                                                                                             1.4            1.4           –
                              Adjusted earnings before income taxes(1)                                                                                                       101.7             87.7         16.0
                              Income taxes                                                                                                                                        8.2            7.6         7.9
                              Adjusted net earnings(1)                                                                                                                        93.5             80.1         16.7
                              Non‑controlling interest                                                                                                                            3.2            1.7        88.2
                              Adjusted net earnings available to common shareholders(1)                                                                                $      90.3      $      78.4         15.2 %
                              (1) A non-IFRS financial measure – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures section of this document.




                                                                         Management's Discussion and Analysis | IGM Financial Inc. 2024 Third Quarter Report                                                         43
                              C  40                                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
     Corporate and Other
     Review of Segment Operating Results

     The Corporate and Other segment includes the Company’s                                      2024 vs. 2023
     investments in Lifeco and Portage Ventures LPs (Portage), and
                                                                                                 The proportionate share of Lifeco’s base earnings was
     unallocated capital.
                                                                                                 $25.3 million, an increase of $1.9 million in the third quarter
     Adjusted earnings from the Corporate and Other segment                                      of 2024 compared to the third quarter of 2023, and were
     include the Company’s proportionate share of Lifeco’s base                                  $73.7 million for the nine month period of 2024, compared to
     earnings, an alternate measure Lifeco uses to understand                                    $64.2 million in 2023. The proportionate share of Lifeco’s net
     the underlying business performance compared to IFRS net                                    earnings was $20.4 million, an increase of $7.7 million in the
     earnings. Lifeco’s financial information can be obtained in its                             third quarter of 2024 compared to the third quarter of 2023,
     disclosure materials filed on www.sedarplus.ca. Comparative                                 and were $66.8 million for the nine month period of 2024, an
     periods have been restated to reflect this change. Net                                      increase of $19.0 million compared to last year. These earnings
     investment income on unallocated capital and consolidation                                  reflect the proportionate share of equity earnings from Lifeco,
     elimination entries are also included in this segment.                                      as discussed in the Consolidated Financial Position section
                                                                                                 of this MD&A. In the fourth quarter of 2023 and in 2024, the
     At September 30, 2024, the Company held a 2.4% equity interest
                                                                                                 Company recorded its proportionate share of Lifeco earnings
     in Lifeco. IGM Financial and Lifeco are controlled by Power.
                                                                                                 based on actual earnings. In the first three quarters of 2023,
     Portage consists of early-stage investment funds dedicated                                  the Company recorded its proportionate share of Lifeco
     to backing innovating financial services companies and are                                  earnings using consensus analysts’ earnings estimates, as
     controlled by Power.                                                                        Lifeco had reported quarterly earnings after the Company.

     In addition to Lifeco and other investments held by the                                     Net investment income and other was $4.0 million in the third
     Company, the Corporate and Other segment includes                                           quarter of 2024, an increase of $0.8 million from $3.2 million
     unallocated capital which totalled $452.4 million at                                        in 2023. For the nine month period, net investment income
     September 30, 2024 compared to $282.3 million at                                            and other was $11.9 million, an increase of $2.5 million from
     December 31, 2023, as detailed in Table 19.                                                 $9.4 million in 2023.

     Unallocated capital represents capital not allocated to any of
     the operating companies and which would be available for                                    Q3 2024 VS. Q2 2024
     investment, debt repayment, distribution to shareholders or
                                                                                                 The proportionate share of Lifeco’s base earnings was
     other corporate purposes. This capital is invested in highly
                                                                                                 $25.3 million in the third quarter of 2024, an increase
     liquid, high quality financial instruments in accordance with
                                                                                                 of $0.8 million from the second quarter of 2024. The
     the Company’s Investment Policy.
                                                                                                 proportionate share of Lifeco’s net earnings was $20.4 million,
     Corporate and Other segment adjusted net earnings are                                       a decrease of $3.2 million from the second quarter of 2024.
     presented in Table 20.




                                                                                                                                                                             PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
     Table 19: Total Assets – Corporate and Other

     ($ millions)                                                                                                                   September 30, 2024   December 31, 2023

     Investments in associate
      Lifeco                                                                                                                              $     619.1         $     589.3
     FVTOCI investments
      Portage and other investments                                                                                                             142.5               114.7
     Unallocated capital                                                                                                                        452.4               282.3
     Total assets                                                                                                                         $   1,214.0         $     986.3
     Lifeco fair value                                                                                                                    $   1,020.9         $     970.9




44 IGM Financial Inc. 2024 Third Quarter Report | Management's Discussion and Analysis
                                      P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                   C  41
                              Table 20: Operating Results – Corporate and Other

                                                                                                                                                                                                         Change
                              Three months ended                                                                                       2024              2024                2023              2024        2023
                              ($ millions)                                                                                           Sep. 30           Jun. 30             Sep. 30           Jun. 30     Sep. 30

                              Revenues
                               Wealth Management                                                                                $       (2.5)     $       (2.3)    $          (1.7)            (8.7)%      (47.1)%
                               Asset management                                                                                        (27.1)            (25.7)             (25.8)             (5.4)        (5.0)
                               Dealer compensation expense                                                                              (1.0)             (0.9)               (0.7)            11.1        42.9
                               Net asset management                                                                                    (28.1)            (26.6)             (26.5)             (5.6)        (6.0)
                               Net investment income and other                                                                           4.0               4.1                3.2              (2.4)       25.0
                               Proportionate share of Lifeco’s base earnings                                                            25.3              24.5               23.4               3.3         8.1
                                                                                                                                        (1.3)             (0.3)               (1.6)           N/M          18.8
                              Expenses
                               Operations and support                                                                                    0.4               0.8                0.4             (50.0)           –
                               Sub-advisory                                                                                            (30.5)            (28.8)             (28.2)             (5.9)        (8.2)
                                                                                                                                       (30.1)            (28.0)             (27.8)             (7.5)        (8.3)
                              Adjusted earnings before income taxes(1)                                                                  28.8              27.7               26.2               4.0         9.9
                              Income taxes                                                                                               0.9               0.8               (3.2)             12.5        N/M
                              Adjusted net earnings – continuing operations(1)                                                          27.9              26.9               29.4               3.7         (5.1)
                              Net earnings – discontinued operations                                                                        –                 –               (6.0)               –       100.0
                              Adjusted net earnings(1)                                                                          $       27.9      $       26.9     $         23.4               3.7 %      19.2 %

                              Nine months ended                                                                                                                               2024              2023
                              ($ millions)                                                                                                                                  Sep. 30           Sep. 30    Change

                              Revenues
                               Wealth Management                                                                                                                       $       (6.7)     $       (4.8)    (39.6)%
                               Asset management                                                                                                                               (78.8)           (77.0)       (2.3)
                               Dealer compensation expense                                                                                                                     (2.7)             (2.0)     35.0
                               Net asset management                                                                                                                           (81.5)           (79.0)      (3.2)
                               Net investment income and other                                                                                                                11.9                9.4      26.6
                               Proportionate share of Lifeco’s base earnings                                                                                                  73.7              64.2       14.8
                                                                                                                                                                               (2.6)            (10.2)     74.5
                              Expenses
                               Operations and support                                                                                                                             1.6             1.0      60.0
                               Sub-advisory                                                                                                                                   (88.1)           (83.8)       (5.1)
                                                                                                                                                                              (86.5)           (82.8)       (4.5)
                              Adjusted earnings before income taxes(1)                                                                                                        83.9              72.6       15.6
                              Income taxes                                                                                                                                        2.6            (1.3)     N/M
                              Adjusted net earnings – continuing operations(1)                                                                                                81.3              73.9       10.0
                              Net earnings – discontinued operations                                                                                                                 –           (8.0)    100.0
                              Adjusted net earnings(1)                                                                                                                 $      81.3       $      65.9       23.4 %
                              (1) A non-IFRS financial measure – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures section of this document.




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.




                                                                         Management's Discussion and Analysis | IGM Financial Inc. 2024 Third Quarter Report                                                         45
                              C  42                                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
     IGM Financial Inc.
     Consolidated Financial Position
     IGM Financial’s total assets were $19.1 billion at September 30,                               performance and revised revenue expectations, as well as a
     2024, compared to $18.7 billion at December 31, 2023.                                          third party secondary transaction expected to close in the fourth
                                                                                                    quarter. Fair value is determined by using observable transactions
                                                                                                    in the investments’ securities where available, discounted cash
     Other Investments
                                                                                                    flows, and other valuation metrics, including revenue multiples
     The composition of the Company’s securities holdings is                                        used in the valuation of comparable public companies.
     detailed in Table 21.
                                                                                                    Wealthsimple’s total assets under administration were
                                                                                                    $52.1 billion at September 30, 2024, representing an increase of
     Fair Value Through Other
                                                                                                    68.1% from $31.0 billion at December 31, 2023.
     Comprehensive Income (FVTOCI)
     Gains and losses on FVTOCI investments are recorded in Other                                   Fair Value Through Profit or Loss (FVTPL)
     comprehensive income.
                                                                                                    Securities classified as FVTPL include equity securities and
     Corporate Investments                                                                          proprietary investment funds. Gains and losses are recorded
     Corporate investments is primarily comprised of the Company’s                                  in Net investment income and other in the Consolidated
     investments in Wealthsimple and Portage and are recorded                                       Statements of Earnings.
     at FVTOCI.                                                                                     Certain proprietary investment funds are consolidated where
     The total fair value of Corporate investments of $1,341 million                                the Company has made the assessment that it controls the
     at September 30, 2024 is presented net of certain costs                                        investment fund. The underlying securities of these funds are
     incurred within the limited partnership structures holding the                                 classified as FVTPL.
     underlying investments.
                                                                                                    Loans
     Wealthsimple Financial Corp.
     Wealthsimple is a financial company that provides simple digital                               The composition of the Company’s loans is detailed in Table 22.
     tools for growing and managing your money. The Company’s                                       Loans consisted of residential mortgages and represented
     investment in Wealthsimple is primarily held through a limited                                 28.1% of total assets at September 30, 2024, compared to
     partnership controlled by Power. The investment is classified at                               27.4% at December 31, 2023.
     FVTOCI. IGM Financial Inc. holds directly and indirectly a 27.3%
     interest in Wealthsimple (December 31, 2023 – 28.7%).                                          Loans measured at amortized cost are primarily comprised of
                                                                                                    residential mortgages sold to securitization programs sponsored
     At September 30, 2024, the Company increased the fair value of its                             by third parties that in turn issue securities to investors. An
     investment in Wealthsimple to $1,219 million (December 31, 2023                                offsetting liability, Obligations to securitization entities, has
     – $607 million). The increase in fair value is consistent with the                             been recorded and totalled $4.8 billion at September 30, 2024,
     increase in public market peer valuations, Wealthsimple’s business                             compared to $4.7 billion at December 31, 2023.



     Table 21: Other Investments




                                                                                                                                                                                           PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                                                                                                                        September 30, 2024          December 31, 2023
     ($ millions)                                                                                                                       Cost     Fair Value        Cost       Fair Value

     Fair value through other comprehensive income
      Corporate investments                                                                                                   $        285.5   $ 1,341.4      $   264.9   $      721.4
     Fair value through profit or loss
      Equity securities                                                                                                                  1.5           2.0         12.8            13.1
      Proprietary investment funds                                                                                                     136.4        146.0         126.5          129.1
                                                                                                                                       137.9        148.0         139.3          142.2
                                                                                                                              $        423.4   $ 1,489.4      $   404.2   $      863.6




46 IGM Financial Inc. 2024 Third Quarter Report | Management's Discussion and Analysis
                                         P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                             C  43
                              Table 22: Loans

                              ($ millions)                                                                                                                     September 30, 2024    December 31, 2023

                              Amortized cost                                                                                                                         $   5,368.0        $     5,109.4
                              Allowance for expected credit losses                                                                                                           (0.8)                (0.7)
                                                                                                                                                                     $   5,367.2        $     5,108.7




                              The Company holds loans pending sale or securitization. Loans                       In the third quarter of 2024, the Company securitized loans
                              measured at FVTPL are residential mortgages held temporarily                        through its mortgage banking operations with cash proceeds
                              by the Company pending sale. Loans held for securitization                          of $510.7 million compared to $342.6 million in 2023. Additional
                              are carried at amortized cost. Total loans being held pending                       information related to the Company’s securitization activities,
                              sale or securitization are $466.4 million at September 30, 2024,                    including the Company’s hedges of related reinvestment and
                              compared to $375.5 million at December 31, 2023.                                    interest rate risk, can be found in the Financial Risk section of
                                                                                                                  this MD&A and in Note 8 to the Interim Financial Statements.
                              Residential mortgages originated by IG Wealth Management
                              are funded primarily through sales to third parties on a fully
                              serviced basis, including Canada Mortgage and Housing                               Investment in Associates
                              Corporation (CMHC) or Canadian bank sponsored securitization                        Great-West Lifeco Inc.
                              programs. At September 30, 2024, IG Wealth Management
                                                                                                                  At September 30, 2024, the Company held a 2.4% equity interest
                              serviced $6.7 billion of residential mortgages.
                                                                                                                  in Lifeco. IGM Financial and Lifeco are controlled by Power.

                                                                                                                  The equity method is used to account for IGM Financial’s
                              Securitization Arrangements                                                         investment in Lifeco, as it exercises significant influence. Changes
                              Through the Company’s mortgage banking operations,                                  in the carrying value for the three and nine months ended
                              residential mortgages are sold to securitization trusts                             September 30, 2024 compared to 2023 are shown in Table 23.
                              sponsored by third parties that in turn issue securities to
                                                                                                                  On January 12, 2023, to partially fund the acquisition of an
                              investors. The Company securitizes residential mortgages
                                                                                                                  additional 13.9% interest in ChinaAMC, the Company sold
                              through the CMHC sponsored National Housing Act Mortgage-
                                                                                                                  15,200,662 common shares of Lifeco to Power for cash
                              Backed Securities (NHA MBS) and the Canada Mortgage Bond
                                                                                                                  consideration of $553 million, which reduced the Company’s
                              (CMB) Program and through Canadian bank-sponsored asset-
                                                                                                                  equity interest in Lifeco from 4.0% to 2.4%. IGM Financial’s
                              backed commercial paper (ABCP) programs. The Company
                                                                                                                  accounting gain on the sale of the Lifeco shares is $172.9 million
                              retains servicing responsibilities and certain elements
                                                                                                                  before-tax ($168.6 million after tax), consisting of $179.1 million
                              of credit risk and prepayment risk associated with the
                                                                                                                  recorded in the first quarter of 2023 and a decrease of
                              transferred assets. The Company’s credit risk on its securitized
                                                                                                                  $6.2 million that was recorded in the second quarter of 2023.
                              mortgages is partially mitigated through the use of insurance.
                              Derecognition of financial assets in accordance with IFRS is
                                                                                                                  China Asset Management Co., Ltd.
                              based on the transfer of risks and rewards of ownership. As the
                                                                                                                  The equity method is used to account for the Company’s 27.8%
                              Company has retained prepayment risk and certain elements
                                                                                                                  equity interest in ChinaAMC, as it exercises significant influence.
                              of credit risk associated with the Company’s securitization
                                                                                                                  Changes in the carrying value for the three and nine months
                              transactions through the CMB and ABCP programs, they are
                                                                                                                  ended September 30, 2024 are shown in Table 23. The change
                              accounted for as secured borrowings. The Company records
                                                                                                                  in Other comprehensive income of positive $42.9 million in the




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                              the transactions under these programs as follows: i) the
                                                                                                                  three months ended September 30, 2024, was due to a 2.3%
                              mortgages and related obligations are carried at amortized
                                                                                                                  appreciation of the Chinese yuan relative to the Canadian dollar.
                              cost, with interest income and interest expense, utilizing the
                              effective interest rate method, recorded over the term of the                       ChinaAMC’s total assets under management, excluding
                              mortgages, ii) the component of swaps entered into under the                        subsidiary assets under management, were RMB¥ 2,358.2 billion
                              CMB Program whereby the Company pays coupons on Canada                              ($454.4 billion) at September 30, 2024, representing an increase
                              Mortgage Bonds and receives investment returns on the                               of 29.3% (CAD 33.3%) from RMB¥ 1,823.6 billion ($341.0 billion)
                              reinvestment of repaid mortgage principal, are recorded at fair                     at December 31, 2023. Investment fund net flows, which exclude
                              value, and iii) cash reserves held under the ABCP program are                       subsidiary and institutional assets under management, were
                              carried at amortized cost.                                                          RMB¥ 29.6 billion and RMB¥ 294.7 billion for the three and nine




                                                                     Management's Discussion and Analysis | IGM Financial Inc. 2024 Third Quarter Report                                                  47
                              C  44                                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
     Table 23: Investment in Associates

                                                                                                Sep. 30, 2024                                                                     Sep. 30, 2023
     ($ millions)                 Lifeco   ChinaAMC Rockefeller        Northleaf          Other          Total        Lifeco    ChinaAMC        Rockefeller   Northleaf       Other       Total

     Three months ended
     Carrying value,
     July 1                   $   609.4    $ 1,880.8    $    862.2     $   306.3 $         47.7 $ 3,706.4 $ 584.2               $ 1,794.0 $         841.9     $   292.7   $   39.3 $ 3,552.1
      Investment                      –             –             –              –         11.5          11.5               –           0.3            0.6            –           –        0.9
      Dividends                   (12.3)            –             –              –             –        (12.3)         (11.5)               –            –            –           –      (11.5)
      Proportionate
      share of:
        Earnings
        (losses) (1)(2)            20.4         32.9           (0.3)           3.4           0.1         56.5           12.7          24.6             1.2          0.5        (0.5)      38.5
        Other
        comprehensive
        income (loss)
        and other
        adjustments                 1.6         42.9           (9.9)             –             –         34.6           (6.6)         34.0           20.5             –           –       47.9
     Carrying value,
     September 30             $   619.1    $ 1,956.6    $    852.0     $   309.7 $         59.3 $ 3,796.7 $           578.8     $ 1,852.9 $ 864.2             $   293.2   $   38.8 $ 3,627.9


     Nine months ended
     Carrying value,
     January 1                $   589.3    $ 1,885.3    $    844.8     $   301.8 $         38.0 $ 3,659.2 $           939.5     $    787.2 $             –    $   284.5   $   40.1 $ 2,051.3
      Investment                      –             –           0.1              –         21.5          21.6               –       1,161.8        856.2              –         0.5    2,018.5
      Disposition                     –             –             –              –             –             –       (397.7)                –            –            –           –     (397.7)
      Dividends                   (36.9)       (72.9)             –           (7.9)            –       (117.7)        (34.5)          (69.2)             –            –           –     (103.7)
      Proportionate
      share of:
        Earnings
        (losses) (1)(2)(3 )        66.8         88.1         (10.8)          15.8           (0.2)       159.7           47.8          80.4            (0.7)         8.7        (1.8)    134.4
        IFRS 17
        adjustment                    –             –             –              –             –             –          15.1                –            –            –           –       15.1
        Other
        comprehensive
        income (loss)
        and other
        adjustments                (0.1)        56.1          17.9               –             –         73.9            8.6        (107.3)            8.7            –           –      (90.0)
     Carrying value,
     September 30             $   619.1    $ 1,956.6    $    852.0     $   309.7 $         59.3 $ 3,796.7 $           578.8     $ 1,852.9 $ 864.2             $   293.2   $   38.8 $ 3,627.9

     (1) The proportionate share of earnings from the Company’s investment in associates is recorded in the Wealth Management, Asset Management and Corporate and Other
         segment. The proportionate share of Lifeco earnings includes Lifeco other items of ($4.9) million and ($6.9) million, respectively, for the three and nine month periods of
         2024 compared to ($10.7) million and ($16.4) million, respectively, in 2023.
     (2) The Company’s proportionate share of Northleaf’s earnings, net of Non-controlling interest, was $2.7 million and $12.6 million, respectively, for the three and nine month
         periods of 2024 compared to $0.4 million and $7.0 million, respectively, in 2023.
     (3) The proportionate share of Rockefeller includes Rockefeller debt refinancing of ($3.3) million for the nine month period of 2024.




                                                                                                                                                                                                  PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
     month periods ended September 30, 2024, respectively (net                                           significant influence arising from board representation,
     flows obtained from Wind Information Co., Ltd.).                                                    participation in the policy making process and shared
                                                                                                         strategic initiatives.
     On January 12, 2023, the Company acquired an additional 13.9%
     interest in ChinaAMC for cash consideration of $1.15 billion                                        Rockefeller’s client assets were USD $148.9 billion
     from Power which increased the Company’s equity interest in                                         ($201.4 billion) at September 30, 2024, representing an increase
     ChinaAMC from 13.9% to 27.8%.                                                                       of 21.9% (CAD 24.6%) from USD $122.1 billion ($161.6 billion) at
                                                                                                         December 31, 2023.
     Rockefeller Capital Management
                                                                                                         On April 3, 2023, the Company acquired a 20.5% equity
     The financial results of Rockefeller are accounted for using
                                                                                                         interest in Rockefeller for cash consideration of $835 million
     the equity method of accounting as the Company exercises
                                                                                                         (USD $622 million).




48 IGM Financial Inc. 2024 Third Quarter Report | Management's Discussion and Analysis
                                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                               C  45
                              Northleaf Capital Group Ltd.                                                         The Company controls the acquisition vehicle therefore it
                              The Company, through an acquisition vehicle held by the                              recognizes the full 70% economic interest in Northleaf and
                              Company’s subsidiary, Mackenzie, holds a 49.9% voting interest                       recognizes Non-controlling interest (NCI) related to Lifeco’s net
                              and a 70% economic interest in Northleaf. The acquisition                            interest in Northleaf of 14%.
                              vehicle is owned 80% by Mackenzie and 20% by Lifeco.
                                                                                                                   Northleaf’s assets under management, including invested
                              Mackenzie and Lifeco have an obligation and right to purchase                        capital and uninvested commitments, were $29.6 billion as at
                              the remaining equity and voting interest in Northleaf                                September 30, 2024, representing an increase of $3.0 billion or
                              commencing in approximately five years from the acquisition                          11.3% from $26.6 billion at December 31, 2023. The increase
                              date and extending into future periods. The equity method                            during the nine month period was driven by $4.0 billion in
                              is used to account for the acquisition vehicle’s 70% economic                        new commitments and $0.4 billion related to foreign exchange
                              interest as it exercises significant influence. Significant                          on USD denominated assets, offset in part by a decrease of
                              influence arises from board representation, participating in the                     $1.4 billion related to return of capital.
                              policy making process and shared strategic initiatives.




                              Consolidated Liquidity and Capital Resources
                              Liquidity
                                                                                                                   compared to $358.2 million at December 31, 2023 and
                              Cash and cash equivalents totalled $640.1 million at                                 $254.1 million at September 30, 2023 (Table 25).
                              September 30, 2024 compared to $544.6 million at
                              December 31, 2023 and $517.2 million at September 30, 2023.                          Working capital, which includes unallocated capital, is utilized to:
                              Cash and cash equivalents related to the Company’s deposit                           • Finance ongoing operations, including the funding of
                              operations were $2.1 million at September 30, 2024, compared                           sales commissions.
                              to $0.6 million at December 31, 2023 and $1.0 million at                             • Temporarily finance mortgages in its mortgage banking
                              September 30, 2023, as shown in Table 24.                                              operations.

                              Client funds on deposit represents cash balances held by                             • Pay interest related to long-term debt.
                              clients within their investment accounts and with the offset                         • Maintain liquidity requirements for regulated entities.
                              included in Deposit liabilities.                                                     • Pay quarterly dividends on its outstanding common shares.

                              Working capital, which consists of current assets less current                       • Finance common share repurchases and retirement of
                              liabilities, totalled $466.8 million at September 30, 2024,                            long‑term debt.
                                                                                                                   • Capital investment in the business and business acquisitions.




                              Table 24: Deposit Operations – Financial Position

                                                                                                                                                                      2024            2023          2023
                              ($ millions)                                                                                                                          Sep. 30         Dec. 31       Sep. 30




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                              Assets
                               Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                       $          2.1   $       0.6   $       1.0
                               Client funds on deposit                                                                                                             2,722.0          3,365.7       3,520.3
                               Accounts and other receivables                                                                                                             2.7           0.7           0.5
                               Loans                                                                                                                                      8.2           9.3           9.5
                              Total assets                                                                                                                     $ 2,735.0        $ 3,376.3     $ 3,531.3
                              Liabilities and shareholders’ equity
                               Deposit liabilities                                                                                                             $ 2,725.9        $ 3,344.2     $ 3,497.8
                               Other liabilities                                                                                                                           –          23.3          24.3
                               Shareholders’ equity                                                                                                                       9.1           8.8           9.2
                              Total liabilities and shareholders’ equity                                                                                       $ 2,735.0        $ 3,376.3     $ 3,531.3




                                                                      Management's Discussion and Analysis | IGM Financial Inc. 2024 Third Quarter Report                                                   49
                              C  46                                         P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
     IGM Financial continues to generate significant cash flows from                             by $185.9 million in the third quarter of 2024 compared to an
     its operations. Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and                           increase of $106.5 million in 2023. For the nine months ended
     amortization before sales commissions (EBITDA before sales                                  September 30, 2024, cash and cash equivalents increased by
     commissions), a non‑IFRS measure (see Non‑IFRS Financial                                    $95.5 million, compared to a decrease of $515.8 million in 2023.
     Measures and Other Financial Measures), totalled $398.1 million                             Cash and cash equivalents from discontinued operations of
     for the third quarter of 2024 compared to $373.0 million for                                $39.9 million have been reclassified as assets held for sale on
     the third quarter of 2023 and $365.4 million for the second                                 the balance sheet at September 30, 2023.
     quarter of 2024. For the nine months ended September 30,
                                                                                                 Adjustments to determine net cash from operating activities
     2024, EBITDA before sales commissions totalled $1,138.0 million
                                                                                                 during the three and nine month periods of 2024 compared
     compared to $1,074.8 million for the comparative period of
                                                                                                 to 2023 consist of non-cash operating activities offset by cash
     2023. EBITDA before sales commissions excludes the impact of
                                                                                                 operating activities:
     both commissions paid and commission amortization (Table 1).
                                                                                                 • The add‑back of amortization of capitalized sales commissions
     Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization                                offset by the deduction of capitalized sales commissions paid.
     after sales commissions (EBITDA after sales commissions),                                   • The add‑back of amortization of capital, intangible and
     a non‑IFRS measure (see Non‑IFRS Financial Measures and                                       other assets.
     Other Financial Measures), totalled $368.1 million in the
                                                                                                 • The deduction of investment in associates’ equity earnings
     third quarter of 2024 compared to $342.8 million in the third
                                                                                                     offset by dividends received.
     quarter of 2023 and $333.3 million in the second quarter of
                                                                                                 • The add-back of pension and other post-employment
     2024. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, EBITDA
                                                                                                     benefits offset by cash contributions.
     after sales commissions totalled $1,042.7 million compared
     to $984.8 million for the comparative period of 2023. EBITDA                                • Changes in operating assets and liabilities and other.
     after sales commissions excludes the impact of commission                                   • The adjustment for other items in 2023 which included the
     amortization (Table 1).                                                                       gain on the partial sale of the Company’s investment in Lifeco.
                                                                                                 • The add-back of a one-time adjustment in 2023 in respect of
     Refer to the Financial Risk section of this MD&A for information
                                                                                                   a restructuring provision and other.
     related to other sources of liquidity and to the Company’s
     exposure to and management of liquidity and funding risk.                                   • The deduction of restructuring provision cash payments.

                                                                                                 Financing activities during the third quarter of 2024 compared
     Cash Flows                                                                                  to 2023 related to:
     Table 26 – Cash Flows is a summary of the Consolidated                                      • An increase in obligations to securitization entities
     Statements of Cash Flows which forms part of the Interim                                      of $508.8 million and repayments of obligations to
     Financial Statements for the three and nine month periods                                     securitization entities of $315.3 million in 2024 compared
     ended September 30, 2024. Cash and cash equivalents increased                                   to an increase in obligations to securitization entities of




     Table 25: Working Capital

                                                                                                                                          2024          2023          2023
     ($ millions)                                                                                                                       Sep. 30       Dec. 31       Sep. 30

     Current assets
      Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                     $    640.1    $    544.6    $     517.2




                                                                                                                                                                              PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
      Client funds on deposit                                                                                                           2,722.0       3,365.7       3,520.3
      Accounts receivable and other assets                                                                                               421.9         431.6         438.2
      Current portion of securitized mortgages and other                                                                                1,151.5       1,020.8       1,101.6
                                                                                                                                        4,935.5       5,362.7       5,577.3
     Current liabilities
      Accounts and other payables                                                                                                        708.0          712.9         711.5
      Deposits and certificates                                                                                                         2,725.9       3,343.1       3,496.7
      Current portion of obligations to securitization entities and other                                                               1,034.8        948.5        1,115.0
                                                                                                                                        4,468.7       5,004.5       5,323.2
     Working capital                                                                                                                $    466.8    $    358.2    $    254.1




50 IGM Financial Inc. 2024 Third Quarter Report | Management's Discussion and Analysis
                                      P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                    C  47
                              Table 26: Cash Flows

                                                                                                            Three months ended September 30                             Nine months ended September 30
                              ($ millions)                                                                2024              2023           Change                    2024              2023     Change

                              Operating activities
                               Earnings before income taxes                                       $      311.1      $      269.7              15.4 %         $      883.7       $     891.8       (0.9)%
                               Income taxes paid                                                         (30.7)             (51.4)            40.3                 (142.9)           (179.7)      20.5
                               Adjustments to determine net cash from operating activities                61.0              12.3              N/M                    53.4            (103.0)      N/M
                                                                                                         341.4             230.6              48.0                  794.2             609.1       30.4
                              Financing activities                                                        48.0                8.8             N/M                  (332.0)            494.4       N/M
                              Investing activities                                                      (203.5)           (132.9)             (53.1)               (366.7)          (1,619.3)     77.4
                              Change in cash and cash equivalents                                        185.9             106.5              74.6                   95.5            (515.8)      N/M
                              Cash and cash equivalents from continuing and discontinued
                              operations, beginning of period                                            454.2             450.6                0.8                 544.6           1,072.9      (49.2)
                              Cash and cash equivalents, end of period                                   640.1             557.1              14.9                  640.1             557.1       14.9
                              Less: Cash and cash equivalents from discontinued
                              operations, end of period                                                       –             39.9            (100.0)                         –          39.9     (100.0)
                              Cash and cash equivalents, end of period – continuing
                              operations                                                          $      640.1      $      517.2              23.8 %         $      640.1       $     517.2       23.8 %




                                 $519.9 million and repayments of obligations to securitization                          in 2024 compared to $20.1 million and $14.4 million,
                                 entities of $373.0 million in 2023.                                                     respectively, in 2023.
                              • The purchase of 694,400 common shares in 2024 under                                  • An increase in loans of $456.2 million with repayments
                                IGM Financial’s normal course issuer bid at a cost of                                  of loans and other of $281.4 million in 2024 compared to
                                $26.7 million. There were no purchases in 2023.                                        $410.5 million and $333.6 million, respectively, in 2023
                              • The payment of regular common share dividends which                                    primarily related to residential mortgages in the Company’s
                                 totalled $133.2 million in 2024, compared to $133.9 million                             mortgage banking operations.
                                 in 2023.                                                                            • Net cash used in additions to intangible assets and other was
                              Financing activities during the nine months ended                                        $16.2 million in 2024 compared to $44.7 million in 2023.
                              September 30, 2024 compared to 2023 related to:                                        Investing activities during the nine months ended
                              • An increase in obligations to securitization entities                                September 30, 2024 compared to 2023 related to:
                                of $1,153.1 million and repayments of obligations to                                 • The purchases of other investments totalling $86.6 million
                                securitization entities of $1,009.8 million in 2024 compared                           and sales of other investments with proceeds of
                                to an increase in obligations to securitization entities                                 $64.3 million in 2024 compared to $57.4 million and
                                of $929.3 million and repayments of obligations to                                       $54.4 million, respectively, in 2023.
                                 securitization entities of $882.4 million in 2023.
                                                                                                                     • An increase in loans of $1,128.9 million with repayments
                              • The purchase of 2,073,400 common shares in 2024 under                                  of loans and other of $862.6 million in 2024 compared to
                                IGM Financial’s normal course issuer bid at a cost of                                  $889.6 million and $837.4 million, respectively, in 2023
                                $75.8 million. There were no purchases in 2023.                                        primarily related to residential mortgages in the Company’s
                              • The payment of regular common share dividends which                                    mortgage banking.
                                totalled $400.9 million in 2024, compared to $401.5 million                          • Net cash used in additions to intangible assets and other was




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                in 2023.                                                                               $62.8 million in 2024 compared to $79.1 million in 2023.
                              The nine month period of 2023 also included the following:                             The nine month period of 2023 also included the following:
                              • Net proceeds on the credit facility of $550.0 million related to                     • The investment in ChinaAMC of $1,161.8 million.
                                temporary financing put in place until the sale of IPC closed.
                                                                                                                     • The investment in Rockefeller of $856.2 million.
                              • The issuance of debentures of $300.0 million in 2023.
                                                                                                                     • Sale of Lifeco shares with proceeds of $552.7 million.
                              Investing activities during the third quarter of 2024 compared
                              to 2023 primarily related to:
                              • The purchases of other investments totalling $25.6 million
                                and sales of other investments with proceeds of $20.0 million




                                                                     Management's Discussion and Analysis | IGM Financial Inc. 2024 Third Quarter Report                                                   51
                              C  48                                           P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
     Accumulated Other                                                                          The Company’s capital is primarily utilized in its ongoing
                                                                                                business operations to support working capital requirements,
     Comprehensive Income                                                                       long-term investments made by the Company, business
     Accumulated other comprehensive income totalled                                            expansion and other strategic objectives. Subsidiaries subject
     $954.6 million at September 30, 2024, compared to                                          to regulatory capital requirements include investment dealers,
     $276.2 million at September 30, 2023, as detailed in Table 27.                             mutual fund dealers, exempt market dealers, portfolio
                                                                                                managers, investment fund managers and a trust company.
     Other comprehensive income for employee benefits in 2024
                                                                                                These subsidiaries are required to maintain minimum
     resulted from an increase in the discount rate by approximately
                                                                                                levels of capital based on either working capital, liquidity
     0.10% and higher investment returns from the registered pension
                                                                                                or shareholders’ equity. The Company’s subsidiaries have
     plan assets.
                                                                                                complied with all regulatory capital requirements.
     The gain related to Other investments in 2024 is primarily due
                                                                                                The total outstanding long-term debt was $2.4 billion at
     to a change in fair value of Wealthsimple of approximately 100%.
                                                                                                September 30, 2024, unchanged from December 31, 2023.
     The change is consistent with the increase in public market
                                                                                                Long-term debt is comprised of debentures which are senior
     peer valuations, Wealthsimple’s business performance and
                                                                                                unsecured debt obligations of the Company subject to standard
     revised revenue expectations, as well as a third party secondary
                                                                                                covenants, including negative pledges, but which do not include
     transaction expected to close in the fourth quarter.
                                                                                                any specified financial or operational covenants.
     Other comprehensive income for Investment in associates in 2024
                                                                                                The Company purchased 2,073,400 common shares during
     was primarily related to the foreign exchange translation related to
                                                                                                the nine months ended September 30, 2024 at a cost of
     the Company’s investment in ChinaAMC and Rockefeller.
                                                                                                $75.8 million under its Normal Course Issuer Bid (NCIB) (refer
                                                                                                to Note 10 to the Interim Financial Statements). The Company
     Capital Resources                                                                          commenced the NCIB on December 21, 2023 to purchase for
     The Company’s capital management objective is to maximize                                  cancellation up to 3 million of its common shares. The program
     shareholder returns while ensuring that the Company is                                     will be used to mitigate the dilutive effect of stock options
     capitalized in a manner which appropriately supports regulatory                            issued under the Company’s stock option plan and for other
     capital requirements, working capital needs and business                                   capital management purposes.
     expansion. The Company’s capital management practices are                                  In connection with its NCIB, the Company has established an
     focused on preserving the quality of its financial position by                             automatic securities purchase plan (ASPP) for its common
     maintaining a solid capital base and a strong balance sheet.                               shares. The ASPP provides standard instructions regarding
     Capital of the Company consists of long-term debt and common                               how IGM Financial’s common shares are to be purchased
     shareholders’ equity which totalled $9.9 billion at September 30,                          under the NCIB during certain pre‑determined trading blackout
     2024, compared to $9.1 billion at December 31, 2023. The                                   periods, subject to pre-established parameters. Outside of
     Company regularly assesses its capital management practices in                             these pre‑determined trading blackout periods, purchases
     response to changing economic conditions.                                                  under the Company’s NCIB will be completed based upon
                                                                                                management’s discretion.



     Table 27: Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)

                                                                                                                                                    Investment
                                                                                                                    Employee             Other    in Associates




                                                                                                                                                                               PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
     ($ millions)                                                                                                    Benefits      Investments       and Other        Total

     2024
     Balance, January 1                                                                                         $      (14.0)      $    394.0      $     (63.7)   $   316.3
      Other comprehensive income (loss)                                                                                 37.7            519.4             81.2        638.3
     Balance, September 30                                                                                      $       23.7       $    913.4      $      17.5    $   954.6
     2023
     Balance, January 1                                                                                         $        4.3       $    309.7      $      48.8    $   362.8
      Other comprehensive income (loss)                                                                                 18.4              (1.2)          (87.9)       (70.7)
      Disposal of investment in associate                                                                                  –                –            (16.0)       (16.0)
      Transfer out of FVTOCI                                                                                               –               0.1               –          0.1
     Balance, September 30                                                                                      $       22.7       $    308.6      $     (55.1)   $   276.2




52 IGM Financial Inc. 2024 Third Quarter Report | Management's Discussion and Analysis
                                     P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                      C  49
                              Other activities in 2024 included the declaration of common                               The A (High) rating assigned to IGM Financial’s senior
                              share dividends of $400.1 million or $1.6875 per share.                                   unsecured debentures by Morningstar DBRS is the fifth
                              Changes in common share capital are reflected in the                                      highest of the 22 ratings used for long-term debt. Under the
                              Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders’ Equity.                               Morningstar DBRS long‑term rating scale, debt securities rated
                                                                                                                        A (High) are of good credit quality and the capacity for the
                              Standard & Poor’s (S&P) current rating on the Company’s senior
                                                                                                                        payment of financial obligations is substantial, but of lesser
                              unsecured debentures is “A” with a stable outlook. Morningstar
                                                                                                                        credit quality than AA. Entities in the A (High) category may be
                              DBRS current rating on the Company’s senior unsecured
                                                                                                                        vulnerable to future events, but qualifying negative factors are
                              debentures is “A (High)” with a stable rating trend.
                                                                                                                        considered manageable.
                              Credit ratings are intended to provide investors with an
                              independent measure of the credit quality of the securities of
                                                                                                                        Financial Instruments
                              a company and are indicators of the likelihood of payment and
                              the capacity of a company to meet its obligations in accordance                           Table 28 presents the carrying amounts and fair values of
                              with the terms of each obligation. Descriptions of the rating                             financial assets and financial liabilities. The table excludes fair
                              categories for each of the agencies set forth below have been                             value information for financial assets and financial liabilities not
                              obtained from the respective rating agencies’ websites.                                   measured at fair value if the carrying amount is a reasonable
                                                                                                                        approximation of fair value. These items include cash and cash
                              These ratings are not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold
                                                                                                                        equivalents, accounts and other receivables, certain other
                              the securities of the Company and do not address market price
                                                                                                                        financial assets, accounts payable and accrued liabilities, credit
                              or other factors that might determine suitability of a specific
                                                                                                                        facility, and certain other financial liabilities.
                              security for a particular investor. The ratings also may not
                              reflect the potential impact of all risks on the value of securities                      Fair value is determined using the following methods and
                              and are subject to revision or withdrawal at any time by the                              assumptions:
                              rating organization.                                                                      • Other investments and other financial assets and financial
                                                                                                                          liabilities are valued using quoted prices from active markets,
                              The A rating assigned to IGM Financial’s senior unsecured
                                                                                                                            when available. When a quoted market price is not readily
                              debentures by S&P is the sixth highest of the 22 ratings used
                                                                                                                            available, valuation techniques are used that require
                              for long-term debt. This rating indicates S&P’s view that the
                                                                                                                            assumptions related to discount rates and the timing and
                              Company’s capacity to meet its financial commitment on the
                                                                                                                            amount of future cash flows. Wherever possible, observable
                              obligation is strong, but the obligation is somewhat more
                                                                                                                            market inputs are used in the valuation techniques.
                              susceptible to the adverse effects of changes in circumstances
                              and economic conditions than obligations in higher                                        • Loans classified as held for trading are valued using market
                              rated categories.                                                                           interest rates for loans with similar credit risk and maturity,
                                                                                                                          specifically lending rates offered to retail borrowers by
                                                                                                                          financial institutions.



                              Table 28: Financial Instruments

                                                                                                                                                September 30, 2024                          December 31, 2023
                              ($ millions)                                                                                       Carrying Value              Fair Value        Carrying Value        Fair Value

                              Financial assets recorded at fair value
                               Other investments
                                 – FVTOCI                                                                                           $    1,341.4         $    1,341.4           $      721.4     $      721.4




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                 – FVTPL                                                                                                   148.0                148.0                  142.2            142.2
                               Derivative financial instruments                                                                              29.6                 29.6                  42.7              42.7
                              Financial assets recorded at amortized cost
                               Loans
                                 – Amortized cost                                                                                        5,367.2              5,420.2                5,108.7          5,070.8
                              Financial liabilities recorded at fair value
                               Derivative financial instruments                                                                              34.0                 34.0                  49.6              49.6
                              Financial liabilities recorded at amortized cost
                               Deposits and certificates                                                                                 2,725.9              2,725.9               3,344.2           3,344.2
                               Obligations to securitization entities                                                                    4,838.8              4,933.5                4,687.8          4,695.7
                               Long-term debt                                                                                            2,400.0              2,487.4               2,400.0           2,453.4




                                                                        Management's Discussion and Analysis | IGM Financial Inc. 2024 Third Quarter Report                                                       53
                              C  50                                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
     • Loans classified as amortized cost are valued by discounting                          • Derivative financial instruments are valued based on quoted
       the expected future cash flows at prevailing market yields.                             market prices, where available, prevailing market rates for
     • Valuation methods used for Other investments classified                                 instruments with similar characteristics and maturities, or
       as FVTOCI include comparison to market transactions with                                discounted cash flow analysis.
       arm’s length third parties, use of market multiples, and                              See Note 15 of the Interim Financial Statements which provides
       discounted cash flow analysis.                                                        additional discussion on the determination of fair value of
     • Obligations to securitization entities are valued by                                  financial instruments.
       discounting the expected future cash flows at prevailing
       market yields for securities issued by these securitization                           Although there were changes to both the carrying values and
       entities having similar terms and characteristics.                                    fair values of financial instruments, these changes did not have
                                                                                             a material impact on the financial condition of the Company for
     • Deposits and certificates are valued by discounting the
                                                                                             the nine months ended September 30, 2024.
       contractual cash flows using market interest rates currently
       offered for deposits with similar terms and credit risks.
     • Long-term debt is valued using quoted prices for each
       debenture available in the market.




                                                                                                                                                                PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.




54 IGM Financial Inc. 2024 Third Quarter Report | Management's Discussion and Analysis
                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                           C  51
                              Risk Management
                              IGM Financial is exposed to a variety of risks that are inherent in                  • The Related Party and Conduct Review Committee oversees
                              our business activities. Our ability to manage these risks is key                      conflicts of interest.
                              to our ongoing success. The Company emphasizes a strong risk
                                                                                                                   Management oversight for risk management resides with the
                              management culture and the implementation of an effective
                                                                                                                   Executive Risk Management Committee which is comprised
                              risk management approach. Our approach coordinates risk
                                                                                                                   of the Chief Executive Officers of IGM Financial, IG Wealth
                              management across the organization and its business units
                                                                                                                   Management and Mackenzie Investments, the Chief Financial
                              and seeks to ensure prudent and measured risk‑taking in order
                                                                                                                   Officer, the General Counsel, the Chief Operating Officer, the
                              to achieve an appropriate balance between risk and return.
                                                                                                                   Chief Information Officer, the Chief Human Resources Officer,
                              Fundamental to our enterprise risk management program is
                                                                                                                   and the Chief Risk Officer, who reports to the Chief Executive
                              protecting and enhancing our reputation.
                                                                                                                   Officer of IGM Financial. The committee is responsible for
                                                                                                                   oversight of IGM Financial’s risk management process by:
                              Risk Management Framework                                                            i) establishing and maintaining the risk framework and policy;
                                                                                                                   ii) defining the risk appetite; iii) ensuring our risk profile and
                              The Company’s risk management approach is undertaken
                                                                                                                   processes are aligned with corporate strategy and risk appetite;
                              through our comprehensive Risk Management Framework
                                                                                                                   and iv) establishing “tone at the top” and reinforcing a strong
                              which is composed of four core elements: risk governance,
                                                                                                                   culture of risk management.
                              risk appetite, a defined risk management process, and risk
                              management culture. The Risk Management Framework is                                 The Chief Executive Officers of the operating companies have
                              approved by the Board of Directors.                                                  overall responsibility for overseeing risk management of their
                                                                                                                   respective companies.
                              Risk Governance                                                                      The Company has assigned responsibility for risk management
                              Our risk governance structure emphasizes ownership of                                using the Three Lines of Defence model, with the First Line
                              risk management in each business unit and oversight by an                            reflecting the business units having primary responsibility
                              Executive Risk Management Committee accountable to the Risk                          for risk management, supported by Second Line risk
                              Committee of the Board (Risk Committee) and ultimately to the                        management functions and a Third Line (the Internal Audit
                              Board of Directors. Additional oversight is provided by the Risk,                    function) providing assurance and validation of the design and
                              Compliance and Internal Audit functions.                                             effectiveness of the Risk Management Framework.

                              The Risk Committee provides primary oversight and carries                            First Line of Defence
                              out its risk management mandate. The Risk Committee is
                                                                                                                   The leaders of the various business units and support
                              responsible for assisting the Board in reviewing and overseeing
                                                                                                                   functions have primary ownership and accountability for the
                              the risk governance structure and risk management program of
                                                                                                                   ongoing risk management associated with their respective
                              the Company by: i) ensuring that appropriate procedures are in
                                                                                                                   activities. Responsibilities of business unit and support function
                              place to identify and manage risks and establish risk appetite,
                                                                                                                   leaders include: i) executing and maintaining procedures for
                              ii) ensuring that appropriate policies, procedures and controls
                                                                                                                   the identification, assessment, documentation and escalation
                              are implemented to manage risks, and iii) reviewing the risk
                                                                                                                   of risks, ii) implementing control activities to mitigate risks,
                              management process on a regular basis to ensure that it is
                                                                                                                   iii) identifying opportunities for risk reduction or transfer, and
                              functioning effectively.
                                                                                                                   iv) aligning business and operational strategies with the risk
                              Other specific risks are managed with the support of the                             culture and risk appetite of the organization as established by
                              following Board committees:                                                          the Executive Risk Management Committee.




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                              • The Audit Committee has specific risk oversight responsibilities
                                                                                                                   Second Line of Defence
                                in relation to financial disclosure, internal controls and the
                                control environment as well as our compliance activities,                          The Risk function, overseen by the Chief Risk Officer, provides
                                including administration of the Code of Conduct.                                   oversight, analysis and reporting to the Executive Risk
                                                                                                                   Management Committee on the level of risks relative to the
                              • The Human Resource Committee oversees human resources
                                                                                                                   established risk appetite for all activities of the Company. Other
                                and talent practices and policies including compensation.
                                                                                                                   responsibilities include: i) developing and maintaining the risk
                              • The Governance and Nominating Committee oversees
                                                                                                                   management program and framework, ii) managing the risk
                                corporate governance practices.
                                                                                                                   management process, and iii) providing guidance and training
                                                                                                                   to business unit and support function leaders.




                                                                   Management's Discussion and Analysis | IGM Financial Inc. 2024 Third Quarter Report                                  55
                              C  52                                         P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
     The Company has a number of committees of senior business                               Risks are assessed by evaluating the impact and likelihood of
     leaders which provide oversight of specific business risks,                             the potential risk event after consideration of controls and any
     including the Financial Risk Management and Operational                                 risk transfer activities. The results of these assessments are
     Risk Management committees. These committees perform                                    considered relative to risk appetite and may result in action
     critical reviews of risk assessments, risk management practices                         plans to adjust the risk profile.
     and risk response plans developed by business units and
                                                                                             Risk assessments are monitored and reviewed on an ongoing
     support functions.
                                                                                             basis by business units and by oversight areas including the
     Other oversight accountabilities reside with the Company’s                              Risk function. The Risk function promotes and coordinates
     Legal and Compliance functions which are responsible for                                communication and consultation to support effective risk
     ensuring compliance with policies, laws and regulations.                                management and escalation. The Risk function regularly
                                                                                             reports on the results of risk assessments and on the
     Third Line of Defence                                                                   assessment process to the Executive Risk Management
     The Internal Audit function is the third line of defence and                            Committee and to the Risk Committee.
     provides independent assurance to senior management and
     the Board of Directors on the effectiveness of the Company’s                            Risk Management Culture
     risk management policies, processes and practices.
                                                                                             Risk management is everyone’s responsibility within the
                                                                                             organization. The Risk function engages all business units in
     Risk Appetite
                                                                                             risk workshops to foster awareness and to incorporate our risk
     The Company’s appetite for different types of risk is                                   framework into business activities.
     established through the Risk Appetite Framework which is
                                                                                             We have an established business planning process which
     approved by the Board of Directors. Under the Risk Appetite
                                                                                             reinforces our risk management culture. Our compensation
     Framework, one of four appetite levels is established for each
                                                                                             programs are typically objectives-based, do not encourage or
     risk type and business activity of the Company. These appetite
                                                                                             reward excessive or inappropriate risk taking, and often are
     levels range from those where the Company has no appetite
                                                                                             aligned specifically with risk management objectives.
     for risk and seeks to minimize any losses, to those where the
     Company readily accepts exposure while seeking to ensure                                Our risk management program emphasizes integrity, ethical
     that risks are well understood and managed. These appetite                              practices, responsible management and measured risk‑taking
     levels guide our business units as they engage in business                              with a long-term view. Our standards of integrity and ethics
     activities, and inform them in establishing policies, limits,                           are reflected within our Code of Conduct which applies to
     controls and risk transfer activities.                                                  directors, officers and employees.

     The Risk Appetite Framework facilitates the alignment
     of business strategy with risk appetite, supports capital                               Key Risks of the Business
     deployment assessments, and supports the identification,
                                                                                             Significant risks that may adversely affect our ability to achieve
     mitigation, and management of risks.
                                                                                             strategic and business objectives are identified through our
                                                                                             ongoing risk management process.
     Risk Management Process
                                                                                             Risks are identified based on our established methodology,
     The Company’s risk management process is designed to foster:                            considering factors both internal and external to the
     • Ongoing assessment of risks and tolerance in a changing                               organization. These risks are broadly grouped into three
       operating environment.                                                                categories: financial, operational, and strategic and business.
     • Appropriate identification and understanding of existing and




                                                                                                                                                                   PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
       emerging risks and risk response.
                                                                                             1) Financial Risk
     • Timely monitoring and escalation of risks based upon
       changing circumstances.                                                               This is the risk of financial loss related to AUM&A, liquidity and
                                                                                             funding risk, credit risk, or market risk.
     Significant risks that may adversely affect the Company’s ability
     to achieve its strategic and business objectives are identified
                                                                                             Risks Related to AUM&A
     through the Company’s ongoing risk management process.
                                                                                             At September 30, 2024, IGM Financial’s AUM&A were
     We use a consistent methodology across our organizations                                $264.9 billion compared to $240.2 billion at December 31, 2023.
     and business units for identification and assessment of risks.                          AUM&A Including SI were $461.6 billion at September 30, 2024
                                                                                             compared to $390.6 billion at December 31, 2023.




56 IGM Financial Inc. 2024 Third Quarter Report | Management's Discussion and Analysis
                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                              C  53
                              The Company’s primary sources of revenues are advisory fees                          Foreign currency denominated securities are exposed to
                              and asset management fees which are applied as an annual                             foreign exchange risk. A depreciation in foreign currency versus
                              percentage of the level of AUM&A. AUM&A levels are impacted                          the Canadian dollar will cause the Canadian value of securities
                              by both net sales and changes in the market.                                         to fall while an appreciation in foreign currency versus the
                                                                                                                   Canadian dollar will cause the Canadian value of securities to
                              Global markets by their nature are subject to uncertainty
                                                                                                                   rise, thus impacting AUM&A, revenue and earnings.
                              and a variety of risks. Movement in equity market prices,
                              foreign exchange rates, real asset values, interest rates/credit
                              spreads, or other asset values could cause the Company’s                             Liquidity and Funding Risk
                              AUM&A, revenue and earnings to decline. A general economic                           This is the risk of an inability to generate or obtain sufficient
                              downturn, market volatility, client rebalancing, poor investment                     cash in a timely and cost-effective manner to meet contractual
                              performance, or a lack of investor confidence could also lead to                     or anticipated commitments as they come due or arise.
                              lower sales, higher redemption levels and lower AUM&A.
                                                                                                                   Our liquidity profile is structured to ensure we have sufficient
                              The Company believes that exposure to investment returns on                          liquidity to satisfy current and prospective requirements
                              its client portfolios is beneficial over the long term to financial                  in both normal and stressed conditions. Our liquidity
                              results and consistent with stakeholder expectations, and                            management practices include:
                              therefore does not typically engage in risk transfer activities
                                                                                                                   • Maintaining liquid assets and lines of credit to satisfy near
                              such as hedging in relation to these exposures.
                                                                                                                     term liquidity needs.
                              The Company’s exposure to market risk aligns with the experience                     • Ensuring effective controls over liquidity management
                              of its clients. AUM are broadly diversified by asset class,                            processes.
                              geographic region, industry sector, investment team and style. The
                                                                                                                   • Performing regular cash forecasts and stress testing.
                              Company regularly reviews the sensitivity of its AUM, revenues,
                                                                                                                   • Regular assessment of capital market conditions and the
                              earnings and cash flow to changes in financial markets.
                                                                                                                     Company’s ability to access bank and capital market funding.
                              Domestic and foreign equity securities are exposed to equity                         • Ongoing efforts to diversify and expand long-term mortgage
                              price risk which may negatively impact AUM&A, revenues and                             funding sources.
                              earnings. Equity price risk can be classified into two categories:
                                                                                                                   • Oversight of liquidity and funding risks by the Financial Risk
                              general equity risk and issuer-specific risk. The Company’s
                                                                                                                     Management Committee, a committee of finance and other
                              internal and external fund managers reduce exposure to
                                                                                                                     business leaders.
                              issuer‑specific risks through diversification.
                                                                                                                   A key funding requirement is the funding of advisor network
                              Fixed-income securities are exposed to interest rate risk. An
                                                                                                                   compensation paid for the distribution of financial products
                              increase in interest rates causes market prices of fixed‑income
                                                                                                                   and services. This compensation continues to be paid from
                              securities to fall while a decrease in interest rates causes market
                                                                                                                   operating cash flows.
                              prices to rise, thus impacting AUM&A, revenue and earnings.




                              Table 29: IGM Financial AUM – Asset and Currency Mix

                                                                                                                                                                          Investment
                              As at September 30, 2024                                                                                                                         Funds     Total




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                              Cash                                                                                                                                               1.5 %     2.6 %
                              Short‑term fixed income and mortgages                                                                                                              2.9       3.0
                              Other fixed income                                                                                                                               21.7       21.9
                              Domestic equity                                                                                                                                  20.6       25.1
                              Foreign equity                                                                                                                                   51.1       45.7
                              Real Property                                                                                                                                      2.2       1.7
                                                                                                                                                                              100.0 %    100.0 %
                              CAD                                                                                                                                              47.8 %     54.7 %
                              USD                                                                                                                                              36.2       32.0
                              Other                                                                                                                                            16.0       13.3
                                                                                                                                                                              100.0 %    100.0 %




                                                                      Management's Discussion and Analysis | IGM Financial Inc. 2024 Third Quarter Report                                          57
                              C  54                                         P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
     The Company also maintains sufficient liquidity to fund and                                    Schedule I Canadian chartered banks provided the Company
     temporarily hold mortgages pending sale or securitization                                      with a non-revolving term loan facility related to the proceeds
     to long-term funding sources and to manage any derivative                                      on the sale of IPC. The term loan facility was repaid prior to the
     collateral requirements. Through its mortgage banking                                          sale of IPC.
     operations, residential mortgages are sold to third parties
                                                                                                    Management believes cash flows from operations, available
     including certain mutual funds, institutional investors through
                                                                                                    cash balances and other sources of liquidity are sufficient to
     private placements, Canadian bank‑sponsored securitization
                                                                                                    meet the Company’s liquidity needs. The Company continues to
     trusts, and by issuance and sale of National Housing Act
                                                                                                    have the ability to meet its operational cash flow requirements,
     Mortgage-Backed Securities (NHA MBS) including sales to
                                                                                                    its contractual obligations, and its declared dividends. The
     Canada Housing Trust under the CMB Program. The Company
                                                                                                    current practice of the Company is to declare and pay dividends
     maintains committed capacity within certain Canadian bank-
                                                                                                    to common shareholders on a quarterly basis at the discretion
     sponsored securitization trusts. Capacity for sales under
                                                                                                    of the Board of Directors. The declaration of dividends by
     the CMB Program consists of participation in new CMB
                                                                                                    the Board of Directors is dependent on a variety of factors,
     issues and reinvestment of principal repayments held in the
                                                                                                    including earnings which are significantly influenced by the
     Principal Reinvestment Accounts. The Company’s continued
                                                                                                    impact that market risk has on the Company’s fee income
     ability to fund residential mortgages through Canadian bank-
                                                                                                    and commission and certain other expenses. The Company’s
     sponsored securitization trusts and NHA MBS is dependent on
                                                                                                    liquidity position and its management of liquidity and funding
     securitization market conditions and government regulations
                                                                                                    risk have not changed materially since December 31, 2023.
     that are subject to change. A condition of the NHA MBS and CMB
     Program is that securitized loans be insured by an insurer that
     is approved by CMHC. The availability of mortgage insurance is                                 Credit Risk
     dependent upon market conditions and is subject to change.                                     This is the risk of financial loss to the Company if a counterparty
                                                                                                    to a transaction fails to meet its obligations.
     The Company accesses the unsecured long-term debt markets
     for corporate purposes, and ensures a well-diversified maturity                                The Company is exposed to credit risk through its cash and
     structure to manage associated funding risks.                                                  cash equivalents, client funds on deposit, mortgage portfolio,
                                                                                                    and use of over-the-counter derivatives. The Company
     The Company’s contractual obligations are reflected in Table 30.
                                                                                                    monitors its credit risk management practices on an ongoing
     In addition to IGM Financial’s current balance of cash and                                     basis to evaluate their effectiveness.
     cash equivalents, liquidity is available through the Company’s
     lines of credit. The Company’s lines of credit with various                                    Cash and Cash Equivalents and Client Funds on Deposit
     Schedule I Canadian chartered banks totalled $800 million at                                   At September 30, 2024, cash and cash equivalents of
     September 30, 2024, unchanged from December 31, 2023. The                                      $640.1 million (December 31, 2023 – $544.6 million)
     lines of credit at September 30, 2024 consisted of committed                                   consisted of cash balances of $525.1 million (December 31,
     lines of $650 million and uncommitted lines of $150 million,                                   2023 – $216.5 million) primarily on deposit with Canadian
     unchanged from December 31, 2023. Any advances made by a                                       chartered banks and cash equivalents of $115.0 million
     bank under the uncommitted lines of credit are at the bank’s                                   (December 31, 2023 – $328.1 million). Cash equivalents are
     sole discretion. As at September 30, 2024 and December 31,                                     comprised of Government of Canada treasury bills totalling
     2023, the Company was not utilizing its committed lines of                                     $38.3 million (December 31, 2023 – $0.5 million), provincial
     credit or its uncommitted lines of credit.                                                     government treasury bills and promissory notes of $67.1 million



     Table 30: Contractual Obligations




                                                                                                                                                                                       PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
     As at September 30, 2024                                                                                              Less than                             After
     ($ millions)                                                                                        Demand               1 Year           1–5 Years       5 Years         Total

     Derivative financial instruments                                                               $            –     $          0.3      $       33.6    $       0.1   $     34.0
     Deposits and certificates(1)                                                                        2,724.5                  1.4                 –             –        2,725.9
     Obligations to securitization entities                                                                      –           1,034.4            3,792.8          11.6        4,838.8
     Leases(2)                                                                                                   –               29.6              88.8         107.6         226.0
     Long-term debt                                                                                              –                     –          525.0        1,875.0       2,400.0
     Total contractual obligations                                                                  $    2,724.5       $     1,065.7       $    4,440.2    $   1,994.3   $ 10,224.7
     (1) Deposits and certificates due on demand are primarily offset by client funds held on deposit.
     (2) Includes remaining lease payments related to office space and equipment used in the normal course of business.




58 IGM Financial Inc. 2024 Third Quarter Report | Management's Discussion and Analysis
                                         P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                          C  55
                              (December 31, 2023 – $36.4 million), and bank term deposits                             2023 – $37.0 million), respectively, at September 30, 2024.
                              and bankers’ acceptances of $9.6 million (December 31, 2023 –                           Cash reserve accounts are reflected on the balance sheet,
                              $291.2 million).                                                                        whereas rights to future net interest income are not
                                                                                                                      reflected on the balance sheet and will be recorded over the
                              The Company manages credit risk related to cash and cash
                                                                                                                      life of the mortgages.
                              equivalents by adhering to its Investment Policy that outlines
                              credit risk parameters and concentration limits. The Company                        At September 30, 2024, residential mortgages recorded on
                              regularly reviews the credit ratings of its counterparties.                         balance sheet were 54.2% insured (December 31, 2023 –
                              The maximum exposure to credit risk on these financial                              50.7%). At September 30, 2024, impaired mortgages on these
                              instruments is their carrying value.                                                portfolios were $2.5 million, compared to $3.1 million at
                                                                                                                  December 31, 2023. Uninsured non-performing mortgages over
                              The Company’s exposure to and management of credit risk
                                                                                                                  90 days on these portfolios were $2.1 million at September 30,
                              related to cash and cash equivalents and fixed income securities
                                                                                                                  2024, compared to $2.8 million at December 31, 2023.
                              have not changed materially since December 31, 2023.
                                                                                                                  The Company also retains certain elements of credit risk on
                              IG Wealth Management’s client funds on deposit of $2.7 billion
                                                                                                                  mortgage loans sold to the IG Mackenzie Mortgage and Short‑
                              (December 31, 2023 – $3.4 billion) are held with Schedule I
                                                                                                                  Term Income Fund through an agreement to repurchase
                              chartered banks and approximately 92% of the client deposits
                                                                                                                  mortgages in certain circumstances benefiting the funds. These
                              were insured by the Canada Deposit Insurance Corporation
                                                                                                                  loans are not recorded on the Company’s balance sheet as
                              (CDIC) at September 30, 2024.
                                                                                                                  the Company has transferred substantially all of the risks and
                              Mortgage Portfolio                                                                  rewards of ownership associated with these loans.

                              At September 30, 2024, residential mortgages, recorded on the                       The Company regularly reviews the credit quality of the
                              Company’s balance sheet, of $5.4 billion (December 31, 2023                         mortgages and the adequacy of the allowance for expected
                              – $5.1 billion) consisted of $4.9 billion sold to securitization                    credit losses.
                              programs (December 31, 2023 – $4.7 billion), $466.4 million
                                                                                                                  The Company’s allowance for expected credit losses was
                              held pending sale or securitization (December 31, 2023 –
                                                                                                                  $0.8 million at September 30, 2024, compared to $0.7 million at
                              $375.5 million) and $12.0 million related to the Company’s
                                                                                                                  December 31, 2023, and is considered adequate by management
                              intermediary operations (December 31, 2023 – $11.5 million).
                                                                                                                  to absorb all credit‑related losses in the mortgage portfolios
                              The Company manages credit risk related to residential                              based on: i) historical credit performance experience, ii) recent
                              mortgages through:                                                                  trends including increasing interest rates, iii) current portfolio
                              • Adhering to its lending policy and underwriting standards;                        credit metrics and other relevant characteristics, iv) our strong
                              • Its loan servicing capabilities;                                                  financial planning relationship with our clients, and v) stress
                                                                                                                  testing of losses under adverse real estate market conditions.
                              • Use of client-insured mortgage default insurance and mortgage
                                portfolio default insurance held by the Company; and                              The Company’s exposure to and management of credit risk
                              • Its practice of originating its mortgages exclusively through                     related to mortgage portfolios have not changed materially
                                a network of Mortgage Advisors and IG Wealth Management                           since December 31, 2023.
                                advisors as part of a client’s IG Living Plan.
                                                                                                                  Derivatives
                              In certain instances, credit risk is also limited by the terms and                  The Company is exposed to credit risk through derivative
                              nature of securitization transactions as described below:                           contracts it utilizes to hedge interest rate risk, to facilitate
                              • Under the NHA MBS program totalling $2.4 billion                                  securitization transactions and to hedge market risk related
                                (December 31, 2023 – $2.4 billion), the Company is obligated                      to certain stock‑based compensation arrangements. These




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                to make timely payment of principal and coupons irrespective                      derivatives are discussed more fully under the Market Risk
                                of whether such payments were received from the mortgage                          section of this MD&A.
                                borrower. However, as required by the NHA MBS program,
                                100% of the loans are insured by an approved insurer.                             To the extent that the fair value of the derivatives is in a
                                                                                                                  gain position, the Company is exposed to credit risk if its
                              • Credit risk for mortgages securitized by transfer to bank-
                                                                                                                  counterparties fail to fulfil their obligations under these
                                sponsored securitization trusts totalling $2.5 billion
                                                                                                                  arrangements.
                                (December 31, 2023 – $2.3 billion) is limited to amounts held
                                in cash reserve accounts and future net interest income,                          The Company’s derivative activities are managed in accordance
                                the fair values of which were $64.5 million (December 31,                         with its Derivative Policy which includes counterparty limits and
                                2023 – $58.0 million) and $33.0 million (December 31,                             other parameters to manage counterparty risk. The aggregate




                                                                   Management's Discussion and Analysis | IGM Financial Inc. 2024 Third Quarter Report                                 59
                              C  56                                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
     credit risk exposure related to derivatives that are in a gain                               and has an outstanding notional amount of $1.8 billion
     position of $33.9 million (December 31, 2023 – $51.2 million)                                (December 31, 2023 – $1.6 billion).
     does not give effect to any netting agreements or collateral                             • The Company is exposed to the impact that changes
     arrangements. The exposure to credit risk, considering netting                             in interest rates may have on the value of mortgages
     agreements and collateral arrangements and including rights to                             committed to or held pending sale or securitization to
     future net interest income, was $6.6 million at September 30,                              long-term funding sources. The Company enters into
     2024 (December 31, 2023 – $3.7 million). Counterparties are                                interest rate swaps to hedge the interest rate risk related
     all Canadian Schedule I chartered banks and, as a result,                                  to funding costs for mortgages held by the Company
     management has determined that the Company’s overall credit                                pending sale or securitization. Hedge accounting is applied
     risk related to derivatives was not significant at September 30,                           to the cost of funds on certain securitization activities. The
     2024. Management of credit risk related to derivatives has not                             effective portion of fair value changes of the associated
     changed materially since December 31, 2023.                                                interest rate swaps are initially recognized in Other
     Additional information related to the Company’s securitization                             comprehensive income and subsequently recognized in
     activities and utilization of derivative contracts can be found                              Wealth Management revenue over the term of the related
     in Note 8 to the Interim Financial Statements and Notes 2, 7, 8                              Obligations to securitization entities. The fair value of these
     and 24 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in the                              swaps was negative $2.6 million (December 31, 2023 –
     2023 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report.                                                       negative $1.1 million) on an outstanding notional amount of
                                                                                                  $188.9 million at September 30, 2024 (December 31, 2023 –
                                                                                                  $181.5 million).
     Market Risk
                                                                                              As at September 30, 2024, the impact to annual net earnings
     This is the risk of loss arising from changes in the values of the
                                                                                              of a 100 basis point increase in interest rates would have been
     Company’s financial instruments due to changes in interest
                                                                                              a decrease of approximately $0.4 million (December 31, 2023
     rates, equity prices or foreign exchange rates.
                                                                                              – increase of $0.5 million). The Company’s exposure to and
     Interest Rate Risk                                                                       management of interest rate risk have not changed materially
                                                                                              since December 31, 2023.
     IGM Financial is exposed to interest rate risk on its mortgage
     portfolio and on certain of the derivative financial instruments
                                                                                              Equity Price Risk
     used in our mortgage banking operations.
                                                                                              IGM Financial is exposed to equity price risk on our equity
     The Company manages interest rate risk associated with its                               investments which are classified as either FVTOCI or
     mortgage banking operations by entering into interest rate                               FVTPL, and on our investments in associates, which are
     swaps with Canadian Schedule I chartered banks as follows:                               accounted for using the equity method. The fair value of the
                                                                                              other investments was $1.5 billion at September 30, 2024
     • The Company has in certain instances funded floating
                                                                                              (December 31, 2023 – $0.9 billion), as shown in Table 21,
       rate mortgages with fixed rate Canada Mortgage Bonds
                                                                                              and the carrying value of the investment in associates was
       as part of the securitization transactions under the CMB
                                                                                              $3.8 billion at September 30, 2024 (December 31, 2023 –
       Program. As part of the CMB Program, the Company is
                                                                                              $3.7 billion).
       party to a swap whereby it is entitled to receive investment
       returns on reinvested mortgage principal and is obligated                              The Company sponsors a number of deferred compensation
       to pay Canada Mortgage Bond coupons. This swap had a                                   arrangements where payments to participants are deferred
       negative fair value of $3.7 million (December 31, 2023 –                               and linked to the performance of the common shares of
       positive $7.7 million) and an outstanding notional amount                              IGM Financial Inc. The Company hedges its exposure to this risk
       of $0.3 billion at September 30, 2024 (December 31, 2023                               through the use of forward agreements and total return swaps.




                                                                                                                                                                     PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
       – $0.2 billion). The Company enters into interest rate swaps
       with Canadian Schedule I chartered banks to hedge the risk                             Foreign Exchange Risk
       that the interest rates earned on floating rate mortgages                              IGM Financial is exposed to foreign exchange risk on its
       and reinvestment returns decline. The fair value of these                              investment in ChinaAMC and Rockefeller. Changes to the
       swaps totalled negative $3.1 million (December 31, 2023 –                              carrying value due to changes in foreign exchange rates
       negative $12.5 million), on an outstanding notional amount                             are recognized in Other comprehensive income. As at
       of $1.5 billion at September 30, 2024 (December 31, 2023                               September 30, 2024, a 5% appreciation (depreciation) in
       – $1.4 billion). The net fair value of these swaps of negative                         Canadian currency relative to foreign currencies would
       $6.8 million at September 30, 2024 (December 31, 2023                                  decrease (increase) the aggregate carrying value of foreign
       – negative $4.8 million) is recorded on the balance sheet                              investments by approximately $131.8 million ($145.7 million).




60 IGM Financial Inc. 2024 Third Quarter Report | Management's Discussion and Analysis
                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                               C  57
                              The Company’s proportionate share of ChinaAMC’s and                                 scrutiny or reputational damage. Our enterprise-wide cyber
                              Rockefeller’s earnings, recorded in Proportionate share                             security programs, benchmarking of capabilities to sound
                              of associates’ earnings in the Consolidated Statements of                           industry practices, and threat and vulnerability assessment and
                              Earnings, is also affected by changes in foreign exchange rates.                    response capabilities provide resiliency in addressing this risk.
                              For the quarter ended September 30, 2024, the impact to
                              net earnings of a 5% appreciation (depreciation) in Canadian                        Third Party Risk
                              currency relative to foreign currencies would decrease
                                                                                                                  This is the risk that exists due to the use of external parties to
                              (increase) the Company’s proportionate share of associates’
                                                                                                                  assist or wholly perform activities necessary to the operations
                              earnings by approximately $1.6 million ($1.7 million).
                                                                                                                  and strategy of the business.

                                                                                                                  We regularly engage third parties to provide expertise and
                              2) Operational Risk
                                                                                                                  efficiencies that support our operational activities. Our
                              This is the risk of financial loss, reputational damage or                          exposure to third party risk could include reputational,
                              regulatory actions resulting from inadequate or failed internal                     regulatory and other operational risks. Policies, standard
                              processes or systems, human interaction or external events.                         operating procedures and dedicated resources, including a
                              We are exposed to a broad range of operational risks, including                     supplier code of conduct and material outsourcing policy, have
                              information security and system failures, errors relating to                        been developed and implemented to specifically address third
                              transaction processing, financial models and valuations, failure                    party risk. We perform due diligence and monitoring activities
                              of key third parties, fraud and misappropriation of assets, and                     before entering into contractual relationships with third parties
                              inadequate application of internal control processes.                               and on an ongoing basis. As our reliance on third parties
                                                                                                                  continues to grow, we continue to enhance resources and
                              Operational risks relating to people and processes are mitigated                    processes to support third party risk management.
                              through policies and process controls. Oversight of risks and
                              ongoing evaluation of the effectiveness of controls is provided by
                                                                                                                  Model Risk
                              the Company’s Risk, Compliance, and Internal Audit functions.
                                                                                                                  This is the risk of financial loss or reputational harm resulting
                              The Company’s insurance governance process includes
                                                                                                                  from conclusions and decisions based on incorrect or
                              oversight by the Insurance Steering Committee and senior
                                                                                                                  misused models.
                              executives. As part of this process, the nature and extent
                              of the Company’s insurance is regularly reviewed to ensure                          We use a variety of models to assist in: the valuation of financial
                              coverage remains appropriate and complies with relevant laws,                       instruments, operational scenario testing, management of
                              regulations, and contractual agreements.                                            cash flows, capital management, and assessment of potential
                                                                                                                  acquisitions. These models incorporate internal assumptions,
                              The business unit leaders are responsible for management of
                                                                                                                  observable market inputs and available market prices. Effective
                              the day to day operational risks of their respective business
                                                                                                                  controls exist over the development, implementation and
                              units. Specific programs, policies, training, standards and
                                                                                                                  application of these models. However, changes in the internal
                              governance processes have been developed to help manage
                                                                                                                  assumptions or other factors affecting the models could have
                              operational risk.
                                                                                                                  an adverse effect on the Company’s consolidated financial
                                                                                                                  position and reputation.
                              Technology and Cyber Risk
                              This is the risk of failure or inappropriate usage of information                   Legal and Regulatory Risk
                              and technology that enables business operations and
                                                                                                                  This is the risk of not complying with laws, contractual
                              strategies which may result in business disruption and




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                                                                                                  agreements or regulatory requirements. These risks relate
                              missed opportunities.
                                                                                                                  to regulation governing product distribution, investment
                              Technology underpins our business operations and the client,                        management, accounting, reporting and communications.
                              employee and advisor experience. As a result, we are exposed
                                                                                                                  The Company is subject to complex and changing legal, taxation
                              to cyber security risks such as identity theft, compromise of
                                                                                                                  and regulatory requirements, including the requirements of
                              technology systems and malicious software attacks. Globally,
                                                                                                                  agencies of the federal, provincial and territorial governments
                              the volume of these activities has increased and could
                                                                                                                  in Canada which regulate the Company and its activities and
                              compromise confidential information of the Company and
                                                                                                                  including changes in foreign jurisdictions in which the Company
                              its clients or other stakeholders and result in other negative
                                                                                                                  or companies it invests in have operations. The Company
                              consequences including lost revenue, litigation, regulatory
                                                                                                                  and its subsidiaries are also subject to the requirements of a




                                                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis | IGM Financial Inc. 2024 Third Quarter Report                                   61
                              C  58                                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
     single self-regulatory organization, the Canadian Investment                            IGM Financial has established an enterprise Privacy Risk
     Regulatory Organization (CIRO). These and other regulatory                              Management Framework to manage privacy risk. Our
     bodies regularly adopt new laws, rules, regulations and                                 Chief Privacy Officer (CPO) leads and oversees our privacy
     policies that apply to the Company and its subsidiaries. These                          program, partnering with cross-functional teams to develop
     requirements include those that apply to IGM Financial as a                             and implement enterprise-wide policies, standards and
     publicly traded company and those that apply to the Company’s                           controls regarding the handling and safeguarding of personal
     subsidiaries based on the nature of their activities. They                              information. Ultimately reporting to the CPO, the enterprise
     include regulations related to the management and provision                             privacy team works with front-line business units to address
     of financial products and services, including securities,                               privacy matters.
     insurance and mortgages, and other activities carried on by
                                                                                             Employees and advisors are required to complete mandatory
     the Company in the markets in which it operates. Regulatory
                                                                                             privacy training at onboarding, and annually thereafter. The
     standards affecting the Company and the financial services
                                                                                             training includes our privacy obligations, privacy best practices,
     industry are significant and continually evolve. The Company
                                                                                             and how to prevent, handle and report privacy breaches,
     and its subsidiaries are subject to reviews as part of the normal
                                                                                             complaints and access to information requests.
     ongoing process of oversight by the various regulators.

     Failure to comply with laws, rules or regulations could lead                            Contingencies
     to regulatory sanctions and civil liability, and may have an
                                                                                             The Company is subject to legal actions arising in the normal
     adverse reputational or financial effect on the Company. The
                                                                                             course of its business. In December 2018, a proposed
     Company manages legal and regulatory risk through its efforts
                                                                                             class action was filed in the Ontario Superior Court against
     to promote a strong culture of compliance. The monitoring of
                                                                                             Mackenzie Financial Corporation (Mackenzie) which alleges
     regulatory developments and their impact on the Company is
                                                                                             that the company should not have paid mutual fund trailing
     overseen by the Regulatory Initiatives Committee chaired by
                                                                                             commissions to order execution only dealers. This action was
     the General Counsel. The Company also continues to develop
                                                                                             certified in January 2024. In August 2022, a second proposed
     and maintain compliance policies, processes and oversight,
                                                                                             class action concerning the same subject matter was filed
     including specific communications on compliance and legal
                                                                                             against Mackenzie.
     matters, training, testing, monitoring and reporting. The
     Audit Committee of the Board receives regular reporting on                              In late March 2023, the Company was notified by one of
     compliance initiatives and issues.                                                      our third-party vendors, InvestorCOM Inc., that they were
                                                                                             compromised due to a cybersecurity incident related to
     The Company promotes a strong culture of ethics and integrity
                                                                                             a technology supplier to InvestorCOM, GoAnywhere. The
     through its Code of Conduct approved by the Board of
                                                                                             Company has notified impacted clients and offered credit
     Directors, which outlines standards of conduct that apply to
                                                                                             monitoring at no cost to all clients. Four proposed class actions
     all IGM Financial directors, officers and employees. The Code
                                                                                             have been filed against Mackenzie concerning this incident.
     of Conduct references many policies relating to the conduct
     of directors, officers and employees. Other corporate policies                          Although it is difficult to predict the outcome of any such legal
     cover anti-money laundering and privacy. Training is provided                           actions, based on current knowledge, management does not
     on these policies on an annual basis. Individuals subject to                            expect the outcome of any of these matters, individually or in
     the Code of Conduct attest annually that they understand the                            aggregate, to have a material adverse effect on the Company’s
     requirements and have complied with its provisions.                                     consolidated financial position.


     Privacy Risk                                                                            People Risk
     Privacy risk is the potential for access to, collection, use,                           This risk refers to the potential inability to: attract or retain




                                                                                                                                                                  PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
     transfer, disclosure and retention of personal information in                           employees or Wealth Management advisors; have a diverse,
     contravention of applicable laws, regulations and/or ethical                            equitable and inclusive workforce; provide development
     standards. We collect only the personal information that is                             opportunities to achieve current and future business
     necessary to provide our products and services to clients, and                          objectives; support employee wellbeing and engagement;
     where we have consent to do so.                                                         and sustain ongoing personnel or business succession and/or
                                                                                             transition plans.
     If we need to share personal information with third parties, we
     remain responsible for that information and protect it through                          We manage this risk through competitive compensation and
     contractual and other measures that commit the service                                  benefit offerings, training and development programs, and
     providers to maintain levels of protection comparable to ours.                          periodic employee and advisor surveys.




62 IGM Financial Inc. 2024 Third Quarter Report | Management's Discussion and Analysis
                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                             C  59
                              We have a Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Strategy with the                       General Business Conditions
                              purpose of driving an inclusive, equitable and consistent
                                                                                                                This risk refers to the potential for unfavourable impacts on
                              experience for employees, Wealth Management advisors,
                                                                                                                IGM Financial resulting from competitive or other external
                              and clients that supports our business objectives now and
                                                                                                                factors relating to the marketplace.
                              into the future. To achieve the desired outcomes, we focus on
                              three pillars of action: raising awareness; improving inclusive                   Global economic conditions, changes in equity markets,
                              leadership behaviours; and building external partnerships and                     inflation and demographics can affect investor confidence,
                              community engagement.                                                             income levels and savings. In addition, geopolitical risk,
                                                                                                                government instability and other factors can influence
                              We also have a Wellness Strategy to support our employees’
                                                                                                                inflation, interest rates, global economic growth, and business
                              wellbeing with a goal to ensure our employees are physically
                                                                                                                conditions in markets in which the Company operates. These
                              thriving, emotionally balanced, socially connected and
                                                                                                                environments could result in reduced sales of IGM Financial’s
                              financially secure.
                                                                                                                products and services and/or result in investors redeeming
                                                                                                                their investments. These factors may also affect the level and
                              Business Continuity Management                                                    volatility of financial markets and the value of the Company’s
                              This is the risk that the organization cannot effectively                         AUM, as described more fully under the Risks Related to
                              recover and maintain critical business processes in the event                     AUM&A section of this MD&A.
                              of a disruption (internal, third-party, physical or natural
                                                                                                                To manage this risk, the Company, across its operating
                              circumstances) or respond to a crisis or emergency event.
                                                                                                                subsidiaries, communicates with clients and underscores
                              A business continuity management program ensures the                              the importance of financial planning across economic cycles.
                              Company’s critical processes function in the event of a                           The Company and the industry continue to take steps to
                              business disruption.                                                              educate Canadian investors on the merits of financial planning,
                                                                                                                diversification and long-term investing. In periods of volatility,
                              The Company’s crisis response plan outlines policies and
                                                                                                                Wealth Management advisors and independent financial
                              procedures to address situations that could significantly impact
                                                                                                                advisors play a key role in assisting investors in maintaining
                              the organization’s reputation, brands or business operations.
                                                                                                                perspective and focus on their long-term objectives.
                              A crisis assessment team comprised of senior leadership is
                              responsible for setting strategy, overseeing response and                         Redemption rates for long‑term funds are summarized in Table
                              ensuring appropriate subject matter experts are engaged in                        31 and are discussed in the Wealth Management and the Asset
                              scenario‑dependent crisis response teams.                                         Management Segment Operating Results sections of this MD&A.

                              On a regular basis, the Company tests business continuity
                              and disaster recovery plans as well as conducting crisis
                                                                                                                Strategy Setting
                              simulation exercises.                                                             This is the risk of failing to set or meet appropriate strategic
                                                                                                                objectives resulting in an impact on business performance.

                              3) Strategic and Business Risk                                                    IGM Financial believes in the importance of good corporate
                                                                                                                governance and the central role played by directors in
                              This is the risk of potential adverse impacts resulting from
                                                                                                                the governance process. We believe that sound corporate
                              factors in the external environment or related to the strategy
                                                                                                                governance is essential to the well-being of the Company and
                              or specific business activities of the Company.
                                                                                                                our shareholders.

                                                                                                                Oversight of IGM Financial is performed by the Board of
                                                                                                                Directors directly and through its five committees. The




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                              Table 31: Twelve Month Trailing Redemption Rate for Long-term Funds

                                                                                                                                                                         2024       2023
                                                                                                                                                                       Sep. 30    Sep. 30

                              IGM Financial Inc.
                               IG Wealth Management                                                                                                                      13.3 %     11.6 %
                               Mackenzie                                                                                                                                 19.1 %     16.8 %




                                                                 Management's Discussion and Analysis | IGM Financial Inc. 2024 Third Quarter Report                                         63
                              C  60                                      P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
     Company’s President and Chief Executive Officer has overall                              We strive to deliver strong investment performance on our
     responsibility for management of the Company. The Company’s                              products relative to benchmarks and peers. Poor investment
     activities are carried out principally by two operating                                  performance relative to benchmarks or peers could reduce
     companies – Investors Group Inc. and Mackenzie Financial                                 the level of AUM and sales and asset retention, as well as
     Corporation – each of which are managed by a President and                               adversely impact our brands and reputation. Meaningful and/
     Chief Executive Officer. The Company also has a strategy                                 or sustained underperformance could affect the Company’s
     execution oversight function and committee that reviews                                  results. Our objective is to cultivate investment processes and
     and approves strategic initiative business cases and oversees                            disciplines that give us a competitive advantage, and we do this
     progress against our strategic priorities and objectives.                                by diversifying our AUM and product shelf by investment team,
                                                                                              brand, asset class, mandate, style and geographic region.
     The President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company,
     in collaboration with the Board of Directors, is responsible                             Business / Client Relationships
     each year to develop, review and update the Company’s
                                                                                              This risk refers to the potential for unfavourable impacts on
     strategic plan. The strategic plan sets out both the annual and
                                                                                              IGM Financial resulting from changes to key business or client
     longer-term objectives for the Company in light of emerging
                                                                                              relationships. These relationships primarily include IG Wealth
     opportunities and risks and with a view to the Company’s
                                                                                              Management clients and advisors, Mackenzie retail distribution,
     sustained profitable growth and long-term value creation.
                                                                                              strategic and significant business partners, clients of Mackenzie
     The Board is responsible for approving the Company’s overall
                                                                                              funds, and sub‑advisors and other product suppliers.
     business strategy. In carrying out this responsibility, the Board
     reviews the short-, medium- and long-term risks associated                               IG Wealth Management derives all of its investment fund
     with the strategic plan, considers the strengths and potential                           sales, insurance sales, and mortgage and banking sales
     weaknesses of trends and opportunities, and approves the                                 through its advisor network. IG Wealth Management advisors
     Company’s annual business, financial and capital management                              have regular direct contact with clients which can lead to a
     plans. A portion of each Board meeting is dedicated to                                   strong and personal client relationship based on the client’s
     discussion of strategic matters including receiving updates on                           confidence in that individual advisor. The market for advisors is
     the progress and implementation of the strategic plan.                                   extremely competitive. The loss of a significant number of key
                                                                                              advisors could lead to the loss of client accounts which could
     Competitive Risk                                                                         have an adverse effect on IG Wealth Management’s results
                                                                                              of operations and business prospects, as well as our culture
     Product / Service Offering
                                                                                              and ability to attract key advisors. IG Wealth Management is
     This risk refers to the potential for unfavourable impacts on                            focused on strengthening its distribution network of advisors
     IGM Financial resulting from inadequate product or service                               and on responding to the complex financial needs of its clients
     performance, quality or breadth.                                                         by delivering a diverse range of products and services in the
     IGM Financial, including its subsidiaries and strategic                                  context of personalized financial advice.
     investments, operate in a highly competitive environment,                                Mackenzie derives the majority of its mutual fund sales through
     competing with other financial service providers, investment                             third party financial advisors. Financial advisors generally
     managers and product and service types. Client development                               offer their clients investment products in addition to, and in
     and retention can be influenced by a number of factors,                                  competition with Mackenzie. Mackenzie also derives sales
     including investment performance, products and services                                  of its investment products and services from its strategic
     offered by competitors, relative service levels, relative                                alliance and institutional clients. Due to the nature of the
     pricing, product attributes, reputation and actions taken by                             distribution relationship in these relationships and the relative
     competitors. This competition could have an adverse impact                               size of these accounts, gross sale and redemption activity
     upon the Company’s financial position and operating results.




                                                                                                                                                                   PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                                                                              can be more pronounced in these accounts than in a retail
     Please refer to The Competitive Landscape section of this                                relationship. Mackenzie’s ability to market its investment
     MD&A for further discussion.                                                             products is highly dependent on continued access to these
     We provide Wealth Management advisors, independent                                       distribution networks. Lack of access could have a material
     financial advisors, as well as retail and institutional clients                          adverse effect on Mackenzie’s operating results and business
     with a high level of service and support and a broad range                               prospects. Mackenzie is well positioned to manage this risk and
     of investment products, with a focus on building enduring                                to continue to build and enhance its distribution relationships.
     relationships. The Company’s subsidiaries also continually                               Mackenzie’s diverse portfolio of financial products and its long‑
     review their respective product and service offering and pricing                         term investment performance record, marketing, educational
     to ensure competitiveness in the marketplace.                                            and service support has made Mackenzie one of Canada’s




64 IGM Financial Inc. 2024 Third Quarter Report | Management's Discussion and Analysis
                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                             C  61
                              leading investment management companies. These factors                               Catastrophic events can cause economic uncertainty,
                              are discussed further in the Asset Management Review of the                          affect investor confidence, income levels and financial
                              Business section of this MD&A.                                                       planning decisions. This could affect the level and volatility
                                                                                                                   of financial markets and the level of the Company’s AUM&A.
                              Regulatory Development Risk                                                          The Company has an insurance review process where it
                                                                                                                   assesses and determines the nature and extent of insurance
                              This is the potential for changes to regulatory, legal, or tax
                                                                                                                   that is appropriate to provide adequate protection against
                              requirements that may have an adverse impact on the
                                                                                                                   unexpected losses, and where it is required by law, regulators
                              Company’s business activities or financial results.
                                                                                                                   or contractual agreements.
                              We are exposed to the risk of changes in laws, taxation and
                              regulation that could have an adverse impact on the Company,                         Environmental and Social Risk
                              including changes in foreign jurisdictions in which the Company                      (Including Climate Change)
                              or companies it invests in have operations. Particular regulatory
                                                                                                                   This is the potential for financial loss or other unfavourable
                              initiatives may have the effect of making the products of the
                                                                                                                   impacts resulting from the Company’s inability to manage
                              Company’s subsidiaries appear to be less competitive than the
                                                                                                                   or respond to changing environmental or social (E&S) issues
                              products of other financial service providers, to third party
                                                                                                                   connected to our business operations, investment activities,
                              distribution channels and to clients. Regulatory differences
                                                                                                                   meeting our sustainability commitments, and increasingly for
                              that may impact the competitiveness of the Company’s
                                                                                                                   regulatory compliance. We recognize that E&S risks can be
                              products include regulatory costs, tax treatment, disclosure
                                                                                                                   within our operations or impact stakeholders along our supply
                              requirements, transaction processes or other differences
                                                                                                                   chain, including clients, investee companies and suppliers.
                              that may be as a result of differing regulation or application of
                              regulation. Regulatory developments may also impact product                          On March 13, 2024, the Canadian Sustainability Standards Board
                              structures, pricing, and dealer and advisor compensation.                            (CSSB) released its first two proposed Canadian sustainability
                              While the Company and its subsidiaries actively monitor such                         disclosure standards: Canadian Sustainability Disclosure
                              initiatives, and where feasible comment upon or discuss them                         Standard (CSDS) 1 – General Requirements for Disclosure of
                              with regulators, the ability of the Company and its subsidiaries                     Sustainability-related Financial Information and CSDS 2 – Climate-
                              to mitigate the imposition of differential regulatory treatment of                   related Disclosures. CSDS 1 sets out the general requirements
                              financial products or services is limited.                                           for disclosing material information about sustainability-related
                                                                                                                   risks and opportunities to meet investor information needs, and
                              The Company continuously monitors regulatory developments,
                                                                                                                   CSDS 2 sets out specific disclosure requirements for climate‑
                              guidance and communications.
                                                                                                                   related risks and opportunities and is designed to be used with
                                                                                                                   CSDS 1. The proposed standards are aligned with the previously
                              Acquisition Risk                                                                     issued International Sustainability Standards Board (ISSB)
                              This risk refers to the potential that desired objectives are                        standards with the exception of a Canadian-specific effective
                              not attained from the Company’s acquisitions and strategic                           date of January 1, 2025 and transition relief. The proposed
                              investments. The Company undertakes thorough due diligence                           standards are voluntary until required by the Canadian Securities
                              prior to completing an acquisition, but there is no assurance                        Administrators. The Company will continue to monitor any
                              that the Company will achieve the expected strategic objectives                      updates and future developments.
                              or cost and revenue synergies subsequent to an acquisition.
                                                                                                                   Environmental risks include issues such as climate change,
                              Subsequent changes in the economic environment and other
                                                                                                                   biodiversity and land use, pollution, waste, and the
                              unanticipated factors may affect the Company’s ability to
                                                                                                                   unsustainable use of energy, water and other resources. Social
                              achieve expected earnings growth or expense reductions.
                                                                                                                   risks include issues such as human rights; labour standards;




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                              The success of an acquisition and of the Company’s strategic
                                                                                                                   diversity, equity and inclusion; Indigenous reconciliation; and
                              investments is dependent on retaining AUM, clients, and key
                                                                                                                   community impacts.
                              employees of an acquired company.
                                                                                                                   The Company’s Executive Risk Management Committee is
                                                                                                                   responsible for oversight of the risk management process,
                              Natural or Human Caused Disasters
                                                                                                                   including E&S and climate change risks. The Executive
                              This is the risk that events such as earthquakes, floods, fire,                      Sustainability Committee is responsible for ensuring central
                              tornadoes, pandemics, or terrorism could adversely affect the                        management governance for sustainability across IGM,
                              Company’s financial performance.                                                     including policy and strategy, goals and targets, measuring
                                                                                                                   progress, and reviewing public reports and disclosures.




                                                                   Management's Discussion and Analysis | IGM Financial Inc. 2024 Third Quarter Report                                  65
                              C  62                                         P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
     Our commitment to responsible management is demonstrated                                 are in place to identify and manage risks and establish risk
     through various mechanisms. These include our Code                                       tolerances; ensuring that appropriate policies, procedures and
     of Conduct for directors, officers and employees; our                                    controls are implemented to manage risks; and reviewing the
     Supplier Code of Conduct; our Workplace Harassment and                                   risk management process on a regular basis to confirm that it
     Discrimination Prevention Policy; our Diversity Policy; our                              is functioning effectively.
     Environmental Policy; and other related policies.
                                                                                              Senior management at each of our operating companies
     IG Wealth Management and Mackenzie Investments, and their                                have primary ownership and accountability for the ongoing
     investment sub-advisors, are signatories to the Principles for                           climate risk and opportunity management associated with
     Responsible Investment (PRI). Under the PRI, investors formally                          their respective activities. Our Executive Risk Management
     commit to incorporate environmental, social and governance                               and Executive Sustainability Committees perform oversight
     (ESG) issues into their investment decision making and active                            functions, and our Chief Risk Officer oversees implementation
     ownership processes. In addition, our operating companies                                of the Corporate Sustainability and Risk Management
     have implemented Sustainable Investment Policies outlining the                           programs, reporting into the President and Chief Executive
     practices at each company.                                                               Officer. The Chief Financial Officer is responsible for financial
                                                                                              reporting, including oversight for any future sustainability-
     IGM Financial reports annually on sustainability management and
                                                                                              related financial disclosures.
     performance in its Sustainability Report available on our website.
                                                                                              Other management committees and working groups also
     IGM Financial is a long-standing participant in the CDP (formerly
                                                                                              oversee climate-related governance across the Company.
     Carbon Disclosure Project), which promotes corporate
     disclosures on greenhouse gas emissions and climate change                               Strategy
     management including setting and monitoring emission
                                                                                              Through IGM Financial’s wealth and asset management
     reduction targets.
                                                                                              businesses, the company plays a role in the global transition to
     Global practices are continually evolving relating to the                                a low-carbon economy, with a focus on three key areas:
     identification, analysis, and management of climate risks and
                                                                                              1. Investing in a greener, climate resilient economy – Our
     opportunities. The Financial Stability Board’s Task Force on
                                                                                                 investment processes and products give us the opportunity
     Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) was established
                                                                                                 to manage climate risks and create innovative solutions to
     in response to investor demand for enhanced information on
                                                                                                 our ongoing climate issues.
     climate‑related risks and opportunities. IGM Financial and its
     operating companies support the TCFD recommendations                                     2. Collaborating and engaging to help shape the global transition –
     which include a framework for consistent, voluntary climate-                                We play a role in bringing climate-smart investment advice
     related financial disclosures that provide decision‑useful                                  and solutions to clients, helping companies adapt, and
     information to investors, analysts, rating agencies and other                               participating in industry and policy advancements.
     stakeholders. Various global regulators and standard setting
                                                                                              3. Demonstrating alignment through our corporate actions – We
     bodies, including the International Sustainability Standards
                                                                                                  will hold ourselves to a similar standard that we expect from
     Board, are publishing guidelines and standards aligned with
                                                                                                  the companies we invest in and empower our employees to
     the TCFD recommendations.
                                                                                                  stand behind our commitments.

     TCFD Disclosure                                                                          Our operating companies are active participants in collaborative
     The TCFD recommends that organizations disclose information                              industry groups that support our climate commitments by
     about climate‑related risks and opportunities in four areas:                             engaging companies on improving climate change governance,
     governance, strategy, risk management, and metrics and targets.                          reducing emissions and strengthening climate‑related financial




                                                                                                                                                                     PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                                                                              disclosures. IGM Financial also joined the Partnership for Carbon
     Governance                                                                               Accounting Financials (PCAF) to support our journey to measure
     Our Board is responsible for providing oversight on risk and                             and disclose the greenhouse gas emissions associated with our
     strategy, which includes sustainability and climate-related                              mortgage loans and investments.
     matters. The Board meets with management at least annually
                                                                                              Climate‑related risks and opportunities are identified and
     to discuss plans and emerging ESG issues, including climate.
                                                                                              assessed within IGM Financial through our business planning
     Through its Risk Committee, the Board is responsible for                                 processes which define our strategic priorities, initiatives and
     ensuring that material ESG and climate‑related risks are                                 budgets. Our climate‑related risks and opportunities can be
     appropriately identified, managed and monitored. Its                                     grouped into the physical impacts of climate change and the
     responsibilities include ensuring that appropriate procedures                            impacts related to the transition to a low-carbon economy.




66 IGM Financial Inc. 2024 Third Quarter Report | Management's Discussion and Analysis
                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                               C  63
                              Risks                                                                               focused on thematic investing to combat climate change;
                              Our climate risks relate primarily to the potential for physical                    the launch of the Betterworld team in 2021, that invests in
                              or transition risks to: negatively affect the performance of                        companies making a positive impact on the people and the
                              our clients’ investments, resulting in reduced fee revenue;                         planet, and funds prioritizing sustainability and ESG-labelled
                              harm our reputation; create market risks through shifts in                          debt, including green bonds.
                              product demand; or lead to new regulatory, legal or disclosure
                                                                                                                  IG Wealth Management has integrated environmental and
                              requirements that could affect our business. Diversification
                                                                                                                  climate issues into its sub-advisory selection and oversight
                              within and across our investment portfolios aids in managing
                                                                                                                  processes, and product development strategy. In 2021,
                              exposure to any one company, sector or geographic region that
                                                                                                                  IG Wealth Management launched its Climate Action Portfolios,
                              might be exposed to climate-related risks. We are also exposed
                                                                                                                  a suite of four diversified managed solutions which aim to
                              to the impact of extreme weather events on our corporate
                                                                                                                  provide clients with the opportunity to support and benefit
                              properties which could lead to business disruption, and on
                                                                                                                  from the global transition to net zero emissions.
                              the valuations of investment properties and client mortgages,
                              which if not addressed proactively, could affect financial                          Scenarios
                              performance and the ability to use the assets long-term.
                                                                                                                  We have implemented tools for our investment funds to
                              Our operating companies are committed to sustainable investing                      enhance our quantitative assessment of climate risks by
                              programs and policies that include a focus on climate risk.                         analyzing emissions and other climate-related information at
                                                                                                                  the investee company, asset class and portfolio levels. This
                              We provide data and tools for our investment teams to carry
                                                                                                                  system enables us to model potential transition pathways and
                              out current and forward-looking climate analysis and we
                                                                                                                  track our portfolios against the goal of limiting global warming
                              integrate material climate risks into our investment and oversight
                                                                                                                  to 2°C above pre-industrial levels and examine the adequacy
                              processes for investment management sub-advisors. As part
                                                                                                                  of emissions reductions over time in meeting the goals of the
                              of the hiring process and ongoing assessment of sub‑advisors,
                                                                                                                  Paris Agreement. We are exploring scenario analysis tools with
                              our teams request information about how ESG, including
                                                                                                                  external data providers to support us in our efforts to run
                              climate risks and opportunities, is resourced, what processes
                                                                                                                  climate-related scenario analysis across our business.
                              and tools are used, metrics and targets, and how strategy and
                              governance are influenced. As we continue to implement the                          Risk Management
                              TCFD recommendations, we are devoting increased resources to                        The identification and assessment of risks, including climate
                              areas such as training, analysis, metrics, target-setting, strategy                 change, is coordinated through the Risk function who provide
                              planning and working with collaborative organizations.                              oversight, analysis and reporting on the level of risks relative to
                              IG Wealth Management and Mackenzie, and their investment                            the established risk appetite of the Company. The Risk function
                              sub-advisors, are signatories to the PRI. Under the PRI, investors                  identifies possible risks that could impact our business through
                              formally commit to incorporate ESG issues, including climate                        methods such as: (i) risk workshops with business units across
                              change, into their investment decision making and active                            the organization, (ii) risk surveys completed by senior leaders
                              ownership processes. In addition, IG Wealth Management and                          and business unit management, (iii) discussions with key
                              Mackenzie have implemented sustainable investing policies                           stakeholders and business partners, and (iv) by conducting
                              outlining the practices at their respective companies.                              research on emerging risks and internal and external events
                                                                                                                  impacting our business. We use a consistent methodology
                              Opportunities                                                                       across our organizations and business units for identification
                              We are focused on meeting growing demand for sustainable                            and assessment of risks, considering factors both internal and
                              investing and the opportunity to invest in the transition to                        external to the organization. Risks are broadly grouped into
                              a net-zero economy. We are also increasing our focus on                             three categories: financial, operational, and strategic/business




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                              educating and communicating with clients and advisors on                            risks. Climate risk is captured under strategic risks, but we are
                              sustainable investing and climate change.                                           also increasingly focused on defining the relationship of climate
                                                                                                                  risk to other risks.
                              At Mackenzie Investments, sustainable investing is an area of
                              strategic emphasis, and we have established a dedicated team                        Once identified, possible risks are assessed by taking into
                              within Mackenzie’s Sustainability Centre of Excellence who bring                    consideration both the likelihood and severity of the impact
                              focus to ESG and climate within asset management. Mackenzie                         of the risk event using a standard set of assessment criteria
                              has expanded its suite of funds investing to directly support                       including consideration of financial, reputational, operational,
                              the transition to a low-carbon economy through its acquisition                      and regulatory/compliance impact. Based on the assessment,
                              of Greenchip, an investment boutique which is exclusively                           the Risk function will consider our risk appetite and work with




                                                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis | IGM Financial Inc. 2024 Third Quarter Report                                   67
                              C  64                                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
     the business to put in place measures to mitigate, transfer, or                          initiatives where the collective investor voice has more influence.
     accept the risk or capitalize on opportunities.                                          At IG Wealth Management, investment management sub-
                                                                                              advisors including Mackenzie are responsible for engagement
     Risk assessments are monitored and reviewed on an ongoing
                                                                                              activities and IG Wealth Management monitors their practices as
     basis by business units and by oversight areas including the
                                                                                              part of regular due diligence and oversight.
     Risk function. The Risk function promotes and coordinates
     communication and consultation to support effective risk                                 Mackenzie Investments is a founding participant in Climate
     management and escalation. It regularly reports on the results                           Engagement Canada and participates in CERES’ Investor Network
     of risk assessments and on the assessment process to the                                 on Climate Risk. Both Mackenzie and IG Wealth Management
     Executive Risk Management Committee and to the Board                                     joined Climate Action 100+ and became founding signatories to
     Risk Committee.                                                                          the Canadian Investor Statement on Climate Change.

     At Mackenzie Investments, each boutique investment team is                               Metrics and Targets
     responsible for determining when and how climate transition
                                                                                              We set, monitor and report on climate change-related metrics
     and physical risks are material, and for incorporating these
                                                                                              and targets annually in our CDP response and our Sustainability
     risks into their investment process. We have focused on
                                                                                              Report which are available on our website. Mackenzie
     developing resources and tools to assess climate‑related
                                                                                              Investments also joined the Net Zero Asset Managers initiative.
     risks and opportunities for our Mackenzie managed equity
     portfolios. Through these tools we can assess historical                                 At Mackenzie, each boutique investment team is responsible
     greenhouse gas emissions data and portfolio temperature                                  for integrating ESG into its investment process, including
     alignment to identify the highest emitters and inform                                    determining appropriate GHG emissions and other metrics to
     engagement activities with companies facing transition risks. At                         assess climate‑related risks and opportunities in investment
     IG Wealth Management, management evaluates the sustainable                               strategies. The teams have access to ESG data tools and
     investing practices of investment manager sub‑advisors,                                  metrics to support their assessment.
     including the integration of climate risks into their investment
                                                                                              We currently report Scope 1, 2 and 3 GHG emissions, where
     and active ownership practice.
                                                                                              possible, including a portion of our Scope 3 investment
                                                                                              emissions and weighted average carbon intensity. We are
     Engagement
                                                                                              continuing to expand and enhance our measurement and
     To maximize stewardship efforts, engagement at Mackenzie is
                                                                                              reporting of emissions related to our investment portfolios
     undertaken through direct conversations between portfolio
                                                                                              as tools and information improves.
     managers and companies/issuers; through Mackenzie firm-
     wide engagements; and through collaborations with peers on




     The Financial Services Environment
     Canadians held $6.7 trillion in discretionary financial assets with                      Financial advisors represent the primary distribution channel
     financial institutions at December 31, 2023 based on the most                            for IGM Financial’s products and services, and the core
     recent report from Investor Economics. The nature of holdings                            emphasis of our business model is to support these financial
     was diverse, ranging from demand deposits held for short-                                advisors as they work with clients to plan for and achieve their




                                                                                                                                                                    PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
     term cash management purposes to longer‑term investments                                 financial goals. Multiple sources of emerging research show
     held for retirement purposes. Approximately 60% ($4.0 trillion)                          significantly better financial outcomes for Canadians who use
     of these financial assets are held within the context of a                               financial advisors compared to those who do not. We actively
     relationship with a financial advisor, and this is the primary                           promote the value of financial advice and the importance of a
     channel serving the longer‑term savings needs of Canadians. Of                           relationship with an advisor to develop and remain focused on
     the $2.4 trillion held outside of a financial advisory relationship,                     long‑term financial plans and goals.
     approximately 61% consisted of bank deposits.
                                                                                              Approximately 36% of Canadian discretionary financial assets
                                                                                              or $2.4 trillion resided in investment funds at December 31,




68 IGM Financial Inc. 2024 Third Quarter Report | Management's Discussion and Analysis
                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                              C  65
                              2023, making it the largest financial asset class held by                           The Competitive Landscape
                              Canadians. Other asset types include deposit products and
                                                                                                                  IG Wealth Management competes directly with other retail
                              direct securities such as stocks and bonds. Approximately
                                                                                                                  financial service providers in the advice segment, including
                              74% of investment funds are comprised of mutual fund
                                                                                                                  other financial planning firms, as well as full service brokerages,
                              products, with other product categories including segregated
                                                                                                                  banks and insurance companies. Mackenzie Investments
                              funds, hedge funds, pooled funds, closed end funds and
                                                                                                                  competes directly with other investment managers for AUM,
                              exchange traded funds. With $189 billion in investment fund
                                                                                                                  and our products compete with stocks, bonds and other asset
                              AUM at September 30, 2024, IGM Financial is among the
                                                                                                                  classes for a share of Canadians’ investment assets.
                              country’s largest investment fund managers. We believe that
                              investment funds are likely to remain the preferred savings                         Competition from other financial service providers, alternative
                              vehicle of Canadians. They offer the benefits of diversification,                   product types or delivery channels, and changes in regulations
                              professional management, flexibility and convenience, and are                       or public preferences could impact the characteristics of
                              available in a broad range of mandates and structures to meet                       our product and service offerings, including pricing, product
                              most investor requirements and preferences.                                         structures, dealer and advisor compensation and disclosure.
                                                                                                                  We monitor developments on an ongoing basis, and engage in
                              Traditional distinctions between bank branches, full-service
                                                                                                                  policy discussions and develop product and service responses
                              brokerages, financial planning firms and insurance agent sales
                                                                                                                  as appropriate.
                              forces have become obscured as many of these financial
                              service providers strive to offer comprehensive financial                           IGM Financial continues to focus on our commitment to
                              advice implemented through access to a broad product                                provide quality investment advice and financial products,
                              shelf. Accordingly, the Canadian financial services industry                        service innovations, effective and responsible management
                              is characterized by a number of large, diversified, vertically-                     of the Company and long-term value for our clients and
                              integrated participants, similar to IGM Financial, that offer both                  shareholders. This includes efforts to modernize our
                              financial planning and investment management services.                              digital platforms and technology infrastructure to enhance
                                                                                                                  operations, achieve efficiencies and improve the service
                              Canadian banks distribute financial products and services
                                                                                                                  experience for our clients. We believe that IGM Financial is
                              through their traditional bank branches, as well as through their
                                                                                                                  well-positioned to meet competitive challenges and capitalize
                              full service and discount brokerage subsidiaries. Bank branches
                                                                                                                  on future growth opportunities.
                              continue to place increased emphasis on both financial planning
                              and mutual funds. In addition, each of the “big six” banks has                      Our competitive strength includes:
                              one or more mutual fund management subsidiaries. Collectively,                      • Broad and diversified distribution through more
                              mutual fund assets of the “big six” bank-owned mutual fund                            than 35,000 financial advisors, with an emphasis on
                              managers and affiliated firms represented 47% of total industry                       comprehensive financial planning.
                              long-term mutual fund assets at September 30, 2024.
                                                                                                                  • Broad product capabilities, leading brands and quality
                              The Canadian mutual fund industry continues to be very                                  sub-advisory relationships.
                              concentrated, with the 10 largest firms and their subsidiaries                      • Enduring client relationships and the long‑standing
                              representing 71% of industry long-term mutual fund assets                             heritages and cultures of its subsidiaries.
                              and 71% of total mutual fund AUM at September 30, 2024.                             • Benefits of being part of the Power Corporation group
                              We anticipate continuing consolidation in this segment                                of companies.
                              of the industry as smaller participants are acquired by
                              larger organizations.
                                                                                                                  Broad and Diversified Distribution
                              We believe that the financial services industry will continue to
                                                                                                                  In addition to owning one of Canada’s largest financial




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                              be influenced by the following trends:
                                                                                                                  planning organizations, IG Wealth Management, IGM Financial
                              • Shifting demographics as the number of Canadians in their                         has, through Mackenzie, access to distribution through over
                                prime savings and retirement years continues to increase.                         30,000 independent financial advisors. Mackenzie also, in
                              • Changes in investor attitudes based on economic conditions.                       its growing strategic alliance business, partners with global
                              • Continued importance of the role of the financial advisor.                        manufacturing and distribution entities to provide investment
                              • Public policy related to retirement savings.                                      management services.

                              • Changes in the regulatory environment.
                              • A highly competitive landscape.
                              • Advancing and changing technology.




                                                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis | IGM Financial Inc. 2024 Third Quarter Report                                   69
                              C  66                                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
     Broad Product Capabilities                                                              Part of the Power Corporation
     Our subsidiaries continue to develop and launch innovative
                                                                                             Group of Companies
     products and strategic investment planning tools to assist                              As part of the Power Corporation group of companies,
     advisors in building optimized portfolios for clients.                                  IGM Financial benefits through expense savings from shared
                                                                                             service arrangements, as well as through access to distribution,
     Enduring Client Relationships                                                           products and capital.

     IGM Financial enjoys significant advantages as a result of the
     enduring relationships that advisors have developed with
     clients. In addition, our subsidiaries have strong heritages and
     cultures which are challenging for competitors to replicate.




     Critical Accounting Estimates and Policies
     Summary of Critical Accounting Estimates                                                Future Accounting Changes
     There were no changes to the Company’s assumptions related                              The Company continuously monitors the changes proposed
     to critical accounting estimates from those reported at                                 by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) and
     December 31, 2023.                                                                      analyzes the effect that changes in the standards may have
                                                                                             on the Company’s operations.

     Changes in Accounting Policies                                                          The IASB is currently undertaking a number of projects which
                                                                                             will result in changes to existing IFRS standards that may affect
     IAS 12 – Income Taxes
                                                                                             the Company. Updates will be provided as the projects develop.
     The Company adopted the amendments to IFRS for IAS 12 –
     Income Taxes effective May 2023 and has applied the exception
     to recognizing and disclosing information about deferred
     tax assets and liabilities related to Pillar Two model rules
     published by the Organization for Economic Co-operation and
     Development (OECD).




                                                                                                                                                                 PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.




70 IGM Financial Inc. 2024 Third Quarter Report | Management's Discussion and Analysis
                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                           C  67
                              Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
                              During the third quarter of 2024, there have been no changes
                              in the Company’s internal control over financial reporting that
                              have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially
                              affect, the Company’s internal control over financial reporting.




                              Other Information
                              Transactions with Related Parties                                                  SEDAR
                              There were no changes to the types of related party                                Additional information relating to IGM Financial, including
                              transactions from those reported at December 31, 2023.                             the Company’s most recent financial statements and Annual
                              For further information on transactions involving related                          Information Form, is available at www.sedarplus.ca.
                              parties, see Notes 3, 10 and 28 to the Company’s Consolidated
                              Financial Statements included in the 2023 IGM Financial Inc.
                              Annual Report.


                              Outstanding Share Data
                              Outstanding common shares of IGM Financial as at
                              September 30, 2024 totalled 236,629,506. Outstanding
                              stock options as at September 30, 2024 totalled 10,299,940
                              of which 7,058,839 were exercisable. As at October 31,
                              2024, outstanding common shares totalled 236,758,023
                              and outstanding stock options totalled 10,025,198 of which
                              6,784,097 were exercisable.




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.




                                                                 Management's Discussion and Analysis | IGM Financial Inc. 2024 Third Quarter Report                           71
                              C  68                                       P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
     Interim Condensed Consolidated
     Financial Statements
     Consolidated Statements of Earnings
     (unaudited) (in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share amounts)



                                                                                                              Three months ended September 30          Nine months ended September 30
                                                                                                                            2024              2023              2024             2023

     Revenues
      Wealth management (Note 4)                                                                                $      616,037         $   563,068     $   1,788,648    $   1,649,661

      Asset management                                                                                                 253,333             239,952          741,045          714,758
      Dealer compensation expense                                                                                      (82,778)            (78,648)         (243,942)        (237,397)
      Net asset management (Note 4)                                                                                    170,555             161,304          497,103          477,361

      Net investment income and other                                                                                   10,106               8,010           35,703           27,067
      Gain on sale of Lifeco shares (Note 9)                                                                                   –                  –                –         172,977
      Proportionate share of associates’ earnings (Note 9)                                                              56,455              38,474          159,670          149,494
                                                                                                                       853,153             770,856         2,481,124        2,476,560
     Expenses (Note 5)
      Advisory and business development                                                                                278,250             253,224          822,404          752,929
      Operations and support                                                                                           211,405             196,450          621,196          696,896
      Sub-advisory                                                                                                      19,978              16,876           56,882           49,044
      Interest                                                                                                          32,438              32,519           96,916           90,694
                                                                                                                       542,071             499,069         1,597,398        1,589,563
     Earnings before income taxes                                                                                      311,082             271,787          883,726          886,997
     Income taxes                                                                                                       71,229              60,410          201,816          159,209
     Net earnings from continuing operations                                                                           239,853             211,377          681,910          727,788
     Net earnings from discontinued operations (Note 3)                                                                        –             (1,511)               –           3,407
     Net earnings                                                                                                      239,853             209,866          681,910           731,195
     Non‑controlling interest (Notes 3, 9)                                                                                 (672)              (110)           (3,157)          (1,900)
     Net earnings available to common shareholders                                                              $      239,181         $   209,756     $    678,753     $    729,295
     Earnings per share (in dollars) (Note 16)
      Net earnings available to common shareholders from continuing operations
        – Basic                                                                                                 $          1.01        $      0.89     $        2.86    $        3.05
        – Diluted                                                                                               $          1.01        $      0.89     $        2.86    $        3.04
      Net earnings available to common shareholders
        – Basic                                                                                                 $          1.01        $      0.88     $        2.86    $        3.06
        – Diluted                                                                                               $          1.01        $      0.88     $        2.86    $        3.06

     (See accompanying notes to interim condensed consolidated financial statements)




                                                                                                                                                                                         PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.




72 IGM Financial Inc. 2024 Third Quarter Report | Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
                                         P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                           C  69
                              Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income
                              (unaudited) (in thousands of Canadian dollars)



                                                                                                                                     Three months ended September 30              Nine months ended September 30
                                                                                                                                                   2024                 2023               2024             2023

                              Net earnings                                                                                             $      239,853       $      209,866        $    681,910    $     731,195

                              Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax
                               Items that will not be reclassified to Net earnings
                                 Fair value through other comprehensive income investments
                                  Other comprehensive income (loss) (Note 6), net of tax of $(50,946), $113, $(80,040)
                                  and $1,139                                                                                                  326,431                   (726)          519,314            (1,159)
                                 Employee benefits
                                  Net actuarial gains (losses), net of tax of $2,096, $(9,832), $(13,849) and $(6,752)                          (5,711)              26,694             37,709          18,334
                                 Investment in associates – employee benefits and other
                                  Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax of nil                                                             974                   (97)             3,514              18

                               Items that may be reclassified subsequently to Net earnings
                                 Investment in associates and other
                                  Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax of $(723), $3,731, $(2,248) and $7,025                         35,244                47,837             77,696          (87,928)
                                                                                                                                              356,938                73,708            638,233          (70,735)
                              Total comprehensive income                                                                               $      596,791       $      283,574        $   1,320,143   $    660,460

                              (See accompanying notes to interim condensed consolidated financial statements)




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.




                                                    Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements | IGM Financial Inc. 2024 Third Quarter Report                                                              73
                              C  70                                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
     Consolidated Balance Sheets
     (unaudited) (in thousands of Canadian dollars)



                                                                                                                                            September 30       December 31
                                                                                                                                                   2024              2023

     Assets
     Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                          $      640,132     $     544,633
     Other investments (Note 6)                                                                                                               1,489,399          863,598
     Client funds on deposit                                                                                                                  2,721,970         3,365,722
     Accounts and other receivables                                                                                                            290,935            335,552
     Income taxes recoverable                                                                                                                     1,783            38,292
     Loans (Note 7)                                                                                                                           5,367,169         5,108,696
     Derivative financial instruments                                                                                                            29,554            42,729
     Other assets                                                                                                                              174,798            112,474
     Investment in associates (Note 9)                                                                                                        3,796,672         3,659,174
     Capital assets                                                                                                                            300,059            306,961
     Capitalized sales commissions                                                                                                             411,773           394,736
     Deferred income taxes                                                                                                                          908             3,232
     Intangible assets                                                                                                                        1,265,673         1,250,712
     Goodwill                                                                                                                                 2,636,771         2,636,771
                                                                                                                                        $    19,127,596    $   18,663,282

     Liabilities
     Accounts payable and accrued liabilities                                                                                           $      445,509     $     444,690
     Income taxes payable                                                                                                                        18,618             9,535
     Derivative financial instruments                                                                                                            33,974            49,580
     Deposits and certificates                                                                                                                2,725,858         3,344,190
     Other liabilities                                                                                                                         374,701            394,926
     Obligations to securitization entities (Note 8)                                                                                          4,838,816         4,687,827
     Lease obligations                                                                                                                         161,802            169,940
     Deferred income taxes                                                                                                                     546,303            442,186
     Long-term debt                                                                                                                           2,400,000         2,400,000
                                                                                                                                             11,545,581        11,942,874

     Shareholders’ Equity
     Share capital
      Common shares                                                                                                                           1,697,694         1,690,626
     Contributed surplus                                                                                                                         59,437            57,926
     Retained earnings                                                                                                                        4,809,460         4,595,620
     Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)                                                                                             954,561            316,290
     Non‑controlling interest                                                                                                                    60,863            59,946
                                                                                                                                              7,582,015         6,720,408
                                                                                                                                        $    19,127,596    $   18,663,282

     These interim condensed consolidated financial statements were approved and authorized for issuance by the Board of Directors on November 7, 2024.

     (See accompanying notes to interim condensed consolidated financial statements)




                                                                                                                                                                             PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.




74 IGM Financial Inc. 2024 Third Quarter Report | Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
                                         P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                C  71
                              Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders’ Equity
                              (unaudited) (in thousands of Canadian dollars)


                                                                                                                                                                  Accumulated
                                                                                                Share capital                                                            other
                                                                                                  – Common                                                      comprehensive              Non–                 Total
                                                                                                       shares         Contributed              Retained           income (loss)       controlling       shareholders’
                              Nine months ended September 30                                         (Note 10)            surplus              earnings               (Note 13)         interest              equity

                              2024
                              Balance, beginning of period                                  $    1,690,626       $        57,926       $   4,595,620        $       316,290       $     59,946      $    6,720,408

                              Net earnings                                                                  –                    –            681,910                        –                 –           681,910
                              Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax                                 –                    –                    –             638,233                    –           638,233
                              Total comprehensive income (loss)                                             –                    –            681,910               638,233                    –         1,320,143

                              Common shares
                               Issued under stock option plan                                        21,803                      –                    –                      –                 –             21,803
                               Purchased for cancellation                                           (14,735)                     –                    –                      –                 –            (14,735)
                              Stock options
                               Current period expense                                                       –              2,532                      –                      –                 –              2,532
                               Exercised                                                                    –             (1,021)                     –                      –                 –             (1,021)
                              Common share dividends                                                        –                    –           (400,086)                       –                 –          (400,086)
                              Non‑controlling interest                                                      –                    –              (3,157)                      –             917               (2,240)
                              Transfer out of fair value through other
                              comprehensive income                                                          –                    –                  (38)                   38                  –                   –
                              Common share cancellation excess and other                                    –                    –            (64,789)                       –                 –            (64,789)
                              Balance, end of period                                        $    1,697,694       $        59,437       $   4,809,460        $       954,561       $     60,863      $    7,582,015

                              2023
                              Balance, beginning of period                                  $    1,672,799       $        54,134       $   3,973,456        $       362,766       $     66,677      $     6,129,832

                              Net earnings                                                                  –                    –            731,195                        –                 –            731,195
                              Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax                                 –                    –                    –              (70,735)                  –            (70,735)
                              Total comprehensive income (loss)                                             –                    –            731,195                (70,735)                  –           660,460

                              Common shares
                               Issued under stock option plan                                        17,716                      –                    –                      –                 –             17,716
                              Stock options
                               Current period expense                                                       –              3,241                      –                      –                 –              3,241
                               Exercised                                                                    –                (945)                    –                      –                 –               (945)
                              Common share dividends                                                        –                    –           (401,754)                       –                 –           (401,754)
                              Non‑controlling interest                                                      –                    –              (1,900)                      –           (8,450)            (10,350)
                              Disposal of investment in associate (Note 9)                                  –                    –              (2,017)              (16,008)                  –            (18,025)
                              Transfer out of fair value through other
                              comprehensive income                                                          –                    –                 (131)                  131                  –                   –
                              Other                                                                         –                    –             10,895                        –                 –             10,895
                              Balance, end of period                                        $    1,690,515       $        56,430       $   4,309,744        $        276,154      $     58,227      $    6,391,070

                              (See accompanying notes to interim condensed consolidated financial statements)




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.




                                                    Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements | IGM Financial Inc. 2024 Third Quarter Report                                                                  75
                              C  72                                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
     Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
     (unaudited) (in thousands of Canadian dollars)


     Nine months ended September 30                                                                                                              2024              2023

     Operating activities
      Earnings before income taxes from continuing and discontinued operations                                                         $     883,726     $     891,832
      Income taxes paid                                                                                                                     (142,925)         (179,741)
      Adjustments to determine net cash from operating activities
        Capitalized sales commission amortization                                                                                             78,210            68,981
        Capitalized sales commissions paid                                                                                                   (95,247)          (89,956)
        Amortization of capital, intangible and other assets                                                                                  68,947            79,979
        Proportionate share of associates’ earnings, net of dividends received                                                               (41,984)          (45,780)
        Pension and other post-employment benefits                                                                                             7,591             2,602
        Restructuring provisions and other                                                                                                          –         103,266
        Gain on sale of Lifeco shares (Note 9)                                                                                                      –         (172,977)
        Changes in operating assets and liabilities and other                                                                                 59,419             (1,607)
        Cash from operating activities before restructuring provision payments                                                               817,737          656,599
        Restructuring provision cash payments                                                                                                (23,575)           (47,519)
                                                                                                                                             794,162          609,080

     Financing activities
      Net increase (decrease) in deposits and certificates                                                                                          5               (21)
      Increase in obligations to securitization entities                                                                                   1,153,073          929,288
      Repayments of obligations to securitization entities and other                                                                       (1,009,760)        (882,393)
      Repayment of lease obligations                                                                                                         (19,325)          (17,690)
      Net proceeds on credit facility                                                                                                               –         550,000
      Issue of debentures                                                                                                                           –         300,000
      Issue of common shares                                                                                                                  20,782            16,770
      Common shares purchased for cancellation                                                                                               (75,786)                 –
      Common share dividends paid                                                                                                           (400,924)         (401,495)
                                                                                                                                            (331,935)         494,459

     Investing activities
      Purchase of other investments                                                                                                          (86,619)          (57,440)
      Proceeds from the sale of other investments                                                                                             64,294            54,424
      Increase in loans                                                                                                                    (1,128,856)        (889,569)
      Repayment of loans and other                                                                                                           862,632           837,390
      Net additions to capital assets                                                                                                        (15,331)          (19,699)
      Net cash used in additions to intangible assets and other                                                                              (62,763)          (79,101)
      Investment in ChinaAMC (Note 9)                                                                                                               –        (1,161,798)
      Investment in Rockefeller (Note 9)                                                                                                          (85)        (856,163)
      Proceeds from sale of Lifeco shares (Note 9)                                                                                                  –         552,655
                                                                                                                                            (366,728)        (1,619,301)
     Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                                                                                         95,499          (515,762)
     Cash and cash equivalents from continuing and discontinued operations, beginning of period                                              544,633         1,072,892
     Cash and cash equivalents, end of period                                                                                                640,132           557,130




                                                                                                                                                                           PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
     Less: Cash and cash equivalents from discontinued operations, end of period (Note 3)                                                           –           39,941

     Cash and cash equivalents, end of period – continuing operations                                                                  $     640,132           517,189

     Cash                                                                                                                              $     525,100     $     212,989
     Cash equivalents                                                                                                                        115,032          304,200
                                                                                                                                       $     640,132     $     517,189
     Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information related to operating activities
      Interest and dividends received                                                                                                  $     278,207     $    240,565
      Interest paid                                                                                                                    $     220,991     $     201,341

     (See accompanying notes to interim condensed consolidated financial statements)




76 IGM Financial Inc. 2024 Third Quarter Report | Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
                                         P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                             C  73
                              Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
                              September 30, 2024 (unaudited) (in thousands of Canadian dollars, except shares and per share amounts)



                              Note 1. Corporate information

                              IGM Financial Inc. (the Company) is a publicly listed company (TSX: IGM), incorporated and domiciled in Canada. The registered
                              address of the Company is 447 Portage Avenue, Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada. The Company is controlled by Power Corporation of
                              Canada (Power).

                              IGM Financial Inc. is a wealth and asset management company which serves the financial needs of Canadians through its principal
                              subsidiaries, each operating distinctly within the advice segment of the financial services market. The Company’s wholly-owned
                              principal subsidiaries are Investors Group Inc. and Mackenzie Financial Corporation (Mackenzie).



                              Note 2. Summary of material accounting policies

                              The unaudited Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements of the Company (Interim Financial Statements) have been
                              prepared in accordance with International Accounting Standard 34, Interim Financial Reporting, using the accounting policies as set out
                              in Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended December 31, 2023, except as noted below. The Interim Financial
                              Statements should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements in the 2023 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report.


                              Changes in accounting policies
                              IAS 12 – Income Taxes

                              The Company adopted the amendments to IFRS for IAS 12 – Income Taxes effective May 2023 and has applied the exception to
                              recognizing and disclosing information about deferred tax assets and liabilities related to Pillar Two model rules published by the
                              Organization for Economic Co‑operation and Development (OECD).


                              Future accounting changes
                              The Company continuously monitors changes proposed by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) and analyzes the
                              effect that changes in the standards may have on the Company’s operations.



                              Note 3. Discontinued operations

                              On November 30, 2023, the Company completed the sale of 100% of Investment Planning Counsel Inc. (IPC) to The Canada Life
                              Assurance Company (Canada Life) for proceeds of $575 million plus adjustments. Canada Life is a subsidiary of the Company’s
                              affiliate, Lifeco, which is a subsidiary of Power.

                              In accordance with IFRS 5 – Non-Current Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued Operations, the operating results and cash flows of IPC
                              have been classified as discontinued operations within the Wealth Management segment.




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                              As at November 30, 2023, IPC’s total assets were $692.6 million, including $30.6 million of cash and cash equivalents, and total
                              liabilities were $345.7 million.




                                 Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements | IGM Financial Inc. 2024 Third Quarter Report                          77
                              C  74                                         P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
     Net earnings from discontinued operations
                                                                                                                                                        Three months              Nine months
                                                                                                                                                               ended                    ended
                                                                                                                                                        September 30,            September 30,
                                                                                                                                                                2023                     2023

     Revenues
      Wealth management                                                                                                                             $          78,136        $       231,505
      Net asset management                                                                                                                                      4,262                 12,935
      Net investment income and other                                                                                                                             981                  2,795
                                                                                                                                                               83,379                247,235
     Expenses                                                                                                                                                  85,416               242,400
     Earnings before income taxes                                                                                                                               (2,037)                4,835
     Income taxes                                                                                                                                                 (526)                1,428
     Net earnings from discontinued operations                                                                                                                  (1,511)                3,407
     Non‑controlling interest                                                                                                                                        –                   (150)
     Net earnings available to common shareholders from discontinued operations                                                                     $           (1,511)      $         3,257



     Cash flows from discontinued operations
     Included within the Company’s cash flows are the following amounts attributable to discontinued operations:

                                                                                                                                                        Nine months ended September 30
                                                                                                                                                                                         2023

     Net cash (used in) provided by:
      Operating activities                                                                                                                                                   $        23,825
      Financing activities                                                                                                                                                             (1,755)
      Investing activities                                                                                                                                                           (21,407)
     Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                                               $           663




     Note 4. Revenues from contracts with customers

                                                                                                                  Three months ended September 30           Nine months ended September 30
                                                                                                                          2024              2023                    2024                 2023

     Advisory fees                                                                                            $       328,627        $   300,873        $      952,992       $       887,180
     Product and program fees                                                                                         251,035            223,881               723,369               661,710
                                                                                                                      579,662            524,754              1,676,361           1,548,890
     Redemption fees                                                                                                         –                97                         –             1,017
     Other financial planning revenues                                                                                 36,375             38,217               112,287                99,754
     Wealth management                                                                                                616,037            563,068             1,788,648             1,649,661

     Asset management                                                                                                 253,333            239,952               741,045               714,758
     Dealer compensation expense                                                                                      (82,778)           (78,648)              (243,942)            (237,397)
     Net asset management                                                                                             170,555            161,304               497,103               477,361




                                                                                                                                                                                                 PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
     Net revenues from contracts with customers                                                               $       786,592        $   724,372        $     2,285,751      $     2,127,022


     Wealth management revenue is earned by providing financial planning, investment advisory and related financial services. Advisory
     fees, related to financial planning, are associated with assets under management and advisement. Product and program fees, related
     to investment management and administration services, are associated with assets under management. Other financial planning
     revenues include insurance, banking products and services, and mortgage lending activities.

     Asset management revenue, related to investment management advisory and administrative services, depends on the level and
     composition of assets under management.




78 IGM Financial Inc. 2024 Third Quarter Report | Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
                                       P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                                     C  75
                              Note 5. Expenses

                              In the second quarter of 2023, the Company incurred restructuring and other charges of $103.3 million ($76.2 million after-tax)
                              resulting from streamlining and simplifying the business to more effectively align with business priorities. The charge includes the
                              Company’s changes to the organizational structure to advance the growing needs of the business, digital transformation by retiring
                              duplicate systems and modernizing information technology and an effort to consolidate its real estate footprint to better reflect
                              client and advisor needs.



                              Note 6. Other investments

                                                                                                                                                   September 30, 2024                            December 31, 2023
                                                                                                                                               Cost            Fair value                 Cost             Fair value

                              Fair value through other comprehensive income (FVTOCI)
                               Corporate investments                                                                               $      285,519       $    1,341,380        $       264,915       $      721,379
                              Fair value through profit or loss (FVTPL)
                               Equity securities                                                                                             1,501                2,024                12,778               13,140
                               Proprietary investment funds                                                                               136,369              145,995                126,550              129,079
                                                                                                                                          137,870              148,019                139,328              142,219
                                                                                                                                   $      423,389       $    1,489,399        $      404,243        $      863,598


                              Wealthsimple Financial Corp. (Wealthsimple) is a financial company that provides simple digital tools for growing and managing
                              your money. The Company’s investment in Wealthsimple is primarily held through a limited partnership controlled by Power. The
                              investment is classified at FVTOCI. IGM Financial Inc. holds directly and indirectly a 27.3% interest in Wealthsimple (December 31,
                              2023 – 28.7%).

                              At September 30, 2024, the Company increased the fair value of its investment in Wealthsimple to $1,219 million (December 31, 2023
                              – $607 million). The increase in fair value is consistent with the increase in public market peer valuations, Wealthsimple’s business
                              performance and revised revenue expectations, as well as a third party secondary transaction expected to close in the fourth
                              quarter. Fair value is determined by using observable transactions in the investments’ securities where available, discounted cash
                              flows, and other valuation metrics, including revenue multiples used in the valuation of comparable public companies.



                              Note 7. Loans

                                                                                                                                                Contractual maturity
                                                                                                                                                                                  September 30          December 31
                                                                                                                       1 year                 1–5                   Over                 2024                 2023
                                                                                                                       or less               years               5 years                 Total                Total

                              Amortized cost
                               Residential mortgages                                                         $    1,143,028        $   4,218,358        $         6,543       $     5,367,929       $     5,109,433
                              Less: Allowance for expected credit losses                                                                                                                  760                  737
                                                                                                                                                                              $     5,367,169       $     5,108,696




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                              The change in the allowance for expected credit losses is as follows:
                               Balance, beginning of period                                                                                                                   $           737       $           815
                               Write-offs, net of recoveries                                                                                                                             (195)                 204
                               Change in expected credit losses                                                                                                                           218                  (282)
                               Balance, end of period                                                                                                                         $           760       $          737


                              Total credit impaired loans as at September 30, 2024 were $2,474 (December 31, 2023 – $3,131).




                                 Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements | IGM Financial Inc. 2024 Third Quarter Report                                                                        79
                              C  76                                             P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
     Total interest income on loans was $151.1 million (2023 – $124.1 million). Total interest expense on obligations to securitization
     entities, related to securitized loans, was $125.3 million (2023 – $103.2 million). Gains realized on the sale of residential mortgages
     totalled $0.5 million (2023 – losses of $2.8 million). Fair value adjustments related to mortgage banking operations totalled negative
     $9.5 million (2023 – positive $1.2 million). These amounts were included in Wealth management revenue. Wealth management
     revenue also includes other mortgage banking related items including portfolio insurance, issue costs, and other items.



     Note 8. Securitizations

     The Company securitizes residential mortgages through the Canada Mortgage and Housing Corporation (CMHC) sponsored
     National Housing Act Mortgage-Backed Securities (NHA MBS) Program and Canada Mortgage Bond (CMB) Program and through
     Canadian bank-sponsored asset-backed commercial paper (ABCP) programs. These transactions do not meet the requirements for
     derecognition as the Company retains prepayment risk and certain elements of credit risk. Accordingly, the Company has retained
     these mortgages on its balance sheets and has recorded offsetting liabilities for the net proceeds received as Obligations to
     securitization entities which are recorded at amortized cost.

     The Company earns interest on the mortgages and pays interest on the obligations to securitization entities. As part of the CMB
     transactions, the Company enters into a swap transaction whereby the Company pays coupons on CMBs and receives investment
     returns on the NHA MBS and the reinvestment of repaid mortgage principal. A component of this swap, related to the obligation to
     pay CMB coupons and receive investment returns on repaid mortgage principal, and the hedging swap used to manage exposure to
     changes in variable rate investment returns, are recorded as derivatives with a negative fair value of $6.8 million at September 30,
     2024 (December 31, 2023 – negative $4.8 million).

     All mortgages securitized under the NHA MBS and CMB Program are insured by CMHC or another approved insurer under the
     program. As part of the ABCP transactions, the Company has provided cash reserves for credit enhancement which are recorded
     at cost. Credit risk is limited to these cash reserves and future net interest income as the ABCP Trusts have no recourse to the
     Company’s other assets for failure to make payments when due.

                                                                                                                                                      Obligations to
                                                                                                                                    Securitized       securitization
                                                                                                                                    mortgages               entities          Net

     September 30, 2024
     Carrying value
      NHA MBS and CMB Program                                                                                                   $   2,437,256     $     2,405,111      $   32,145
      Bank sponsored ABCP                                                                                                           2,452,270           2,433,705          18,565
      Total                                                                                                                     $   4,889,526     $     4,838,816      $   50,710
     Fair value                                                                                                                 $   4,935,228     $     4,933,503      $    1,725

     December 31, 2023
     Carrying value
      NHA MBS and CMB Program                                                                                                   $ 2,408,639       $     2,389,389      $   19,250
      Bank sponsored ABCP                                                                                                           2,313,806           2,298,438          15,368
      Total                                                                                                                     $ 4,722,445       $     4,687,827      $   34,618
     Fair value                                                                                                                 $ 4,690,885       $     4,695,738      $   (4,853)




                                                                                                                                                                                     PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
     The carrying value of Obligations to securitization entities, which is recorded net of issue costs, includes principal payments received
     on securitized mortgages that are not due to be settled until after the reporting period. Issue costs are amortized over the life of the
     obligation on an effective interest rate basis.




80 IGM Financial Inc. 2024 Third Quarter Report | Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                               C  77
                              Note 9. Investment in associates

                                                                                                       Lifeco           ChinaAMC            Rockefeller            Northleaf            Other            Total

                              September 30, 2024
                              Balance, beginning of period                                  $      589,288       $    1,885,223        $      844,795       $      301,845        $   38,023    $   3,659,174
                              Additions                                                                     –                    –                   85                     –         21,456          21,541
                              Dividends                                                            (36,857)              (72,926)                     –              (7,903)               –        (117,686)
                              Proportionate share of:
                               Earnings (losses)                                                    66,775                88,134              (10,800)               15,786 (1)         (225)        159,670
                               Other comprehensive income (loss) and other
                               adjustments                                                               (60)             56,152               17,881                       –              –          73,973
                              Balance, end of period                                        $      619,146       $    1,956,583        $      851,961       $      309,728        $   59,254    $   3,796,672

                              September 30, 2023
                              Balance, beginning of period                                  $      939,567       $       787,171       $              –     $      284,499        $   40,066    $   2,051,303
                              Additions                                                                     –          1,161,798              856,163                       –           542         2,018,503
                              Disposition                                                         (397,705)                      –                    –                     –              –         (397,705)
                              Dividends                                                            (34,534)              (69,180)                     –                     –              –         (103,714)
                              Proportionate share of:
                               Earnings (losses)                                                     47,775               80,421                  (724)               8,749 (1)       (1,825)        134,396
                               IFRS 17 adjustment                                                   15,098                       –                    –                     –              –          15,098
                               Other comprehensive income (loss) and other
                               adjustments                                                            8,564             (107,318)                 8,787                     –              –          (89,967)
                              Balance, end of period                                        $      578,765       $    1,852,892        $     864,226        $      293,248        $   38,783    $   3,627,914

                              (1) For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company’s proportionate share of Northleaf’s earnings net of Non-controlling interest was $12,629 (2023 – $6,999).


                              The Company uses the equity method to account for its investments in associates, which include Great-West Lifeco Inc. (Lifeco), China
                              Asset Management Co., Ltd. (ChinaAMC), Rockefeller Capital Management (Rockefeller), and Northleaf Capital Group Ltd. (Northleaf),
                              as it exercises significant influence.

                              On January 12, 2023, the Company closed the transaction to acquire Power’s 13.9% interest in ChinaAMC for cash consideration
                              of $1.16 billion including transaction costs, increasing the Company’s equity interest in ChinaAMC from 13.9% to 27.8%. To partially
                              fund the transaction, IGM Financial sold 15,200,662 common shares of Lifeco to Power for cash consideration of $553 million which
                              reduced the Company’s equity interest in Lifeco from 4.0% to 2.4%. The remaining $597 million of consideration was funded from
                              the Company’s existing financial resources including $22 million in dividends received after March 31, 2022 with respect to the Lifeco
                              shares that were sold. The Company continues to equity account for its 27.8% interest in ChinaAMC and 2.4% interest in Lifeco.

                              In 2023, the Company recognized a gain on the sale of the Lifeco shares of $172.9 million before-tax ($168.6 million after-tax),
                              consisting of $179.1 million recorded in the first quarter and a decrease of $6.2 million that was recorded on a prospective basis in
                              the second quarter.

                              The Company recorded a Lifeco IFRS 17 adjustment of $15.1 million in the second quarter of 2023, representing a change of estimate
                              which has been recorded on a prospective basis.

                              On April 3, 2023, the Company acquired a 20.5% interest in Rockefeller for a total cost of $858 million, which was comprised of cash
                              consideration of $835 million (USD $622 million) and transaction costs.




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.




                                 Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements | IGM Financial Inc. 2024 Third Quarter Report                                                                 81
                              C  78                                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
     Note 10. Share capital

     Authorized
       Unlimited number of:
         First preferred shares, issuable in series
         Second preferred shares, issuable in series
         Class 1 non‑voting shares
         Common shares, no par value


     Issued and outstanding
                                                                                                                          September 30, 2024                       September 30, 2023
                                                                                                                  Shares             Stated value         Shares          Stated value

     Common shares:
      Balance, beginning of period                                                                        238,131,738         $       1,690,626     237,668,062      $    1,672,799
      Issued under Stock Option Plan                                                                            571,168                  21,803        460,604                17,716
      Purchased for cancellation                                                                            (2,073,400)                 (14,735)              –                     –
      Balance, end of period                                                                              236,629,506         $       1,697,694     238,128,666      $    1,690,515



     Normal course issuer bid
     On December 21, 2023, the Company commenced a Normal Course Issuer Bid (NCIB) which will continue until December 20, 2024,
     when the bid expires, or such earlier date as the Company completes its purchases pursuant to the notice of intention filed with the TSX.
     Pursuant to this bid, the Company may purchase up to 3 million or 1.3% of its common shares outstanding as at December 7, 2023.

     In the third quarter of 2024, there were 694,400 shares (2023 – nil) purchased at a cost of $26.7 million. In the nine months ended
     September 30, 2024, there were 2,073,400 shares (2023 – nil) purchased at a cost of $75.8 million. The premium paid to purchase the
     shares in excess of the stated value was charged to Retained earnings.

     In connection with its NCIB, the Company has established an automatic securities purchase plan for its common shares. The automatic
     securities purchase plan provides standard instructions regarding how IGM Financial’s common shares are to be purchased under the
     NCIB during certain pre-determined trading blackout periods, subject to pre-established parameters. Outside of these pre-determined
     trading blackout periods, purchases under the Company’s NCIB will be completed based upon management’s discretion.



     Note 11. Capital management

     The capital management policies, procedures and activities of the Company are discussed in the Capital Resources section of the
     Company’s Management’s Discussion and Analysis contained in the Third Quarter 2024 Report to Shareholders and in Note 20
     to the Consolidated Financial Statements in the 2023 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report and have not changed significantly since
     December 31, 2023.




                                                                                                                                                                                         PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.




82 IGM Financial Inc. 2024 Third Quarter Report | Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
                                       P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                             C  79
                              Note 12. Share-based payments

                              Stock option plan
                                                                                                                                                                     September 30                December 31
                                                                                                                                                                            2024                       2023

                              Common share options
                                – Outstanding                                                                                                                            10,299,940               10,902,118
                                – Exercisable                                                                                                                              7,058,839                 6,924,596


                              In the third quarter of 2024, the Company did not grant options to employees (2023 – nil). In the nine months ended September 30,
                              2024, the Company granted 673,814 options to employees (2023 – 662,606). The weighted-average fair value of options granted
                              during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, has been estimated at $4.15 per option (2023 – $5.56) using the Black-Scholes
                              option pricing model. The weighted-average closing share price at the grant date was $35.57.

                              Other assumptions used in these valuation models include:

                                                                                                                                                                           Nine months ended September 30
                                                                                                                                                                                     2024                2023

                              Exercise price                                                                                                                                 $      35.68        $      42.53
                              Risk‑free interest rate                                                                                                                                3.61%               3.44%
                              Expected option life                                                                                                                                7 years              7 years
                              Expected volatility                                                                                                                                   24.00%              23.00%
                              Expected dividend yield                                                                                                                                6.33%                5.31%


                              Expected volatility has been estimated based on the historic volatility of the Company’s share price over seven years which is
                              reflective of the expected option life. Options vest over a period of up to 7.5 years from the grant date and are exercisable no later
                              than 10 years after the grant date.



                              Note 13. Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)

                                                                                                                                                                                   Investment
                                                                                                                                       Employee                Other             in associates
                                                                                                                                        benefits         investments                 and other              Total

                              September 30, 2024
                              Balance, beginning of period                                                                      $      (13,995)      $      393,956          $      (63,671)     $      316,290
                              Other comprehensive income (loss)                                                                         37,709              519,314                  81,210             638,233
                              Transfer out of FVTOCI                                                                                           –                   38                       –                38
                              Balance, end of period                                                                            $       23,714       $      913,308          $        17,539     $      954,561

                              September 30, 2023
                              Balance, beginning of period                                                                      $         4,383      $      309,605          $       48,778      $      362,766
                              Other comprehensive income (loss)                                                                         18,334                 (1,159)               (87,910)            (70,735)
                              Disposal of investment in associate (Note 9)                                                                     –                     –              (16,008)             (16,008)




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                              Transfer out of FVTOCI                                                                                           –                  131                       –               131
                              Balance, end of period                                                                            $       22,717       $      308,577          $      (55,140)     $      276,154


                              Amounts are recorded net of tax.




                                 Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements | IGM Financial Inc. 2024 Third Quarter Report                                                                    83
                              C  80                                          P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
     Note 14. Risk management

     The risk management policies and procedures of the Company are discussed in the Financial Risk section of the Company’s
     Management’s Discussion and Analysis contained in the Third Quarter 2024 Report to Shareholders and in Note 23 to the
     Consolidated Financial Statements in the 2023 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report and have not changed significantly since
     December 31, 2023.



     Note 15. Fair value of financial instruments

     Fair values are management’s estimates and are calculated using market conditions at a specific point in time and may not reflect
     future fair values. The calculations are subjective in nature, involve uncertainties and are matters of significant judgment.

     All financial instruments measured at fair value and those for which fair value is disclosed are classified into one of three levels that
     distinguish fair value measurements by the significance of the inputs used for valuation.

     Fair value is determined based on the price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability in the most advantageous
     market, utilizing a hierarchy of three different valuation techniques, based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value
     measurement in its entirety.

          Level 1 – Unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities;

          Level 2 – Observable inputs other than Level 1 quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets; quoted prices
                    for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active; or inputs other than quoted prices that are
                    observable or corroborated by observable market data; and

          Level 3 – Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity. Valuation techniques are primarily model-based.

     Markets are considered inactive when transactions are not occurring with sufficient regularity. Inactive markets may be characterized
     by a significant decline in the volume and level of observed trading activity or through large or erratic bid/offer spreads. In those
     instances where traded markets are not considered sufficiently active, fair value is measured using valuation models which may utilize
     predominantly observable market inputs (Level 2) or may utilize predominantly non-observable market inputs (Level 3). Management
     considers all reasonably available information including indicative broker quotations, any available pricing for similar instruments,
     recent arm’s length market transactions, any relevant observable market inputs, and internal model-based estimates. Management
     exercises judgment in determining the most appropriate inputs and the weighting ascribed to each input as well as in the selection of
     valuation methodologies.

     Fair value is determined using the following methods and assumptions:

       Other investments and other financial assets and financial liabilities are valued using quoted prices from active markets, when
       available. When a quoted market price is not readily available, valuation techniques are used that require assumptions related
       to discount rates and the timing and amount of future cash flows. Wherever possible, observable market inputs are used in the
       valuation techniques.

       Loans classified as Level 2 are valued using market interest rates for loans with similar credit risk and maturity.

       Loans classified as Level 3 are valued by discounting the expected future cash flows at prevailing market yields.




                                                                                                                                                     PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
       Valuation methods used for Other investments classified as Level 3 include comparison to market transactions with arm’s length
       third parties, use of market multiples, and discounted cash flow analysis.

       Obligations to securitization entities are valued by discounting the expected future cash flows at prevailing market yields for
       securities issued by these securitization entities having similar terms and characteristics.

       Deposits and certificates are valued by discounting the contractual cash flows using market interest rates currently offered for
       deposits with similar terms and credit risks.

       Long-term debt is valued using quoted prices for each debenture available in the market.




84 IGM Financial Inc. 2024 Third Quarter Report | Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4              C  81
                                Derivative financial instruments are valued based on quoted market prices, where available, prevailing market rates for
                                instruments with similar characteristics and maturities, or discounted cash flow analysis.

                              Level 1 financial instruments include exchange-traded equity investments and open-end investment fund units and other financial
                              liabilities in instances where there are quoted prices available from active markets.

                              Level 2 assets and liabilities include fixed income securities, loans, derivative financial instruments, deposits and certificates and
                              long‑term debt. The fair value of fixed income securities is determined using quoted market prices or independent dealer price
                              quotes. The fair value of derivative financial instruments and deposits and certificates are determined using valuation models,
                              discounted cash flow methodologies, or similar techniques using primarily observable market inputs. The fair value of long-term
                              debt is determined using indicative broker quotes.

                              Level 3 assets and liabilities include investments with little or no trading activity valued using broker-dealer quotes, loans, other
                              financial assets, obligations to securitization entities and derivative financial instruments. Derivative financial instruments consist
                              of principal reinvestment account swaps which represent the component of a swap entered into under the CMB Program whereby
                              the Company pays coupons on Canada Mortgage Bonds and receives investment returns on the reinvestment of repaid mortgage
                              principal. Fair value is determined by discounting the projected cashflows of the swaps. The notional amount, which is an input used
                              to determine the fair value of the swap, is determined using an average unobservable prepayment rate of 15% which is based on
                              historical prepayment patterns. An increase (decrease) in the assumed mortgage prepayment rate increases (decreases) the notional
                              amount of the swap. Level 3 Other investments of $1,341 million are predominantly comprised of early-stage financial technology
                              companies, including Wealthsimple with a fair value of $1,219 million. Fair value is determined by using observable transactions in the
                              investments’ securities, where available, forecasted cash flows, and other valuation metrics, including revenue multiples, used in the
                              valuation of comparable public companies. A 5% increase (decrease) to forecasted cash flows or revenue multiples would result in an
                              increase (decrease) in fair value of the Company’s investment in Wealthsimple of approximately $61 million.

                              The following table presents the carrying amounts and fair values of financial assets and financial liabilities, including their levels in
                              the fair value hierarchy. The table distinguishes between those financial instruments recorded at fair value and those recorded at
                              amortized cost. The table also excludes fair value information for financial assets and financial liabilities not measured at fair value if
                              the carrying amount is a reasonable approximation of fair value. These items include cash and cash equivalents, accounts and other
                              receivables, certain other financial assets, accounts payable and accrued liabilities, credit facility and certain other financial liabilities.




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.




                                 Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements | IGM Financial Inc. 2024 Third Quarter Report                                85
                              C  82                                         P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
                                                                                                                                                                                              Fair value
                                                                                              Carrying value                Level 1            Level 2                  Level 3                   Total

     September 30, 2024
     Financial assets recorded at fair value
      Other investments
        – FVTOCI                                                                          $     1,341,380          $              –    $              –       $    1,341,380           $     1,341,380
        – FVTPL                                                                                   148,019                148,019                      –                        –              148,019
      Derivative financial instruments                                                             29,554                         –           20,921                    8,633                  29,554
     Financial assets recorded at amortized cost
      Loans
        – Amortized cost                                                                        5,367,169                         –          484,950               4,935,228                 5,420,178
     Financial liabilities recorded at fair value
      Derivative financial instruments                                                             33,974                         –           21,636                  12,338                   33,974
     Financial liabilities recorded at amortized cost
      Deposits and certificates                                                                 2,725,858                         –        2,725,918                           –             2,725,918
      Obligations to securitization entities                                                    4,838,816                         –                   –            4,933,503                 4,933,503
      Long-term debt                                                                            2,400,000                         –        2,487,404                           –             2,487,404

     December 31, 2023
     Financial assets recorded at fair value
      Other investments
        – FVTOCI                                                                          $       721,379          $              –    $              –       $      721,379           $      721,379
        – FVTPL                                                                                   142,219                130,790                      –                11,429                 142,219
      Derivative financial instruments                                                             42,729                         –           26,801                   15,928                   42,729
     Financial assets recorded at amortized cost
      Loans
        – Amortized cost                                                                        5,108,696                         –          379,954               4,690,885                5,070,839
     Financial liabilities recorded at fair value
      Derivative financial instruments                                                             49,580                         –           41,373                    8,207                  49,580
     Financial liabilities recorded at amortized cost
      Deposits and certificates                                                                 3,344,190                         –        3,344,223                           –            3,344,223
      Obligations to securitization entities                                                    4,687,827                         –                   –            4,695,738                 4,695,738
      Long-term debt                                                                            2,400,000                         –        2,453,390                           –            2,453,390


     There were no significant transfers between Level 1 and Level 2 in 2024 and 2023.

     The following table provides a summary of changes in Level 3 assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis. There
     were no transfers in or out of Level 3 in 2024 and 2023.

                                                                                                                 Gains (losses)
                                                                                                                     included
                                                                                        Gains (losses)                in Other
                                                                      Balance         included in Net          comprehensive          Purchases and                                             Balance
                                                                    January 1               earnings(1)                income             issuances               Settlements              September 30

     September 30, 2024
     Other investments
      – FVTOCI                                             $       721,379        $                  –    $         599,398       $        20,782         $             179        $         1,341,380
      – FVTPL                                                        11,429                          –                      –                    –                   11,429                           –




                                                                                                                                                                                                           PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
      Derivative financial instruments, net                            7,721                   (7,379)                      –               (1,630)                   2,417                     (3,705)

     September 30, 2023
     Other investments
      – FVTOCI                                             $        602,612       $                  –    $            (2,148)    $          7,951        $             693        $          607,722
      – FVTPL                                                        11,429                          –                      –                    –                         –                    11,429
      Derivative financial instruments, net                          20,516                     7,664                       –               (1,145)                   (2,261)                  29,296

     (1) Included in Wealth management revenue or Net investment income and other in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.




86 IGM Financial Inc. 2024 Third Quarter Report | Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
                                         P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                                             C  83
                              Note 16. Earnings per common share

                                                                                                                                Three months ended September 30                       Nine months ended September 30
                                                                                                                                          2024                   2023                         2024             2023

                              Earnings
                               Net earnings from continuing operations                                                      $        239,853       $        211,377               $       681,910     $    727,788
                               Non‑controlling interest                                                                                  (672)                   (110)                      (3,157)          (1,750)
                               Net earnings available to common shareholders – continuing operations                                 239,181                211,267                       678,753          726,038
                               Net earnings from discontinued operations                                                                     –                 (1,511)                           –           3,407
                               Non‑controlling interest                                                                                      –                       –                           –             (150)
                               Net earnings available to common shareholders – discontinued operations                                       –                 (1,511)                           –           3,257
                               Net earnings available to common shareholders                                                $        239,181       $        209,756               $       678,753     $    729,295
                              Number of common shares (in thousands)
                               Weighted average number of common shares outstanding                                                  236,553                238,111                       237,280          238,000
                               Add: Potential exercise of outstanding stock options(1)                                                    378                    439                           221             596
                               Average number of common shares outstanding – diluted basis                                           236,931                238,550                       237,501          238,596
                              Earnings per common share (in dollars)
                               Basic
                                 From continuing operations                                                                 $            1.01      $             0.89             $           2.86    $        3.05
                                 From discontinued operations                                                                                –                  (0.01)                           –             0.01
                                 Net earnings available to common shareholders                                              $            1.01      $             0.88             $           2.86    $        3.06
                               Diluted
                                 From continuing operations                                                                 $            1.01      $             0.89             $           2.86    $        3.04
                                 From discontinued operations                                                                                –                  (0.01)                           –             0.02
                                 Net earnings available to common shareholders                                              $            1.01      $             0.88             $           2.86    $        3.06

                              (1) Excludes 605 thousand shares for the three months ended September 30, 2024, related to outstanding stock options that were anti-dilutive (2023 – 844 thousand).
                                  Excludes 983 thousand shares for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, related to outstanding stock options that were anti-dilutive (2023 – 689 thousand).




                              Note 17. Contingent liabilities

                              The Company is subject to legal actions arising in the normal course of its business. In December 2018, a proposed class action was filed
                              in the Ontario Superior Court against Mackenzie Financial Corporation (Mackenzie) which alleges that the company should not have paid
                              mutual fund trailing commissions to order execution only dealers. This action was certified in January 2024. In August 2022, a second
                              proposed class action concerning the same subject matter was filed against Mackenzie.

                              In late March 2023, the Company was notified by one of our third-party vendors, InvestorCOM Inc., that they were compromised due
                              to a cybersecurity incident related to a technology supplier to InvestorCOM, GoAnywhere. The Company has notified impacted clients
                              and offered credit monitoring at no cost to all clients. Four proposed class actions have been filed against Mackenzie concerning
                              this incident.

                              Although it is difficult to predict the outcome of any such legal actions, based on current knowledge, management does not expect
                              the outcome of any of these matters, individually or in aggregate, to have a material adverse effect on the Company’s consolidated




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                              financial position.




                                 Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements | IGM Financial Inc. 2024 Third Quarter Report                                                                       87
                              C  84                                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
     Note 18. Segmented information

     In 2023, the Company realigned its reportable segments to better characterize and simplify the Company’s business lines into wealth
     management and asset management segments. The revised segments reflect a realignment of Rockefeller and Wealthsimple to the
     wealth management segment and ChinaAMC and Northleaf to the asset management segment. These changes have no impact on
     the reported earnings of the Company. Prior period comparative information has been restated to reflect the realigned segments.
     The Company’s reportable segments are:
     • Wealth Management
     • Asset Management
     • Corporate and Other

     These segments reflect the Company’s internal financial reporting and performance measurement.
     • Wealth Management – reflects the activities of its core business and strategic investments that are principally focused on
       providing financial planning and related services to retail client households. This segment includes the activities of IG Wealth
       Management which is a retail distribution organization that serves Canadian households through its securities dealer, mutual fund
       dealer and other subsidiaries licensed to distribute financial products and services. A majority of the revenues of this segment are
       derived from providing financial advice and distributing financial products and services to Canadian households. This segment
       also includes the investment management activities of these organizations, including mutual fund management and discretionary
       portfolio management services. This segment also includes the Company’s strategic investments in Rockefeller and Wealthsimple.
       Rockefeller is classified as an investment in associate and accounted for using the equity method, with the proportionate share of
       earnings included in revenue. Wealthsimple is classified as an investment which is accounted for at FVTOCI and therefore has no
       impact on the segment earnings. This segment previously included IPC, which was sold on November 30, 2023. IPC’s results were
       classified as discontinued operations.
     • Asset Management – reflects the activities of its core business and strategic investments primarily focused on providing investment
       management services. This segment includes the operations of Mackenzie Investments which provides investment management
       services to a suite of investment funds that are distributed through third party dealers and financial advisors, and through
       institutional advisory mandates to financial institutions, pensions and other institutional investors. This segment also includes the
       Company’s strategic investment in ChinaAMC and Northleaf which are classified as investments in associates and accounted for
       using the equity method. The proportionate share of earnings on these investments are included in the segment’s revenue.
     • Corporate and Other – primarily represents investments in Lifeco and Portage Ventures LPs, the Company’s unallocated capital,
       as well as consolidation elimination entries.




                                                                                                                                                PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.




88 IGM Financial Inc. 2024 Third Quarter Report | Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4           C  85
                              2024
                                                                                                                 Wealth             Asset            Corporate               Total
                              Three months ended September 30                                               Management        Management             and Other            Segment     Adjustments(1)      Total

                              Revenues
                               Wealth management                                                        $      618,547 $                   – $          (2,510) $         616,037 $             – $    616,037

                               Asset management                                                                        –          280,393              (27,060)           253,333               –      253,333
                               Dealer compensation                                                                     –           (81,756)             (1,022)           (82,778)              –      (82,778)
                               Net asset management                                                                    –          198,637              (28,082)           170,555               –      170,555

                               Net investment income and other                                                    1,034               4,999              4,073             10,106               –       10,106
                               Proportionate share of associates’ earnings                                         (174)            36,269              25,230             61,325          (4,870)      56,455
                                                                                                               619,407            239,905               (1,289)           858,023          (4,870)     853,153
                              Expenses
                               Advisory and business development                                               258,461              19,791                    (2)         278,250               –      278,250
                               Operations and support                                                          115,286              95,550                 569            211,405               –      211,405
                               Sub-advisory                                                                      49,130               1,441            (30,593)            19,978               –       19,978
                                                                                                               422,877            116,782              (30,026)           509,633               –      509,633
                                                                                                               196,530            123,123               28,737            348,390          (4,870)     343,520
                              Interest expense (2)                                                               25,887               6,551                    –           32,438               –       32,438
                              Earnings before income taxes                                                     170,643            116,572               28,737            315,952          (4,870)     311,082
                              Income taxes                                                                       45,796             24,499                 934             71,229               –       71,229
                                                                                                               124,847              92,073              27,803            244,723          (4,870)     239,853
                              Non‑controlling interest                                                                 –               (672)                   –              (672)             –         (672)
                                                                                                        $      124,847 $            91,401 $            27,803            244,051          (4,870)     239,181
                              Lifeco other items (1)                                                                                                                        (4,870)         4,870            –
                              Net earnings available to common shareholders                                                                                         $     239,181 $             – $    239,181

                              (1) The proportionate share of Lifeco other items is not related to a specific segment and therefore excluded from segment results. This item has been adjusted to reconcile
                                  Total Segment results to the Company’s Consolidated Statements of Earnings.
                              (2) Interest expense includes interest on long-term debt and interest on leases.




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.




                                 Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements | IGM Financial Inc. 2024 Third Quarter Report                                                                  89
                              C  86                                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
     2023
                                                                                Wealth                Asset            Corporate               Total
     Three months ended September 30                                       Management           Management             and Other            Segment         Adjustments (1)           Total

     Revenues
      Wealth management                                                $      564,735       $              –     $        (1,667)       $   563,068     $              –      $   563,068

      Asset management                                                                –            265,723               (25,771)           239,952                    –          239,952
      Dealer compensation                                                             –            (77,962)                 (686)           (78,648)                   –          (78,648)
      Net asset management                                                            –            187,761              (26,457)            161,304                    –          161,304

      Net investment income and other                                           2,256                 2,571                3,183              8,010                    –            8,010
      Proportionate share of associates’ earnings                                  579              25,236               23,375              49,190             (10,716)           38,474
                                                                              567,570              215,568                (1,566)           781,572             (10,716)          770,856
     Expenses
      Advisory and business development                                       234,270               18,956                     (2)          253,224                    –          253,224
      Operations and support                                                  108,708               87,428                   314            196,450                    –          196,450
      Sub-advisory                                                             43,824                 1,175              (28,123)            16,876                    –           16,876
                                                                              386,802              107,559               (27,811)           466,550                    –          466,550
                                                                              180,768             108,009                26,245             315,022             (10,716)          304,306
     Interest expense(2)                                                       25,965                 6,554                     –            32,519                    –           32,519
     Earnings before income taxes                                             154,803              101,455               26,245             282,503             (10,716)          271,787
     Income taxes                                                              41,186               22,534                (3,310)            60,410                    –           60,410
     Net earnings from continuing operations                                  113,617               78,921               29,555             222,093             (10,716)          211,377
     Net earnings from discontinued operations                                   4,574                     –              (6,085)             (1,511)                  –            (1,511)
                                                                              118,191               78,921               23,470             220,582             (10,716)          209,866
     Non‑controlling interest                                                         –                (110)                    –              (110)                   –             (110)
                                                                       $      118,191       $       78,811       $       23,470             220,472             (10,716)          209,756
     Lifeco other items(1)                                                                                                                  (10,716)             10,716                  –
     Net earnings available to common shareholders                                                                                      $   209,756     $              –      $   209,756

     (1) The proportionate share of Lifeco other items is not related to a specific segment and therefore excluded from segment results. This item has been adjusted to reconcile
         Total Segment results to the Company’s Consolidated Statements of Earnings.
     (2) Interest expense includes interest on long-term debt and interest on leases.




                                                                                                                                                                                              PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.




90 IGM Financial Inc. 2024 Third Quarter Report | Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
                                          P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                               C  87
                              2024
                                                                                                                 Wealth             Asset            Corporate               Total
                              Nine months ended September 30                                                Management        Management             and Other            Segment     Adjustments(1)        Total

                              Revenues
                               Wealth management                                                        $    1,795,284 $                   – $          (6,636) $       1,788,648 $             – $    1,788,648

                               Asset management                                                                        –          819,808              (78,763)           741,045               –       741,045
                               Dealer compensation                                                                     –         (241,226)              (2,716)          (243,942)              –      (243,942)
                               Net asset management                                                                    –          578,582              (81,479)           497,103               –       497,103

                               Net investment income and other                                                    9,077             14,674              11,952             35,703               –        35,703
                               Proportionate share of associates’ earnings                                       (7,725)          103,920               73,637            169,832         (10,162)      159,670
                                                                                                             1,796,636            697,176               (2,526)         2,491,286         (10,162)     2,481,124
                              Expenses
                               Advisory and business development                                               759,785              62,625                    (6)         822,404               –       822,404
                               Operations and support                                                          344,614            274,916                1,666            621,196               –       621,196
                               Sub-advisory                                                                    140,880                4,117            (88,115)            56,882               –        56,882
                                                                                                             1,245,279            341,658              (86,455)         1,500,482               –      1,500,482
                                                                                                               551,357            355,518               83,929            990,804         (10,162)      980,642
                              Interest expense(2)                                                                77,347             19,569                     –           96,916               –        96,916
                              Earnings before income taxes                                                     474,010            335,949               83,929            893,888         (10,162)      883,726
                              Income taxes                                                                     129,264              69,810               2,742            201,816               –       201,816
                                                                                                               344,746            266,139               81,187            692,072         (10,162)      681,910
                              Non‑controlling interest                                                                 –             (3,157)                   –            (3,157)             –         (3,157)
                                                                                                        $      344,746 $          262,982 $             81,187            688,915         (10,162)      678,753
                              Lifeco other items(1)                                                                                                                         (6,862)         6,862              –
                              Rockefeller debt refinancing (1)                                                                                                              (3,300)         3,300              –
                              Net earnings available to common shareholders                                                                                         $     678,753 $             – $     678,753



                              Identifiable assets                                                       $ 11,575,931 $          3,700,852 $         1,214,042 $ 16,490,825 $                    – $ 16,490,825
                              Goodwill                                                                       1,346,245          1,290,526                      –        2,636,771               –      2,636,771
                              Total assets                                                              $ 12,922,176 $          4,991,378 $         1,214,042 $ 19,127,596 $                    – $ 19,127,596

                              (1) The proportionate share of Lifeco other items and Rockefeller debt refinancing are not related to a specific segment and therefore excluded from segment results. These
                                  items have been adjusted to reconcile Total Segment results to the Company’s Consolidated Statements of Earnings.
                              (2) Interest expense includes interest on long-term debt and interest on leases.




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.




                                 Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements | IGM Financial Inc. 2024 Third Quarter Report                                                                    91
                              C  88                                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
     2023
                                                                               Wealth                Asset            Corporate                 Total
     Nine months ended September 30                                       Management           Management             and Other              Segment        Adjustments (1)            Total

     Revenues
      Wealth management                                               $    1,654,498       $              –     $        (4,837)       $   1,649,661    $              –      $   1,649,661

      Asset management                                                               –            791,735              (76,977)             714,758                    –           714,758
      Dealer compensation                                                            –           (235,422)               (1,975)            (237,397)                  –           (237,397)
      Net asset management                                                           –            556,313               (78,952)            477,361                    –           477,361

      Net investment income and other                                          9,632                 8,020                9,415               27,067                   –            27,067
      Gain on sale of Lifeco shares (Note 9)                                         –                    –                    –                   –           172,977             172,977
      Proportionate share of associates’ earnings                              (2,549)             89,170               64,223              150,844              (1,350)           149,494
                                                                           1,661,581             653,503                (10,151)           2,304,933            171,627           2,476,560
     Expenses
      Advisory and business development                                     690,261                62,674                     (6)           752,929                    –           752,929
      Operations and support                                                322,550               270,122                   958             593,630            103,266             696,896
      Sub-advisory                                                           129,414                 3,418              (83,788)             49,044                    –            49,044
                                                                           1,142,225              336,214              (82,836)            1,395,603           103,266            1,498,869
                                                                             519,356              317,289               72,685              909,330              68,361            977,691
     Interest expense(2)                                                      72,214               18,480                      –             90,694                    –            90,694
     Earnings before income taxes                                            447,142             298,809                72,685              818,636              68,361            886,997
     Income taxes                                                            119,462               63,836                (1,350)            181,948             (22,739)           159,209
     Net earnings from continuing operations                                327,680              234,973                74,035              636,688              91,100            727,788
     Net earnings from discontinued operations                                11,444                      –              (8,037)              3,407                    –             3,407
                                                                             339,124             234,973                65,998              640,095              91,100             731,195
     Non‑controlling interest                                                    (150)              (1,750)                    –              (1,900)                  –             (1,900)
                                                                      $     338,974        $     233,223        $       65,998              638,195              91,100            729,295
     Restructuring and other, net of tax(1)                                                                                                  (76,208)            76,208                   –
     Gain on sale of Lifeco shares, net of tax(1)                                                                                           168,658           (168,658)                   –
     Lifeco IFRS 17 adjustment(1)                                                                                                            15,098             (15,098)                  –
     Lifeco other items(1)                                                                                                                   (16,448)           16,448                    –
     Net earnings available to common shareholders                                                                                     $    729,295     $              –      $    729,295



     Identifiable assets                                              $ 12,218,100         $    3,551,091       $      944,706         $ 16,713,897     $              –      $ 16,713,897
     Goodwill                                                              1,346,245            1,290,526                      –           2,636,771                   –          2,636,771
     Total assets                                                     $ 13,564,345         $    4,841,617       $      944,706         $ 19,350,668     $              –      $ 19,350,668

     (1) Restructuring and other, Gain on sale of Lifeco shares, and the proportionate share of Lifeco IFRS 17 adjustment and Lifeco other items are not related to a specific
         segment and therefore excluded from segment results. These items have been added back, including the impact to income taxes, to reconcile Total Segment results to the
         Company’s Consolidated Statements of Earnings.
     (2) Interest expense includes interest on long-term debt and interest on leases.




                                                                                                                                                                                               PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.




92 IGM Financial Inc. 2024 Third Quarter Report | Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
                                         P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4                                                 C  89
Page intentionally left blank.




     C  90                       P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — T H I R D Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 4
Corporate Information


Power Corporation of Canada
751 Victoria Square                                                161 Bay Street, Suite 5000
Montréal, Quebec, Canada H2Y 2J3                                   Toronto, Ontario, Canada M5J 2S1
514-286-7400                                                       416-607-2250
1-800-890-7440
corporate.secretary@powercorp.com


www.powercorporation.com




This document is also available on the Corporation’s website       TRANSFER AGENT AND REGISTRAR
and on SEDAR+ at www.sedarplus.ca.                                 Computershare Investor Services Inc.

STOCK LISTINGS                                                     Offices in:

Shares of Power Corporation of Canada are listed on the            Montréal, Quebec; Toronto, Ontario;

Toronto Stock Exchange:                                            Vancouver, British Columbia
                                                                   www.investorcentre.com
Subordinate Voting Shares: POW
Participating Preferred Shares: POW.PR.E                           SHAREHOLDER SERVICES
                                                                   Shareholders with questions relating to the payment of
First Preferred Shares, Series A: POW.PR.A
                                                                   dividends, change of address, share certificates, direct registration
First Preferred Shares, Series B: POW.PR.B
                                                                   and estate transfers should contact the Transfer Agent:
First Preferred Shares, Series C: POW.PR.C
First Preferred Shares, Series D: POW.PR.D                         Computershare Investor Services Inc.
First Preferred Shares, Series G: POW.PR.G                         Shareholder Services
                                                                   100 University Avenue, 8th Floor
                                                                   Toronto, Ontario, Canada M5J 2Y1
                                                                   1-800-564-6253 (toll-free in Canada and the U.S.)
                                                                   or 514-982-7555
                                                                   www.computershare.com




                      Power Corporation of Canada is a certified
                      Imagine Canada Caring Company,
                      recognized for leadership and excellence
                      in community investment.




To learn more about the organizations we support, visit
www.PowerCorporationCommunity.com
